

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000024545-15-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150212
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOLSON COORS BREWING CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000024545
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				840178360
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14829
		FILM NUMBER:		15604601
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 17TH STREET
 SUITE 3200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80123
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-927-2312
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1225 17TH STREET
 SUITE 3200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COORS ADOLPH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 31
1225 17th&#160;Street
 Denver
1555 Notre Dame Street East
 Montr&#233;al
 Qu&#233;bec
(Registrant's telephone number
Class&#160;A Common Stock
Class&#160;B Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S-K (&#167;&#160;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
June&#160;30
 2014
$11
119
177
&#32;based upon the last sales price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange. For purposes of this disclosure
June&#160;30
 2014
The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock
February&#160;6
Class&#160;A Common Stock&#8212;2
559
Class&#160;B Common Stock&#8212;162
861
February&#160;6
 2015
 the following number of exchangeable shares was outstanding for Molson Coors Canada
Class&#160;A Exchangeable Shares&#8212;2
894
Class&#160;B Exchangeable Shares&#8212;17
567
The Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares are shares of common stock in Molson Coors Canada Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the registrant. They are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TPX.A and TPX.B
 respectively.&#160;These shares are intended to provide substantially the same economic and voting rights as the corresponding class of Molson Coors common stock.&#160;In addition to the registered Class A common stock and the Class B common stock
 the registrant has also issued and outstanding one share each of a Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock. The Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock provide the mechanism for holders of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares to vote with the holders of the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock
 respectively
 on matters of the registrant.&#160;The holders of the Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding Class A exchangeable share and Class B exchangeable share
 respectively
 excluding shares held by the registrant or its subsidiaries
 and generally vote together with the Class A common stock and Class B common stock
 respectively
 on all matters on which the Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to vote.&#160;The Special Class A voting stock and Special Class B voting stock are subject to a voting trust arrangement. The trustee holder of the Special Class A voting stock and the Special Class B voting stock has the right to cast a number of votes equal to the number of then-outstanding Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares
 respectively
 but will only cast a number of votes equal to the number of Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares as to which it has received voting instructions from the owners of record of those Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares
 other than the registrant or its subsidiaries
 respectively
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
 2014
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section&#160;27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). From time to time
Statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance
 our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses
 and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements
 and include
 but are not limited to
 statements in Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report
 therein
 relating to overall volume trends
 consumer preferences
 pricing trends
 industry forces
 cost reduction strategies
 anticipated results
 anticipated synergies
 expectations for funding future capital expenditures and operations
 debt service capabilities
 shipment levels and profitability
 market share and the sufficiency of capital resources. In addition
Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from those indicated (both favorably and unfavorably). These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to those described in Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A Risk Factors
 elsewhere throughout this report
 and those described from time to time in our past and future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result of new information
The market and industry data used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on independent industry publications
 customers
 trade or business organizations
 reports by market research firms and other published statistical information from third parties
 as well as information based on management&#8217;s good faith estimates
 which we derive from our review of internal information and independent sources.&#160;Although we believe these sources to be reliable
Unless otherwise noted in this report
 any description of we
 us or our includes Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC or the Company)
 principally a holding company
 and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within our reporting segments and Corporate. Our reporting segments include: Molson Coors Canada (MCC or Canada segment)
 operating in Canada; MillerCoors&#160;LLC (MillerCoors or U.S. segment)
 which is accounted for by us under the equity method of accounting
 operating in the United States (U.S.); Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment)
 operating in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Serbia
 Slovakia and the United Kingdom (U.K.); and Molson Coors International (MCI)
Unless otherwise indicated
We are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands
Carling

 
 as well as craft and specialty beers such as 
Creemore Springs
. For more than 350 combined years
 we have been brewing high-quality
Molson and Coors were founded in 1786 and 1873
 respectively. Our commitment to producing the highest quality beers is a key part of our heritage and remains so to this day. Our brands are designed to appeal to a wide range of consumer tastes
 styles and price preferences. Our largest markets are the U.S.
Coors was incorporated in June 1913 under the laws of the state of Colorado. In August 2003
 Coors changed its state of incorporation to the state of Delaware. In February 2005
 upon completion of the Merger
The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years
 becoming an increasingly global beer market. The industry was previously founded on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export
 license and partnership arrangements. More recently
 it has become increasingly complex
 as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally
 resulting in fewer major global market participants. In addition to the acquisitive element of this industry consolidation
 the market continues to utilize export
 license and partnership arrangements; however
 these are often with the same global competitors that make up the majority of the market. This industry consolidation has resulted in a few large global brewers representing the majority of the worldwide beer market. At the same time
 smaller local brewers within certain established markets are experiencing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on&#160;locally-produced
 regionally-sourced products.&#160;As the beer industry continues its evolution of consolidation and diversification of its products to meet consumer demand with broadening preferences
 large global brewers are uniquely positioned to leverage the scale
As part of our participation in these industry changes
 we have expanded our operations globally and in emerging markets
 including our acquisition (the Acquisition) of StarBev Holdings S.a.r.l. (StarBev) in 2012
 representing our operations within Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Romania
 Serbia and Slovakia
 collectively
 our Central Europe business and included within our Europe segment
 as well as within our MCI segment where we continually aim to grow our market share within certain emerging markets
We evaluate ourselves in relation to other global brewers using various metrics
 including overall market capitalization
 volume
 net sales revenue
 gross margins and net profits
 as well as our position within each of our core markets
 with the goal to be the first choice for our consumers and customers. To provide a perspective of the relative size of the major participants in the global brewing market
 the market capitalizations of our primary global competitors
 based on foreign exchange rates at December 31
 2014
We have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands which are positioned to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions in a variety of markets
Carling
 Coors Light
 Molson Canadian
. We consider these our core global brands for which we continue to invest in and focus on growing globally. We believe our portfolio encompasses all segments of the beer industry with the purpose of delighting the world's beer drinkers
 including premium and premium lights
 economy
 above premium and craft
&#32;Carling
 Carling Black Label
 Coors Altitude
 Coors Banquet
 Creemore Springs
&#32;brands
Keystone Light
 Mad Jack
 Molson Canadian&#160;67
 Molson Canadian Cider
 Molson Dry
Molson Export
 Pilsner
family of brands and a number of other regional brands. Under license from Heineken
Amstel Light
 Heineken
Murphy's
cider. In January 2015
 we also began selling premium import brands owned by Heineken
Desperados
 Dos Equis
 Moretti
. Additionally
&#32;under license from SABMiller. During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we entered into an agreement with Miller Brewing Company (Miller)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller
 for the accelerated termination of the Miller license agreement
 effective March 2015. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
&#32;for Asahi Breweries
&#32;for North American Breweries
MillerCoors sells a wide variety of brands throughout the U.S. and Puerto Rico. In the formation of the MillerCoors joint venture
 MCBC and SABMiller each assigned the U.S. and Puerto Rican ownership rights to its respective legacy brands to MillerCoors
. Including craft and import brands
 some of which are marketed and sold through Tenth and Blake Beer Company (Tenth and Blake)
Batch 19
&#32;brands
Coors Banquet
Coors Non-Alcoholic
 Grolsch
 Hamm's
 Henry Weinhard's
 Icehouse
 
brands
 
Miller Fortune
Miller Genuine Draft
Miller High Life
 Milwaukee's Best
 Olde English 800
 Peroni Nastro Azzurro
Pilsner Urquell
Sharp's non-alcoholic
Smith &amp; Forge
 St. Stefanus
 Steel Reserve
Third Shift
brands
Apatinsko
 Astika
&#160;Bergenbier
 Blue Moon
 Borsodi
 Branik
 Coors Light
 Jelen
 Kamenitza
 Niksicko
 Noroc
 Ostravar
&#160;Ozujsko
&#32;Worthington's
&#32;as well as a number of smaller regional ale brands in the U.K.
Beck's
brands
Hoegaarden
 Leffe
 Lowenbrau
 L&#246;wenweisse
&#32;in certain Central European countries. Additionally
 starting in January 2015
&#32;Corona Extra
 Modelo Especial
&#32;throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. In the U.K.
&#32;brands through a joint venture with Royal Grolsch&#160;N.V.
 and are the exclusive distributor for several brands which are sold under license
. Additionally
 in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and other beverages to our U.K. on-premise customers
 we sell factored brands
 which are third-party beverage brands for which we provide distribution to retail
. Other brands sold in our international markets
 including brands sold under export and license agreements
Blue Moon
 Carling
 Cobra
Coors
 Coors 1873
Coors Extra
 Coors Gold
 Iceberg 9000
 King Cobra 
 we operated the following segments: Canada
 the U.S.
 Europe and MCI. A separate operating team manages each segment and each segment manufactures
 markets
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
&#32;of the Notes for information relating to our segments and operations
 including financial and geographic information. For certain risks attendant to our operations
 refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
. We brew
 market
 sell and distribute a wide variety of beer brands nationally. Our portfolio has leading brands in all major product and price segments. Our focus and investment is on Canada core brands
 primarily 
 as well as other key owned brands
Carling
 Coors Banquet
 Creemore Springs
 Granville Island
 Molson Dry
 Molson Export
and strategic distribution partnerships
 including those with Heineken. In 
&#32;had an approximate 13% market share and was the second largest selling beer brand in Canada
The Canada segment also includes our partnership arrangements related to the distribution of beer in Ontario
 Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI)
 and in the Western provinces
 Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL). BRI and BDL are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. BRI is currently owned by MCC
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. (a subsidiary of Sapporo International)
In Canada
 provincial governments regulate the beer industry
 particularly with regard to the pricing
 mark-up
 container management
 sale
 distribution and advertising of beer. Distribution and the retail sale of alcohol products involve a wide range and varied degree of Canadian government control through their respective provincial liquor boards. In 
 approximately 18% of our Canada segment beer volume was sold on-premise in bars and restaurants
 and the other 82% was sold off-premise in convenience stores
 grocery stores
In Ontario
 beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI
 at government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 at approved agents of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 or at any bar
 restaurant
 or tavern licensed by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario to sell alcohol for on-premise consumption. We
 together with certain other brewers
 participate in the ownership of BRI in proportion to provincial market share relative to other brewers in the ownership group. These BRI retail outlets operate under The Beer Store name. Brewers may deliver directly to BRI's outlets or may choose to use BRI's distribution centers to access retail stores in Ontario
In January 2015
 BRI
 with our endorsement
 announced a proposed change in ownership structure allowing all other Ontario based brewers
 regardless of size
 the ability to participate in the ownership of BRI. As part of this proposed change
 two new share classes will be created and the board of directors will be expanded to include representation for these new ownership classes. New owners will be subject to the same fee structure as the current owners
 with the exception of smaller brewers
 who will have discounted fees
 as they will not be required to fund certain costs associated with capital investment in new stores or pension and benefits. Under the new ownership structure
 BRI will continue to operate on a break-even basis
 and all Ontario brewers will benefit from the low-cost and high efficiency nature of the system. Further
In Qu&#233;bec
 the distribution and sale of beer is governed by the Quebec Alcohol Corporation (SAQ). Beer is distributed to retail outlets directly by each brewer or through independent agents. We are the agent for the licensed brands we distribute. The brewer or agent distributes the products to permit holders for retail sales for on-premise consumption. Qu&#233;bec retail sales for off-premise consumption are made through grocery and convenience stores
In British Columbia
 the government's Liquor Distribution Branch controls the regulatory elements of distribution of all alcohol products in the province. BDL
 which we co-own with ABI
 manages the distribution of our products throughout British Columbia. Consumers can purchase beer at any Liquor Distribution Branch retail outlet
In Alberta
 the distribution of beer is managed by independent private warehousing and shipping companies or by a government sponsored system in the case of U.S. sourced products. All sales of liquor in Alberta are made through retail outlets licensed by the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission or licensees
 such as bars
Our products are distributed in the provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan through local liquor boards. Manitoba and Saskatchewan also have licensed private retailers. BDL manages the distribution of our products in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. In the Maritime Provinces (other than Newfoundland)
 local liquor boards distribute and sell our products. In Yukon
 Northwest Territories and Nunavut
Manufacturing
We source barley malt from one primary provider
 from which we have a committed supply through 2016. Hops are purchased from a variety of global suppliers in the U.S.
 Europe
 and New Zealand through contracts that vary in length based on market conditions and cover our supply requirements through at least 2015. Other starch brewing adjuncts are sourced from two main suppliers
We operate seven breweries
 strategically located throughout Canada. These locations brew and package all owned and certain licensed brands sold in
 and exported from
 Canada. See Item&#160;2
We single source glass bottles and have a committed supply through December 2016. We source lids and cans from two primary providers with contracts ending February 2016 and December 2016
 respectively. We currently utilize a hedging program for aluminum requirements and related transportation and storage costs in Canada. The distribution systems in each province generally provide the collection network for returnable bottles and aluminum cans. The standard bottle for beer brewed in Canada is the 341 ml returnable bottle and represents the vast majority of our bottle sales. Bottle sales have declined as we have experienced a shift in consumers' preference toward aluminum cans. This standard returnable bottle requires significant investment behind our returnable bottle inventory and bottling equipment. Therefore
 the trend away from returnable bottles could result in higher fixed cost deleverage related to these assets and an ultimate decreased need for these assets that support this packaging
 which could adversely impact profitability. A limited number of kegs are purchased every year
 and we have no long-term supply commitment. Crowns
 labels
 corrugate
 and paperboard are purchased from a small number of sources unique to each product under contracts ending between December 31
 2015
 and December 31
We have an agreement with North American Breweries
 Inc. (NAB) to brew
&#32;trademark brands to the U.S. market through 2020. We also have an agreement with Asahi Breweries
Total industry volume in Canada is sensitive to factors such as weather
 changes in demographics
 consumer preferences and drinking occasions. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 consumption of beer in Canada is seasonal
The Canadian brewing industry is a mature market. It is characterized by aggressive competition for volume and market share from regional brewers
 microbrewers and certain foreign brewers
 as well as our main domestic competitor. These competitive pressures require significant annual investment in marketing and selling activities. In 
There are three major beer price segments: above premium
 which includes craft and most imports; premium
 which includes the majority of domestic brands and the light sub-segment; and value (below premium). Since 2001
For each of the five years ended December 31
 2008
 Canada beer industry shipments annual average growth rate approximated 1%. Since that time
 the beer industry has been weak
 with declines in five of the last six years. Aging population
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall Canadian alcohol market over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
Our brands compete with competitor beer brands and other alcohol beverages
 including wine and spirits
The Canada brewing industry is composed principally of two major brewers
 MCBC and ABI. The following table summarizes the estimated percentage share of the Canadian beer market represented by MCBC
The decrease in MCBC share and increase in ABI share from 2013 to 2014 is primarily the result of ABI's acquisition of Grupo Modelo S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo) in 2013. Subsequent to the termination of Modelo Molson Imports
(MMI)
 our joint venture with Modelo in Canada
 in the first quarter of 2014
In Canada
 provincial governments regulate the production
 marketing
 distribution
 selling and pricing of beer (including the establishment of minimum prices)
 and impose commodity taxes and license fees in relation to the production
 distribution and sale of beer. Effective August 1
 2014
 an equalization and standardization of excise taxes between distribution channels was implemented in Quebec. This resulted in a 26% increase and corresponding 23% decrease in excise tax rates applicable to off-premise and on-premise sales
 respectively. Furthermore
 the negative impact of the 3% overall net increase in excise tax rates was accentuated by the fact that the majority of our beer volume sold in Quebec is consumed off-premise. Previously
 effective November 21
 2012
 increases of over 20% were implemented for both off-premise and on-premise excise tax rates in Qu&#233;bec. In addition
 the federal government regulates the advertising
 labeling
 quality control
 and international trade of beer
 and also imposes commodity taxes on both domestically produced and imported beer. In 
&#32;per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. Further
 certain bilateral and multilateral treaties entered into by the federal government
 provincial governments and certain foreign governments
 especially with the United States
In April 2014
 the Ontario Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets began a review that included evaluating the BRI distribution model. The ultimate consequences to the current BRI distribution model are not yet determined but could have a significant financial impact to our Canadian business. Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
MillerCoors is the second largest brewer by volume in the U.S.
&#32;U.S. brewing industry shipments (excluding exports). MillerCoors was formed on July&#160;1
 2008
 as a joint venture between MCBC and SABMiller. Each party contributed its U.S. and Puerto Rico businesses and related operating assets and certain liabilities. The percentage interests in the profits of MillerCoors are 58% for SABMiller and 42% for MCBC. Voting interests are shared 50% - 50%
 and MCBC and SABMiller have equal board representation within MillerCoors. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
Prior to the formation of MillerCoors
 MCBC produced
 marketed
 and sold the MCBC portfolio of brands in the U.S. and its territories
 and its U.S. operating segment included the results of the Rocky Mountain Metal Container (RMMC) and Rocky Mountain Bottle Company (RMBC) joint ventures. Effective July&#160;1
 2008
In the United States
 beer is generally distributed through a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers. A national network of approximately 450 independent distributors purchases MillerCoors' products and distributes them to retail accounts. In 
 approximately 17% of MillerCoors' beer volume was sold on-premise in bars and restaurants
 and the other 83% was sold off-premise in convenience stores
 grocery stores
 liquor stores and other retail outlets. MillerCoors wholly owns one distributorship
Manufacturing
MillerCoors uses the highest quality ingredients to brew its products. MillerCoors malts a portion of its production requirements
 using barley purchased under yearly contracts from independent farmers located in the western United States. Other barley
 malt
 and cereal grains are purchased from suppliers primarily in the U.S. Hops are purchased from suppliers in the U.S.
 New Zealand and certain European countries. MillerCoors leases water rights
 including leasing from MCBC for water usage in Colorado
MillerCoors operates nine breweries
 two packaging facilities and one cidery
 which produce MillerCoors products. MillerCoors imports 

. A portion of the aluminum containers were purchased from RMMC
 a joint venture between MillerCoors and Ball Corporation (Ball)
 whose production facilities are located near MillerCoors' brewery in Golden
 Colorado. In addition to the supply agreement with RMMC
 MillerCoors has a supply agreement with Ball to purchase cans and ends in excess of what is supplied through RMMC. In 2011
 MillerCoors signed a 10-year contract extension with Ball to extend the RMMC joint venture agreement along with the can and end purchase agreements
 both of which will expire December 31
&#32;were packaged in glass bottles
 of which a portion was provided by RMBC
 a joint venture between MillerCoors and Owens-Brockway Glass Container
&#160;Inc. (Owens). The joint venture with Owens expires in 2015. MillerCoors and Owens entered into a new supply agreement effective January 1
&#32;was packaged in half
 quarter
 and one-sixth barrel stainless steel kegs. A limited number of kegs are purchased each year
 and there is no long-term supply agreement. Crowns
 labels
 corrugate and paperboard are purchased from a small number of sources unique to each product. In recent years
 we have experienced a slight shift in the allocation among different packaging types toward aluminum cans and bottles and away from glass bottles. In general
MillerCoors has an agreement to brew
 package and ship products for Pabst Brewing Company through June 2020. Additionally
Total industry volume in the U.S. is sensitive to factors such as weather
 changes in demographics
 consumer preferences and drinking occasions. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 consumption of beer in the U.S. is seasonal
The beer industry in the United States is highly competitive
 and the two largest brewers
. The formation of MillerCoors in 2008 created a stronger U.S. presence for MCBC with the scale
 operational efficiency and distribution platform to compete more effectively in the U.S. marketplace. Growing or even maintaining market share has required significant investments in marketing. From 1998 to 2008
 the U.S. beer industry shipments annual growth rate approximated 1%
 compared with declines ranging from 1% to 2% in each of the years 2009
 2010 and 2011. With ideal weather conditions
 industry volumes improved slightly in 2012
 growing approximately 1%. However
 in 2013 the industry saw a decline of approximately 1% to 2%
 and in 2014
 the industry grew slightly
The 2009 to 2011 and 2013 declines in the U.S. beer industry have been partially attributed to relatively poor economic conditions. High rates of unemployment
 declining labor participation rates
 and lower consumer confidence have negatively affected the legal age key beer drinkers' purchasing behaviors. In addition
 per capita beer consumption has declined as consumer preference shifts to higher alcohol
 full calorie beers
 as well as wine
 spirits and other alcohol beverages. While economic conditions have improved slightly in 2014
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall U.S. alcohol market over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
The MillerCoors portfolio of beers competes with numerous above-premium
 premium
 and economy brands. These competing brands are produced by international
 national
 regional and local brewers. MillerCoors competes most directly with ABI brands
 but also competes with imported and craft beer brands. The following table summarizes the estimated percentage share of the U.S. beer market represented by MillerCoors
MillerCoors' products also compete with other alcohol beverages
 including wine and spirits
 and thus their competitive position is affected by consumer preferences between and among these other categories. Driven by increased spirits advertising along with increased wine and spirits sales execution
 sales of wine and spirits have grown faster than sales of beer in recent years
The U.S. beer business is regulated by federal
 state
 and local governments. These regulations govern many parts of MillerCoors' operations
 including brewing
 marketing and advertising
 transportation
 distributor relationships
 sales
 and environmental issues. To operate their facilities
 MillerCoors must obtain and maintain numerous permits
 licenses and approvals from various governmental agencies
 including the U.S. Treasury Department; Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau; the U.S. Department of Agriculture; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; state alcohol regulatory agencies; and state and federal environmental agencies.
&#32;per hectoliter sold on a reported basis. State excise taxes are levied in specific states at varying rates. Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
We are the second largest brewer by volume
 on a combined basis
 within the European countries in which we operate
. The majority of our European segment sales are in the U.K.
 Croatia and Czech Republic. Our portfolio includes beers that have the largest share in their respective countries
&#32;in the U.K.
in Serbia
&#32;in Montenegro. We have beers that rank in the top three in market share in countries throughout the region
&#32;in Bulgaria
Beck's
 Lowenbrau
&#32;under license agreements with ABI companies
 and beginning January 2015
brands throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. Additionally
brands in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland and factored brand sales (beverage brands owned by other companies
In Europe
 beer is generally distributed through either a two-tier system consisting of manufacturers and retailers
 or a three-tier system consisting of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers. Most of our beer in the U.K. is sold directly to retailers. We have an agreement with Tradeteam Ltd. (Tradeteam
 a subsidiary of DHL) to provide the distribution of our products throughout the U.K. through 2023. It is also common in the U.K. for brewers to distribute beer
 wine
 spirits
 and other products owned and produced by other companies
 which we refer to as factored brands
&#32;represented factored brands. Factored brand sales are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold
Generally
 over the years
 volumes in Europe have shifted from the higher margin on-premise channel
 where products are consumed in pubs and restaurants
 to the lower margin off-premise channel
In Europe
 the off-premise channel includes sales to supermarkets
 convenience stores
 liquor stores
 distributors
. The off-premise channel has become increasingly concentrated among a small number of super-store chains
. The installation and maintenance of draught beer dispensing equipment in the on-premise channel is generally the responsibility of the brewer. Accordingly
 we own refrigeration units and other equipment used to dispense beer from kegs to consumers that are used in on-premise outlets. This includes beer lines
 cooling equipment
 taps
Similar to other brewers
 we utilize loans in securing supply relationships with customers in the on-premise market in the U.K. These loans can be granted at below-market rates of interest
 with the outlet purchasing beer at lower-than-average discount levels to compensate. We reclassify a portion of sales revenue to interest income to reflect the economic substance of these loans. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
Manufacturing
We use the highest quality water
 barley
 malt and hops to brew our products. During 
 our malt requirements were sourced from both owned production and third party suppliers. We produced 38% of our total required malt from our malt-house in the U.K.
 using barley sourced through two suppliers with commitments until 2014 and 2016
 respectively. In 2015
 we entered into an agreement to sell our malting facility in the U.K. and
 concurrent with the sale
 entered into a long term contract with the purchaser of the facility to replace the malt that we previously produced. We have also entered into long term contracts with two suppliers for an additional 50% of our required malt which expire at the end of 2015 and 2020
 respectively. Our remaining requirements are purchased on a spot basis from various maltsters in the region. Hops are purchased under various contracts with suppliers in Germany
 the U.S. and the U.K.
 which cover our requirements through 2015. Adjuncts are purchased under various contracts with local producers
We operate thirteen breweries in Europe
 which brew and package brands sold in Europe. Following the termination of our distribution agreement with Heineken in the U.K.
 and upon completion of a strategic review of our European supply chain network
 management has made a proposal to close our brewing facility in Alton
 Hampshire
 U.K. in 2015. See Item 2
&#32;were packaged in bottles
. A limited number of steel kegs are purchased each year
&#32;consisted of products packaged in recyclable plastic containers for which we are currently negotiating agreements for our 2015 requirements with various manufacturers in the region. Crowns
&#32;brands in the U.K. In December 2013
 we entered into an agreement with Heineken to early terminate this arrangement. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
 of which we received GBP 5.0 million in 2014 and will receive the remainder at the end of the transition period
 concluding on April 30
 2015. We also renewed our existing agreement with Heineken
 whereby they sell
&#32;in Republic of Ireland
 to extend the contract through December 2019. In addition
In Europe
 the beer industry is subject to seasonal sales fluctuations primarily influenced by holidays
 weather and by certain major televised sporting events. Weather conditions consisting of high temperatures and extended periods of warm weather favor increased consumption of our products
 while unseasonably cool or wet weather
 especially during the summer months
 adversely affects our sales volumes and net sales. Accordingly
 the peak selling seasons typically occur during the summer and during the Christmas and New Year holiday season. 
 primarily driven by declines in the overall alcohol market. Since 2010
 the off-premise market share has increased in our European markets from 55% to nearly 60% of total volume
The following table summarizes the estimated percentage market share by volume of beer (including adjacencies
 such as cider) and other alcohol beverages as a component of the overall European alcohol market
 within the countries in which we have production facilities
 over the last five years
&#32;data
 when available
Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors
 but also with other alcohol beverages
 including wines
 spirits
In European countries where we operate
 our primary competitors are Heineken
 SABMiller
Each country that is part of our Europe segment is either a member of the European Union (EU) or a current candidate to join
 with the exception of Bosnia
 which is a potential candidate
 and
 as such
 there are similarities in the regulations that apply to many parts of our Europe segment's operations and products
 including brewing
 food safety
 labeling and packaging
marketing and advertising
 environmental
 health and safety
 employment and data protection regulations. To operate breweries and conduct our business in Europe
Each country's government levies excise taxes on all alcohol beverages. With the exception of Serbia
 Montenegro and Bosnia
 all countries' laws on excise taxes are consistent with the directives of the EU. With the exception of Serbia
 where a flat excise per hectoliter is used
 all European countries use similar measurements based on either alcohol by volume or Plato degrees. In 
&#32;per hectoliter on a reported basis. Refer to Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;1A
The objective of MCI is to grow and expand our business and brand portfolio in markets
 including emerging markets
 outside the U.S.
 Canada and Europe segments. The focus of MCI includes Asia
 continental Europe (excluding Central Europe
 as it is a part of the Europe segment)
 Latin America (including South America)
 the Caribbean (excluding Puerto Rico
 as it is a part of the U.S. segment) and Australia. The MCI portfolio of beers compete within the above-premium category in most of our markets. Our principal competitors include large global brewers
 as well as local brewers. As MCI's objective is to grow and expand our business
 we are developing scale to build market share in the countries where we operate. Many of the markets in which we operate are considered emerging beer markets
 with other brewers controlling the majority of the market share. Our beers compete not only with similar products from competitors
 but also with other alcohol beverages
 including wines
 spirits
 and ciders
Our standalone operations are in the Asia region and are based in India
Our consolidated joint venture in India gives us a 51% share and operational control of Molson Coors Cobra India (MC Cobra India) which operates a brewery in the state of Bihar. MC Cobra India produces
Cobra
 Iceberg 9000
&#32;in select Indian states. MC Cobra uses the highest quality ingredients to brew its products
Blue Moon
&#32;Carling
Our export business focuses on expanding the reach of our international brands which are exported from our breweries in the U.S.
Blue Moon
 Carling
 Cobra
 Coors 1873
In Latin America and the Caribbean
 our products
 primarily 
 are sold through agreements with independent distributors. We also sell our brands
 primarily 
&#32;primarily in Ukraine
Corporate includes interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating segments. The majority of these corporate costs relate to worldwide administrative functions
 such as corporate affairs
 legal
human resources
 finance and accounting
 treasury
 tax
 internal audit
 insurance and risk management. Additionally
We own trademarks on the majority of the brands we produce and have licenses for the remainder. We also hold several patent and design registrations with expiration dates through 2038 relating to beer dispensing systems
 packaging and certain other innovations. We are not reliant on patent royalties for our financial success. Therefore
Corporate responsibility to sustainability
 or Our Beer Print
 is integral to our business strategy. We are committed to sustainable growth while improving the impact we have on our communities
 people and the environment. Since 2012 we have been listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
 and were named Beverage Sector Leader in 2012 and 2013. Our approach to reducing Our Beer Print is outlined in our 2020 Sustainability Strategy outlined on our website at www.molsoncoors.com. Launched in 2013
 our 2020 Sustainability Strategy integrates how we manage energy
 greenhouse gas emissions
 water and solid waste and sets out how we intend to meet our 2020 ambitions. The cornerstone of our 2020 Sustainability Strategy is a commitment to invest in waste water treatment and generate clean energy from this waste stream. These investments will alleviate the impact of our operations on municipal water treatment resources
Our operations are subject to a variety of extensive and changing federal
 state and local environmental laws
 regulations and ordinances that govern activities or operations that may have adverse effects on human health or the environment. Such laws
 regulations or ordinances may impose liability for the cost of remediation
 and for certain damages resulting from sites of past releases of hazardous materials. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. While we cannot predict our eventual aggregate cost for the environmental and related matters in which we may be or are currently involved
 we believe that any payments
 if required
 for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our operating results
 cash flows
 or our financial or competitive position. We believe adequate reserves have been provided for losses that are probable and estimable. However
 there can be no assurance that environmental laws will not become more stringent in the future or that we will not incur material costs in the future in order to comply with such laws. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
 Commitments and Contingencies
 we have approximately 9
100 full-time employees within MCBC globally
 including 2
450 within our Canada segment
 6
000 employees within our Europe segment
 450 employees within our MCI segment in various countries around the world
 and 200 employees in our Corporate headquarters in Colorado. Additionally
 MillerCoors has approximately 8
300 employees. There have been no significant changes in our number of employees since December 31
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 4
&#32;of the Notes for discussion of sales
 operating income and identifiable assets attributable to our country of domicile
 the United States
We file with
 or furnish to
 the SEC reports
 including our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These reports are available free of charge on our corporate website (www.molsoncoors.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Copies of any materials we file with the SEC can be obtained at www.sec.gov or at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
February&#160;12
President
Chairman of the Board of the Company
Chief People and Legal Officer
The reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this document. The risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. We may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs
 it may have a material adverse effect on our business
The global beer industry is constantly evolving
 and our position within the global beer industry and our markets in which we operate may fundamentally change. If we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry and market dynamics
The brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly global beer market. For many years
 the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export
 license and partnership arrangements
 whereas it has now become increasingly complex as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally resulting in fewer major global market participants. At the same time
 smaller local brewers within certain geographies are seeing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on&#160;locally-produced
 regionally-sourced products.&#160;As a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants
 the markets in which we operate
 particularly the more mature markets
 may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position and local governments may intervene
 which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. For example
 U.S. and Canada beer markets have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market.&#160;However
 recent evolution in these markets and emerging changes to consumer preferences have introduced a significant expansion of market entrants and resulted in increased consumer choice and market competition
 as well as increased government scrutiny.&#160;Specifically
 in Canada changes to the existing historical framework of regulations
 distribution models
 and packaging requirements
 such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles may be disadvantageous to us.&#160;Currently
 in Ontario and other provinces
 provincial governments are reviewing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government intervention to enhance competition and choice.&#160;As further described below
 in addition to these risks related to growing competition and market evolution
 the existing Ontario distribution models may be changed in ways that are unfavorable to us and the industry standard returnable bottle agreement may change in ways that adversely impact our operating model across Canada. If we are unsuccessful in evolving with
 and navigating through
 the changes to the markets in which we operate
Competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In most of our markets
 our primary competitors have substantially greater financial
 marketing
 production and distribution resources than we do
 and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. In all of the markets in which we operate
 aggressive marketing strategies
 such as reduced pricing
 brand positioning
 and increased capital investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. In addition
 continuing consolidation among major global brewers may lead to stronger or new competitors
 loss of partner brands
 negative impacts on our distributor networks and predatory marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. Further
 distributor consolidation could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the market in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes their value
our ability to manage our pricing effectively. These factors could result in lower margins or loss of market share
 due to increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets
 as well as the need for increased capital investment
 marketing and other expenditures. Moreover
 several of our major markets are mature
 so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our competitors. The above risk
 if realized
Our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets specific to the beer industry; if consumer preferences shift away from our products or consumption of our products decline
&#32;brands in Canada
&#32;brands in the U.S.
Carling
 Jelen
. Additionally
 several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market
 therefore volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. Consequently
 any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands
 or from the categories in which they compete
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to
 among others
 changing taste preferences
 demographics
 downturn in economic conditions or perceived value
 as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands due to negative publicity
 regulatory actions or litigation. Additionally
 in some of our major markets
 specifically Canada and the U.S.
 there has been a recent shift in consumer preferences within the total beer market away from premium brands to craft beer produced by small
 regional microbreweries
 as well as a shift within the total alcohol beverage market from beer to wine and spirits. Moreover
 several of our major markets are mature and we have significant share
 therefore small movements in consumer preference can disproportionately impact our results. As a result
Continued weak
 or further weakening of
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Beer consumption in many of our markets is closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. Difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets
 such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases to inflation
 income taxes
 the cost of living
 unemployment levels
 political or economic instability or other country specific factors could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. For example
 during the second quarter of 2014
 the Balkans region experienced significant flooding which further exacerbated the existing economic pressures in the area
 resulting in an increased consumer trend toward value brands within the impacted markets. This trend
 along with other contributing factors
 led to a decrease in sales volumes in the region
&#32;brand in Croatia
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In connection with various business combinations
 we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. These assets are tested for impairment at least annually
 using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. Additionally
 in conjunction with the brand impairment tests
 we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. Potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible
 as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible
 could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For example
 the results of our initial 2014 indefinite-lived intangible asset testing performed as of July 1
 2014
&#32;indefinite-lived brand intangible assets within our Europe segment were below their respective carrying values. As a result
Our most recent impairment analysis
October&#160;1
 2014
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter
&#32;in excess of their carrying values
 respectively. Additionally
 the fair value of the 
&#32;indefinite-lived brands in Europe
 and the Molson core brands in Canada
October&#160;1
. The Europe and Canada reporting units
 and the 
&#32;core brands in Canada
 are therefore at risk of a future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including significant delays in projected macroeconomic recovery or prolonged adverse economic conditions)
 terminal growth rates
 market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis. Any future impairment of the Europe or Canada reporting units or 
 
 
&#32;or other brands
 or reclassification of indefinite-lived brands to definite-lived
 may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally
aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture
 licensing
 distribution
 contract brewing or other similar arrangements. The loss of one or more of these arrangements
 as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example
 during 2014 we entered into an agreement with Miller Brewing Company (&#8220;Miller&#8221;) to terminate the license agreement between Miller and MCC
 which
 when consummated in 2015
 will have an adverse effect on our Canadian volumes. Additionally
 subsequent to ABI's acquisition of Grupo Modelo in 2013
 we entered into an agreement to accelerate the termination of our MMI joint venture that imports
 distributes and markets the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We purchase certain types of packaging materials including aluminum cans and bottles
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;We have entered into several joint ventures
 including our MillerCoors joint venture in the United States and Puerto Rico with SABMiller. We may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. Our joint venture partners may at any time have economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. In addition
 we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. Disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. Our joint venture arrangements may require us
 among other matters
 to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. In addition
 our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents
 and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. For example
 we terminated our MMI joint venture that imported
 distributed and marketed the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories
 which
 since termination in the first quarter of 2014
 has had an adverse effect on our Canadian volumes and financial results. The above risk
 if realized
We expect our operations in developing and emerging markets to become more significant to our operating results as we continue to further expand internationally. In certain of these markets
 we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section
 our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks
 including: changes in local political
 economic
 social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the U.S.; import and export requirements; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment
 which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles
 increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; and other challenges caused by distance
 language
In addition
 as a global company
 we are subject to foreign and U.S. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties
 criminal sanctions against us
 our officers
 or our employees
 prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and a materially negative effect on our brands and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and U.S. laws and regulations
 including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act
 there can be no assurance that our employees
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In our U.S. market
 there is a three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of products sold through MillerCoors (including our non-U.S. products). That system
 consisting of required separation of manufacturers
 distributors and retailers
 is increasingly subject to legal challenges on the basis that it allegedly interferes with interstate commerce. To the extent that such challenges are successful and require changes to the three-tier system
 such changes could have a materially adverse effect on MillerCoors and
 consequently
 on us. Further
 in Canada
 our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. Additionally
 in certain provinces
 we rely on our joint venture arrangements
 such as BRI and BDL
 to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. BRI owns and operates commercial retail outlets
 known as The Beer Store
 in Ontario
 and BDL facilitates the distribution of our products in the Western provinces. Recent review of government assets in Ontario has included an evaluation of the BRI distribution model
 the results of which we are actively negotiating with the Ontario government. We cannot predict what
 if any
 changes may result from this review and what the impact may be on us; however
 changes to the BRI distribution model could have a material adverse effect on BRI. See additional risks specific to BRI under the Risks Specific to the Canada Segment heading below. If provincial regulation should change
Changes in tax
 environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Our business is highly regulated by federal
 state
 provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as licensing requirements
 trade and pricing practices
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion and marketing practices
 relationships with distributors
 environmental matters
 smoking bans at on-premise locations and other matters. These laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation
 varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement. Examples of this are the recent changes in the Canadian tax legislation and a regulatory assessment received in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the interpretation of the application of tax on the production and sale of our products. Failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws
 regulations
 or interpretations thereof
 or in tax
 environmental
 excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss
 revocation or suspension of our licenses
 permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Additionally
 uncertainties exist with respect to adding new tax laws
 the interpretation of
 and potential future developments in
 complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations and the amount and timing of future taxable income.&#160;Given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements
 differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made
 or future changes to such assumptions
 could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. Finally
 advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis
 seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us
 to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol
 including beer
 in developed and developing markets. To the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business
Our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
 most significantly the Canadian dollar and the European operating currencies such as
 but not limited to
 Euro
 British Pound
 Czech Koruna
 Croatian Kuna
 Serbian Dinar
 New Romanian Leu
We hold assets and incur liabilities
 earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies
 most significantly in Canada and throughout Europe. Because our financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars (USD)
 we must translate our assets
 liabilities
 income and expenses into USD. Increases and decreases in the value of the USD will affect
 perhaps adversely
 the value of these items in our financial statements
 even if their local currency value has not changed. Additionally
 we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities
 such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures
 as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. Further
 certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. To the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements
 which may affect our operations
 including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates
 our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Additionally
 the recent strengthening of the USD against the Canadian dollar
 European currencies and various other global currencies
 if continued
Our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity prices
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials
 some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties
 to produce our products
 including barley
 malted barley
 hops
 corn
 other various starches
 water and packaging materials
 including aluminum cans and bottles
 glass and polyethylene terephthalate (&#8220;PET&#8221;) containers
 as well as
fuel
 natural gas and electricity in our operations. The supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control
 including market demand
 alternative sources for suppliers
 global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices)
 frosts
 droughts and other weather conditions
 economic factors affecting growth decisions
 inflation
 plant diseases and theft. To the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. While warmer weather has historically been associated with increased sales of beer
 changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions which may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities
 such as hops
 barley and other cereal grains
 which are important ingredients for our products. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities
 disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. In addition
 public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy
 transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. Clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. The competition for water among domestic
 agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities. Even where water is widely available
 water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. The above risk
 if realized
Loss or closure of a major brewery or other key facility
 due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise
Our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes
 hurricanes
 floods
 other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. Additionally
 certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies
 which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. In addition
 our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity
 including contract brewing and effect on priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. Further
 significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines
 could result in under-utilization of our assets
 which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. For example
 as part of a strategic review of our European supply chain network and following receipt of notification of the termination of our distribution agreement with Heineken in the U.K.
 management made a proposal to close our brewing facility in Alton
 Hampshire
 U.K. in 2015
Failure to successfully identify
We have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several joint ventures. In order to compete in the consolidating global brewing industry
 we anticipate that we may
 from time to time
 in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business. Potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include
 among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating
 recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards
 controls
 procedures and policies
 business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales
 marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. If an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations
Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our business
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors
 such as the rates of return on the plans' assets
 discount rates
 the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans
 exchange rate fluctuations
 future government regulation
 global equity prices
 and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. While we comply with the minimum funding requirements
funding requirements may also require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets
 and depending upon the other factors as listed above
 we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows
 credit rating and cost of borrowing
 financial position and/or results of operations. For example
 following the completion of the triennial review of the U.K. pension plan with the plan's trustees in 2014
&#32;contribution to our U.K. pension plan in 2015
 which we paid in January 2015
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
 and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets. Failure to comply with these restrictions or maintain our credit rating may result in issues with our current financing structure and potential future financing requirements. A deterioration in our credit rating could also affect our ability to obtain future financing or refinance our current debt
 as well as increase our borrowing rates
We depend on key personnel
The loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. Our future success depends on our ability to identify
 attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. Turnover of senior management can adversely impact our stock price
 our results of operations and our client relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. In addition
 we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization
 or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition
 in order to achieve our operating objectives
Due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils in Canada
 Europe
 and at MillerCoors in the U.S.
 we could be significantly affected by labor strikes
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Approximately 65%
 36% and 39% of our Canadian
 MillerCoors and European workforces
 respectively
 are represented by trade unions. Stringent labor laws in the U.K. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. A labor strike
The success of our business relies heavily on brand image
 reputation
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. Concerns about product quality
 even when unsubstantiated
 could be harmful to our image and reputation of our products. Deterioration to our brand equity may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material effect on our business and financial results. In addition
 because our brands carry family names
 personal activities by certain members of the Molson or Coors families that harm their public image or reputation could have an adverse effect on our brands. Further
 the success of our Company is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights
 including trademarks
 patents
 domain names
We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights
Because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We rely exclusively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network
 help desk
 hardware and software configuration. Additionally
 we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology
 including the internet and third-party hosted services
 to support a variety of business processes and activities
 including procurement and supply chain
 manufacturing
 distribution
 invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits
 as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting
 legal and tax requirements. We also have outsourced a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting
 human resources and other information technology functions to third-party service providers. As information systems are critical to many of our operating activities
 our business may be impacted by system shutdowns
 service disruptions or security breaches. Additionally
 if one of our service providers was to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner
 we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions. Further
 our internal and outsourced systems may also be the target of a breach to our security
 which
 if successful
 could expose us to the loss of key business
 employee
 customer or vendor information and disruption of our operations. If our information systems suffer severe damage
 disruption or shutdown and our remediation plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner
we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture
 distribute
 invoice and collect payments from our customers. Misuse
 leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations
 damage our reputation and credibility. In addition
If the Pentland Trust and the Coors Trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders
 generally the matter will not be approved
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pentland Securities (1981) Inc. (the Pentland Trust) (a company controlled by the Molson family and related parties) and the Adolph Coors
 Jr. Trust (the Coors Trust)
 which together control more than 90% of our Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;A exchangeable shares
 have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our Class&#160;A common stock and the Class&#160;A exchangeable shares that they own. In the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors)
 the voting trustees are required to vote all of the Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;A exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. There is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. Therefore
 if either the Pentland Trust or the Coors Trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote
 we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors
 management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. Similarly
 our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. Thus
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain company actions requiring stockholder approval
 which could have a material adverse effect on Class B stockholders. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 9
Beer sales are highly regulated by the Canadian government. For example
 in Ontario
 off-premise beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by BRI
 government-regulated retail outlets operated by the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO)
 or approved agents of the LCBO. In April 2014
 the Ontario Premier's Advisory Council on Government Assets (the Council) began a review that included evaluating the BRI distribution model. The results of this review and related proposals are currently under active discussions with the Council
 and the ultimate consequences related to this negotiation are unknown at this time. For example
 the government could introduce a material operating fee
 in the form of a mandated specific tax or other assessment
 to allow BRI the right to continue to distribute in Ontario. It could also introduce incremental packaging options at the LCBO and agents of the LCBO
 or otherwise mandate changes to the current retail distribution model
 which could result in decreased off-premise sales volumes through BRI and negatively impact our position in the market. Additionally
 as a result of the above review
 certain other legal matters could arise that could have a negative impact on our business
 such as the litigation related to our ownership of BRI discussed in Part&#160;I&#8212;Item&#160;3. Legal Proceedings. The above risk
 if realized
We may experience adverse effects on our Canada business and financial results due to declines in the overall Canadian beer industry
 continued price discounting
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If the Canadian beer market continues to decline
 the impact to our financial results could be exacerbated due to our significant share of the overall market. Additionally
 continuation
 acceleration or the increase of price discounting
 in Ontario
 Qu&#233;bec
 Alberta or other provinces
 as well as increases in our cost of goods sold
 could adversely impact our business. Further
 changes in the Canadian tax legislation
 such as the recent increase in beer excise taxes and the implementation of equalization and standardization of excise tax regulations in Quebec
 could decrease our net sales. Moreover
 the future success and earnings growth of the Canada business depends
 in part
In the event that we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today
Along with ABI and other brewers in Canada
standard returnable bottle
We do not fully control the operations and administration of MillerCoors
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We jointly control MillerCoors with SABMiller and hold a 42% economic interest in the joint venture.&#160;While we direct the MillerCoors business through our equal representation on its board of directors (along with SABMiller) and otherwise impact its business activities through our ongoing communication and oversight
 MillerCoors&#8217; management is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business.&#160;As a result
 we do not have full control over MillerCoors&#8217; activities. Our results of operations are dependent upon the efforts of MillerCoors management
 our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with SABMiller and factors beyond our control that may affect SABMiller. For example
 the loss of the services and expertise of any key MillerCoors employee could harm our business. Additionally
 our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to MillerCoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. Certain rights of first refusal apply to any assignment of the joint venture interests. Any transfer of ownership interest could have a significant effect on our results of operations and financial position
MillerCoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the United States to sell its products
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;MillerCoors sells all of its products and many of our non-U.S. products in the United States to distributors for resale to retail outlets and the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. Consequently
 if MillerCoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors
 its business
 financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected
Our European businesses have been
 and may continue to be
 adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions
 as well as a continued weakening of their respective currencies versus the U.S. dollar. As a result of our annual impairment testing
&#32;indefinite-lived brand intangible assets were below their respective carrying values as of July 1
 2014. As a result
 we recorded an impairment charge in the third quarter of 2014. The decline in fair value of these brands was due
 in part
 to the continued weakening of the macroeconomic environment in certain European markets
Jelen
&#32;indefinite-lived intangible brands sold in these markets. Additionally
 we face intense competition in certain of our European markets
 particularly with respect to price
 which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. In particular
 the on-going focus by large competitors in Europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. In addition
 in recent years
 beer volume sales in Europe have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise)
 for the industry in general. Margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers
 and
 as a result
In the event that a significant pub chain declared bankruptcy
 or experience similar financial difficulties
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;We extend credit to pub chains in the U.K.
 and in some cases the amounts are significant. The continuing challenging economic environment in the U.K. has caused business at on-premise outlets to decrease since late 2008
 and some pub chains may face increasing financial difficulty
 if economic conditions do not improve. In the event that one or more significant pub chains were to be unable to pay amounts owed to us as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties
Our ability to grow our MCI segment in emerging markets depends on social
 economic and political conditions in those markets
 on our ability to create effective product distribution networks and consumer brand awareness in new markets and in many cases our ability to find appropriate local partners. Due to product price
 local competition from competitors that are larger and have more resources than we do and cultural differences
 or absence of effective routes to market
 there is no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular emerging market. If we are unable to expand our businesses in emerging markets
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;In 2006
 we sold our 83% ownership interest in Kaiser to FEMSA Cerveza&#160;S.A. de C.V. (FEMSA). The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for exposures related to certain tax
 civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. The ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. These indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets
 however
 we could incur future statement of operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies
February&#160;12
 2015
Montr&#233;al
Toronto
Vancouver
Creemore
Moncton
Montr&#233;al
St&#160;John's
Toronto
Vancouver
Prague
Alton Brewery
 Hampshire
Apatin
B&#337;cs
Burton-on-Trent
 Staffordshire
Haskovo
Niksic
Ostrava
Ploiesti
Plovdiv
Prague
Sharp's Brewery
 Cornwall
Tadcaster Brewery
 Yorkshire
Zagreb
Burton-on-Trent
 Staffordshire
Patna
Montr&#233;al and Toronto breweries collectively account for approximately 77% of our Canada production. The Burton-on-Trent
 Alton
 Apatin
 Prague
We own one and lease one brewing and packaging facility in Vancouver
We own 10 distribution centers
 lease four additional distribution centers
 lease seven cross docks
We own one and lease seven warehouses throughout Canada
As part of a strategic review of our European supply chain network and following the notice of termination of our distribution agreement with Heineken in the U.K.
Alton
 Hampshire
 U.K. during the first half of 2015. In January
We own 16 distribution centers
 lease 16 additional distribution centers
We also lease offices in Colorado
 the location of our Corporate headquarters
 as well as within various international countries in which our MCI segment operates. We believe our facilities are well maintained and suitable for their respective operations. In 
In December 2012
Miller Lite
 Miller High Life
 Milwaukee's Best
 Mickey's
 Olde English
 Miller Genuine Draft
. We subsequently filed a lawsuit in Ontario
 Canada (Molson Canada 2005 v. Miller Brewing Company
 Sup. Ct. of Justice-Ontario
 CV-12-470589) and on June 20
 2013
 were granted an injunction preventing Miller's termination of the License Agreement
 pending a trial on the merits. During December 2013
 upon completion of discovery and exchange of affidavits
 both parties requested an extension of the trial and entered into private settlement discussions. Based on the best information available at the time
 these developments resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of $17.9 million recorded as a special item within our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2013. On October 9
 2014
 we executed a settlement agreement with Miller. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement
 we will continue to operate under the License Agreement until March 31
 2015
 at which time all of our operations with regards to the Miller brands in Canada will terminate. We received half of the mutually agreed upon settlement payment following the execution of the settlement and will receive the remainder upon transition at the end of the first quarter of 2015. Order of official dismissal of the lawsuit was granted by the court on November 24
In the third quarter of 2014
 we updated our assessment of the associated definite-lived intangible asset for impairment. The analysis
 primarily factoring in the settlement payments
&#32;for the definite-lived intangible asset
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;and is indicative of the remaining settlement amount plus the future cash flows expected to be generated under the License Agreement through March 31
 2015. We recognized net sales related to the License Agreement of 
 
 
 respectively. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
On December 12
 2014
 a notice of action captioned David Hughes and 631992 Ontario Inc. v. Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 Brewers Retail Inc.
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP
 Molson Coors Canada and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. No. CV-14-518059-00CP was filed in Ontario
 Canada. Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI) and its owners
 including Molson Coors Canada
 as well as the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) are named as defendants in the action. The plaintiffs allege that The Beer Store (retail outlets owned and operated by BRI) and LCBO improperly entered into an agreement to fix prices and market allocation within the Ontario beer market to the detriment of licensees and consumers. The plaintiffs seek to have the claim certified as a class action on behalf of all Ontario beer consumers and licensees and
 among other things
 damages in the amount of Canadian Dollar (CAD) 1.4 billion. Although we are at an early stage of the proceedings
 we note that The Beer Store operates according to the rules established by the Government of Ontario for regulation
 sale and distribution of beer in the province. Additionally
 prices at The Beer Store are independently set by each brewer and are approved by the LCBO on a weekly basis. Accordingly
 we intend to vigorously assert and defend our rights in this lawsuit. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
We are involved in other disputes and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of these proceedings
 in our opinion
 based on a review with legal counsel
 none of these disputes and legal actions is expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
ITEM 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
Our Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;B common stock trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols TAP.A and TAP, respectively. In addition
 the Class&#160;A exchangeable shares and Class&#160;B exchangeable shares of our indirect subsidiary
 Molson Coors Canada&#160;Inc.
 trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TPX.A and TPX.B, respectively. The Class&#160;A and B exchangeable shares are a means for shareholders to defer tax in Canada and have substantially the same economic and voting rights as the respective common shares. The exchangeable shares can be exchanged for our Class&#160;A or B common stock at any time and at the exchange ratios described in the Merger documents
 and receive the same dividends. At the time of exchange
February&#160;6
 2015
Class&#160;A common stock
Class&#160;B common stock
2
2
&#32;as reported by the New York Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the New York Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the Toronto Stock Exchange
&#32;as reported by the Toronto Stock Exchange
The following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return over the last five fiscal years with the Standard and Poor's 500 Index&#174; (S&amp;P&#160;500) and a customized index including MCBC
 SABMiller
 ABI
 Carlsberg
 Heineken and Asahi (the Peer Group). We have used a weighted-average based on market capitalization to determine the return for the Peer Group. The graph assumes $100 was invested on December&#160;26
 2009 (the last trading day of our 2009 fiscal year) in our Class&#160;B common stock
 the S&amp;P&#160;500 and the Peer Group
The Peer Group represents the weighted-average based on market capitalization of the common stock of MCBC
 SABMiller
 ABI
 Carlsberg
On February 10
 2015
 we declared an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A and Class B shareholders of record on February 27
 2015.&#160;This dividend represents an 11% increase from the most recent quarter&#8217;s dividend of $0.37 per share. In addition
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. (TSX: TPX.B
 TPX.A)
 declared a quarterly dividend of the Canadian dollar equivalent of $0.41 per share using the February 10
 2015 noon spot exchange rate as reported by the Bank of Canada
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A exchangeable and Class B exchangeable shareholders of record on February 27
On February 10
 2015
 we announced that our Board of Directors approved and authorized a new program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our Class A and Class B common stock. The program has an expected term of four years from the date of our announcement and we plan to repurchase our stock
 principally in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The number
 price and timing of the repurchases will be at our sole discretion and will be evaluated depending on market conditions
 liquidity needs or other factors. Our Board of Directors may suspend
 modify or terminate the program at any time without prior notice. Concurrent with the announcement of this new program
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. For further information
(In millions
4
4
3
3
3
13
15
16
12
12
1
2
3
3
1
1
On November 14
 2013
&#32;week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
Reflects activity as a result of our acquisition of StarBev Holdings S.a.r.l. on June 15
 2012. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 3
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified that we had incorrectly omitted the recognition of a liability for specific uncertain tax positions related to fiscal year 2010 that resulted in an immaterial misstatement of income tax expense within the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 25
 2010
 as well as the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings within the consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 December 31
 2011
 and December 25
 2010. We determined the impact of the correction of this error to be too significant to record within our second quarter 2014 results and
 therefore
 revised our historical statement of operations and balance sheets accordingly. To correct for this error
 we have revised the impacted line items reported above
 as well as the unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2013. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is provided to assist in understanding our company
 operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to
 and read in conjunction with
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes included within Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in Part I&#8212;Item&#160;1 Business and Part I&#8212;Item&#160;1A Risk Factors
On November 14
 2013
&#32;week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
 with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. Beginning January 1
 2014
 quarterly results reflect the three month periods ending March 31
 June 30
 September 30 and December 31. This change aligned our fiscal year and interim reporting periods with our Central Europe business and MillerCoors
 which were already following a monthly fiscal reporting calendar. Unless otherwise indicated
 (a)&#160;all $ amounts are in U.S. Dollars (USD)
 (b)&#160;comparisons are to comparable prior periods
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;refers to the period from December 30
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
In addition to financial measures presented on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP)
 we also present pretax and after-tax underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying effective tax rate, and underlying free cash flow, which are non-GAAP measures and should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations presented under U.S.&#160;GAAP. We also present underlying earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (underlying EBITDA) as a non-GAAP measure. Our management uses underlying income
 underlying income per diluted share
 underlying EBITDA
 underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow as measures of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis; as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations; in communications with the board of directors
 stockholders
 analysts and investors concerning our financial performance; as useful comparisons to the performance of our competitors; and as metrics of certain management incentive compensation calculations. We believe that underlying income
 underlying income per diluted share
 underlying EBITDA
 underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow performance are used by and are useful to investors and other users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because they provide an additional tool to evaluate our performance without regard to special and non-core items
 which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets and capital structure. We have provided reconciliations of all non-GAAP measures to their nearest U.S. GAAP measure and have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-GAAP measure. These adjustments consist of special items from our U.S. GAAP financial statements (see Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
&#32;of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Notes) for additional disclosure) as well as other non-core items
 such as acquisition and integration related costs
 unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses
 and gains and losses on sales of non-operating assets
In addition to the non-GAAP measures noted above
 we have certain operational measures
 such as sales-to-wholesalers (&#8220;STWs&#8221;) and sales-to-retailers (&#8220;STRs&#8221;)
 which we believe are useful metrics to management and investors in evaluating our operations.&#160;STW is a metric that we use in our U.S. business to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers
 generally wholesalers.&#160;We believe the STW metric is important because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. STR is a metric that we use in our Canada and U.S. businesses to refer to sales closer to the end consumer than STWs
 which generally means sales from our wholesalers or our company to retailers
 who in turn sell to consumers.&#160;We believe the STR metric is important because
 unlike STWs
We are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands
Carling

 
 as well as craft and specialty beers such as 
Cobra
. For more than 350 combined years
 we have been brewing high-quality
 innovative products 
 our net income from continuing operations attributable to MCBC declined in 2014 compared to 2013
 however
 we grew underlying after-tax earnings
 free cash flow and EBITDA
 and exceeded our targets for cost savings
 cash generation and significantly reduced our outstanding debt. Weak consumer demand continued across our largest markets
 but we continued to focus on building a stronger brand portfolio
 delivering value-added innovation
 strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in the above-premium segment. We also continued to improve our sales execution and revenue management capabilities
 increase the efficiency of our operations
 implement common systems and focus on generating higher returns for our invested capital
 managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. Excluding the impact of foreign currency changes and the loss of the Modelo brands in Canada following the termination of our Molson Modelo Inc. (MMI) joint venture
 all of our segments achieved improved underlying profit performance in 2014 versus 2013. We grew our global above-premium volume
 net pricing and sales mix
&#32;in the U.K.
&#32;in the U.S.
 U.K. and our international markets. Our emerging cider portfolio delivered strong growth
&#32;in Canada
&#32;performance in Canada and the U.S.
 however
 
&#32;per diluted share
&#32;from a year ago
 primarily due to a $124.4 million increase in net special charges versus the prior year
 driven by increased impairments of intangible assets in 2014
 partially offset by termination fee income associated with our MMI joint venture in Canada. Additionally
 underlying after-tax income of 
&#32;per diluted share
 increased 
 primarily due to an increase in underlying income in Europe and the U.S.
 partially offset by lower underlying income in Canada. Our underlying income excludes special and other non-core gains
&#32;pretax charge
 as explained below. 
 primarily due to lower volumes in the U.S. and Canada
 partially offset by increased volumes from MCI. Additionally
 consolidated net sales decreased 
 driven by negative impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower volumes in Canada
$1
272.6 million
$1
168.2 million
 compared to 
. These increases in operating cash flow and underlying free cash flow are driven by increased distributions from our investment in MillerCoors
 as well as lower cash paid for pension contributions
 capital expenditures
 interest and taxes
 along with higher underlying income
&#32;during the year
 primarily due to the repayment of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings and borrowings on our Euro credit facility
&#32;convertible note
 partially offset by increased balances on our overdraft facility. Additionally
 the net underfunded position of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans
 excluding those of MillerCoors and other equity method investments
 increased by 
 primarily driven by the decrease in the weighted-average discount rates used
In our Canada segment
 we drove positive pricing and sales mix
 achieved significant cost savings
 and invested in improving the efficiency of our brewery network
 due to income received from the termination of our MMI joint venture
 recorded within special items. Our underlying pretax income decreased by 
of terminating our MMI joint venture in the first quarter of 2014
In the U.S.
 MillerCoors grew net sales per hectoliter and increased the percent of sales in above premium
. In the fourth quarter of 2014
&#32;increased sales to retail for the first time since 2007
 benefiting from a redesign based on the brand&#8217;s authenticity and heritage. In 2014
Redd&#8217;s
 Blue Moon
 while underlying equity income in MillerCoors increased 
 primarily driven by higher net pricing
 favorable brand mix and cost savings
In our Europe segment
 although consumer demand remained weak
 our business delivered higher net sales and underlying pretax earnings. Additionally
 despite the weak economy and significant flooding in some of our highest share markets
 we maintained market share across the region versus the prior year on the strength of our core brands
 above-premium portfolio and innovation. In addition to the core brand performances mentioned below
 our craft and above-premium brands performed well
Cobra
 Coors Light
 Doom Bar
 versus income from continuing operations of 
 compared to 
 due to higher net sales
 as well as lower supply chain costs and lower general and administrative expenses
In our MCI segment
 we drove significant growth in terms of volume
 net sales and gross profit in 2014
 despite the continuing challenges in Ukraine and Russia. Our 
 driven by a gain classified as specials items recognized on the sale of our MC Si'hai joint venture in China during the fourth quarter of 2013
&#32;versus 2013
 as a result of strong top-line growth and cost control. 
 the number one beer brand in the U.K. and the largest brand in our Europe segment
 declined slightly in terms of volume in the year
grew volume more than 20% in the U.K.
 where it is now our second largest brand
 and it is growing even faster in our Latin American markets. Due to continued competitive and industry pressures
&#32;in Canada decreased slightly in terms of volume and market share in 2014
 but held share in its segment and had stronger 2014 activations
volume decreased overall in 2014 versus 2013
 mainly driven by overall industry declines and challenges in Czech Republic
&#32;primary market
 as well as declines in our international markets of Russia and Ukraine
 as a result of political and economic instability. Despite severe flooding in Central Europe this year
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
 and provides a reconciliation of underlying income
 a non-GAAP measure
 to its nearest U.S. GAAP measure. See Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
4
4
3
Special items
42% of MillerCoors special items
Acquisition
Non-GAAP: Underlying income attributable to MCBC from continuing operations
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
December&#160;31
 2014
See Results of Operations
 United States Segment under the sub-heading 
In connection with the acquisition of StarBev in 2012 (Acquisition)
 we recognized fees in marketing
&#32;and $40.2 million in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
Concurrent with the announcement of the Acquisition
 we entered into a bridge loan agreement
 which we terminated upon the closing of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes. In connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan
 we incurred debt fees of $13.0 million in the second quarter of 2012 recorded as other expense. Additionally
 in advance of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes
 we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk in the second quarter of 2012 by entering into standard pre-issuance U.S. Treasury interest rate hedges (Treasury Locks).&#160;This resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes during which we recognized a cash loss of $39.2 million on settlement of the Treasury Locks recorded as interest expense. Further
purchase Euros. As a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition
 we realized a foreign exchange loss of $57.9 million on our Euro cash holdings in the second quarter of 2012 recorded as other expense. We also recognized $10.7 million of interest expense in the second quarter of 2012 on our $1.9 billion senior notes prior to the closing of the Acquisition and $0.9 million of additional interest expense in the third quarter of 2012. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 6
Note 13
As part of the allocation of the consideration transferred for the Acquisition
 Central Europe's inventory value was increased by $8.6 million to its fair value in accordance with U.S. GAAP in the second quarter of 2012. This resulted in a corresponding decline in gross profit after the Acquisition date of June 15
 2012
We issued a &#8364;500 million Zero Coupon Senior Unsecured Convertible Note (Convertible Note) to the Seller in conjunction with the closing of the Acquisition. The Convertible Note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. In 2013 and 2012
 we recognized an unrealized loss of 
 respectively
 recorded as interest expense related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. On August 13
 2013
&#32;incremental to the Convertible Note's principal. Upon settlement
 $0.8 million was recognized as the realized gain on settlement of the conversion feature
 which was initially recorded as a liability of $15.2 million when issued in the second quarter of 2012. Additionally
 within other income (expense)
 we recorded unrealized gains of 
 
 respectively
&#32;during 2013 related to foreign exchange contracts and cash positions entered into to hedge our risk associated with the payment of this foreign denominated debt. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
Note 17
Additionally
 the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships are recorded as cost of goods sold within our Corporate business activities. As the exposure we are managing is realized
 we reclassify the gain or loss to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides
 allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. Related to these derivatives
 we recorded unrealized losses of $4.2 million and $2.7 million in 
 respectively
 and an unrealized gain of $3.0 million in 
 we recognized a gain of $11.3 million within marketing
In 2013
&#32;within other income related to the sales of non-core investment assets. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 6
In 2012
&#32;related to a sale of water rights recorded as other income. Additionally
 other non-core items for 2012 include costs recognized related to the Molson Coors Si'hai joint venture
In the fourth quarter of 2012
 the Serbian government increased statutory corporate income tax rates from 10% to 15%
 effective January 1
 2013. As a result of the impact of the rate change on differences between the book basis and tax basis of intangible and other assets purchased in the Acquisition
 we increased our deferred tax liability by
 and recognized income tax expense of
The effect of noncontrolling interest on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying income
 a non-GAAP measure
 is calculated based on our ownership percentage of our subsidiaries from which each adjustment arises. This adjustment relates to the goodwill impairment charge in our MC Si'hai joint venture
The effect of taxes on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying net income
 a non-GAAP measure
 is calculated based on applying the underlying full-year effective tax rate to underlying earnings
 excluding special and non-core items. The effect of taxes on special and non-core items is calculated based on the statutory tax rate applicable to the item being adjusted for in the jurisdiction from which each adjustment arises. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
 and provides a reconciliation of underlying EBITDA
 a non-GAAP measure
 to its nearest U.S. GAAP measure. See Part II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
Add: Interest expense (income)
1
1
1
Represents adjustments to remove amounts related to interest
 depreciation and amortization included in the adjustments to non-GAAP underlying income above
Adjustments to our equity income from MillerCoors
 which include our proportionate share of MillerCoors' interest
 income tax
 depreciation and amortization
 special items
Worldwide beer volume (including adjacencies
 such as cider) is composed of our financial volume
 royalty volume and proportionate share of equity investment STR. Financial volume represents owned beer brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographical markets
 net of returns and allowances. Royalty beer volume consists of our brands produced and sold by third parties under various license and contract-brewing agreements. Equity investment STR brand volume represents our ownership percentage share of volume in our subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method
 including MillerCoors and Modelo Molson Imports
 L.P. (MMI)
 our joint venture in Canada with Grupo Modelo&#160;S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo). We finalized the termination of our MMI joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. As such
December&#160;31
 2014
 includes our percentage share of volume in MMI through the transition period ended February 28
 2014. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
Includes MCI segment royalty volume that is primarily in Russia
 Ukraine and Mexico
 and Europe segment royalty volume in Republic of Ireland.  
 primarily due to lower volumes in the U.S. and Canada
 partially offset by increased volumes from MCI. Worldwide beer volume increased in 
 primarily due to including a full year of Central Europe volumes
 as well as increased volumes in the U.K.
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Price
 Product and Geography Mix
 totaling more than $70 million
&#32;of approximately $143 million
 of which our 42% share is approximately $60 million. 
 a decrease of 
primarily due to decreased amortization of our intangible assets
 as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. Depreciation and amortization expense was 
 an increase of 
Our effective tax rate
 a U.S. GAAP measure
 was approximately 
. Our effective tax rates were significantly lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses
&#32;due to the settlement of our advance pricing agreement between the U.S. and Canada tax authorities
 and the favorable settlement of certain unrecognized tax positions in several jurisdictions. Our 2014 and 2013 effective tax rate and underlying effective tax rate
 a non-GAAP measure
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Additionally
 our unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $78.1 million
 primarily driven by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions
 the settlement of certain tax audits and the expiration of various statutes of limitation. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
Discontinued operations are associated with the formerly-owned Cervejarias Kaiser Brasil&#160;S.A. (Kaiser) business in Brazil and the related indemnity obligations to FEMSA Cerveza&#160;S.A. de C.V. (FEMSA) related to purchased tax credits and other tax
 civil and labor issues. Our results in 2012 also include amounts related to discontinued operations associated with a distributorship litigation which was settled in 2012. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
2
2
2
1
1
2
(1
(1
(1
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
In the fourth quarter of 2014
 we entered into an agreement with SABMiller (Miller) for the accelerated termination of our license agreement
 effective March 2015
 under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller products in Canada. As a result
 beginning in the second quarter of 2015 we will no longer distribute the Miller brands in Canada
 which will adversely impact our volume and sales prospectively. Additionally
 in the fourth quarter of 2014
 we became aware of a legal dispute related to Brewers' Retail
 Inc. (BRI)
 our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution and retail sale of beer in Ontario
 which could result in an adverse impact to our future results. Further
 we finalized the termination of our MMI joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. As such
December&#160;31
 2014
 include our percentage share of the MMI results through the transition period ended February 28
 2014. See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
Note 19
 Commitments and Contingencies
 the Canadian Dollar (CAD) depreciated versus the USD on an average basis
&#32;USD earnings before income taxes and USD underlying pretax income
 respectively. During 
 the CAD depreciated against the USD on an average basis
&#32;USD earnings before income taxes and USD underlying pretax income
 respectively. Included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. The impact of transaction gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
 driven by the termination of the MMI joint venture
 decline in the overall industry
 weak economic factors
 increased competitor promotional activity and unfavorable weather across key regions this year. 
 due to the continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands.
 driven by favorable pricing and mix shift to higher priced brands and packages.
 driven by higher beer excise taxes in Quebec
 weak economic conditions
. As a result
 our market share declined slightly on a full-year basis.
 due to continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands and in Quebec
 partially offset by export business results.
 driven by favorable pricing and export business results offset by mix shift to lower priced brands and packages.
 driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage
 the termination of the Modelo joint venture
 sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages
 and increased promotional packaging expense. These factors were partially offset by cost savings. Under the MMI arrangement
 we recognized equity earnings within cost of goods sold of 
 
 during the years ended 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage
 sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages
 increased promotional packaging expense
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 
 driven by cost savings
 partially offset by higher marketing spending and incentive compensation
 as well as cycling administrative cost recoveries from MMI. During the years ended 2014
 2013 and 2012
 MCC recognized administrative cost recoveries under our agency and services agreement with MMI of $0.7 million
 $6.8 million and $7.5 million
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 3.2% in local currency in 
December 31
December 31
December 31
(In millions
8
8
8
(1
(1
(1
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
Special items
1
1
1
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
Special items
1
1
1
Includes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
December 31
December 31
December 31
(In millions
1
1
1
MCBC proportionate share of MillerCoors special items
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
&#32;of the Notes
Price
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2012
 driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios
&#32;Redd's
 Blue Moon
 Leinenkugel's
 driven by the decline in STRs
 while contract brewing volume increased slightly.
 driven by favorable net pricing and positive brand mix. Total net sales per hectoliter
 including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
 increased 2.8% in 
 driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios
and high single digit growth in Tenth and Blake
Leinenkugel's
. Domestic STWs decreased 3.0% versus 2012
 driven by the decline in STRs
 while contract brewing volume declined slightly.
 driven by net pricing and brand mix. Total net sales per hectoliter
 including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales
 increased 3.3% in 
 driven by commodity and brewery inflation
 lower fixed-cost absorption
 and higher costs associated with brand innovation.  
 driven by commodity and brewery inflation and higher costs associated with brand innovation
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 
 driven primarily by cost reductions
 lower pension expenses and promotional spending
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased in 
Special items
 net
 MillerCoors recognized special charges of 
 MillerCoors recognized special charges of 
 MillerCoors recognized special charges of $31.8 million
MillerCoors distributes its excess cash to its owners
 SABMiller and MCBC
 on a 58% - 42% basis
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 MillerCoors had cash of $9.3&#160;million and $12.3&#160;million
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 MillerCoors had total debt of $1.7&#160;million and $10.6 million
MillerCoors recognized $311.1&#160;million
 $291.5 million and $285.4&#160;million of depreciation and amortization during 
 
 respectively.
)
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;29
(In millions
3
3
2
3
(1
(1
(1
(1
2
2
1
2
(1
(1
(1
(1
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
Actual Europe results for 2012 include the actual results for the U.K. for the full year 2012 combined with the actual results for Central Europe from the Acquisition date of June 15
 2012
 through December 31
 2012. 
&#32;hectoliters
&#32;hectoliters
 respectively and 
&#32;of net sales
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
Pro forma amounts for 2012 include the results of operations for StarBev from January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 (Pro Forma Central Europe) and on a combined basis with the actual results of our historical post acquisition Central Europe and U.K. segments (Pro Forma Combined) for the year ended December 29
 2012. These amounts also include pro forma adjustments as if StarBev had been acquired on January 1
 2012
 the first day of our 2012 fiscal year
 including the effects of acquisition accounting as described below and eliminating non-recurring costs and expenses directly related to the transaction
 but do not include adjustments for costs related to integration activities
 cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. Pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what the results would have been had we operated the businesses since January 1
 2012
indicative of the results that may be obtained in the future. Financial information for StarBev is from audited annual and unaudited interim financial information in Euros derived from StarBev's underlying books and records maintained in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and translated to USD using quarterly average exchange rates during each period indicated. Based on our review of StarBev's historical financial statements and understanding of the differences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS
To align StarBev to U.S. GAAP and to our accounting policies
 StarBev's historical net sales were reduced by $25.4 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 to reflect reclassifications relating primarily to the treatment of payments made to customers. Specifically
 in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 these customer payments are considered a reduction of net sales and
 therefore
 have been reclassified from marketing
 general and administrative expenses. These amounts include $6.3 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
To align StarBev to U.S. GAAP and to our accounting policies
 StarBev's historical cost of goods sold were increased by $37.6 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 to reflect U.S. GAAP reclassifications from the financial statements of StarBev to align their presentation with ours. This adjustment primarily relates to the reclassification of $39.0 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 of distribution and logistics costs from marketing
 general and administrative expenses to cost of goods sold. Additionally
 there were $2.1 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 of production equipment-related gains that were reclassified from marketing
 general and administrative expenses to cost of goods sold. We also made pro forma adjustments to cost of goods sold for an increase of $1.7 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 resulting from the purchase price allocation for the Acquisition primarily driven by the amortization of the fair value of a favorable malting agreement within other intangibles offset in part by adjustments to decrease depreciation as a result of changes in the fair value of properties. Additionally
To align StarBev to U.S. GAAP and to our accounting policies
 StarBev's marketing
 general and administrative expenses were reduced by $64.6 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 to reflect reclassifications from the financial statements of StarBev to align presentation with ours. Along with the reclassifications discussed in notes (6) and (7) above
 $2.3 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 was added to marketing
 general and administrative expenses to align recognition of various other immaterial items. We also made pro forma adjustments to reduce depreciation and amortization expense by $1.5 million for the pre-Acquisition period of January 1
 2012
 to June 15
 2012
 to reflect the purchase price adjustments related to the valuations of properties and other intangibles. Additionally
 for the year ended December 29
 2012
 $2.5 million in acquisition-related costs incurred in the second quarter of 2012 that are reflected in the historical post-Acquisition MCBC results were removed from marketing
 general and administrative expenses
 as they are non-recurring and directly related to the Acquisition. In order to provide meaningful trend analysis
Our contract for the distribution of the Modelo brands in the U.K. expired as of December 31
 2014
 and the termination of our contract brewing arrangement with Heineken in the U.K. will be effective at the end of April 2015. As a result of the loss of these agreements
 we are taking actions to lessen the impact of losing this revenue. Additionally
 during the fourth quarter of 2014
 we received an assessment from a local country regulatory authority in Europe.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position
 if the assessment
 as issued
 is ultimately upheld it could materially affect our results of operations.&#160;See Part I&#8212;Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
Our Europe segment operates in numerous countries within Europe
 and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. During 
 foreign currency movements reduced our Europe USD loss from continuing operations before income taxes by $8.8 million
 and increased USD underlying pretax income by $7.7 million. During 2013
 foreign currency movements negatively impacted our Europe USD income from continuing operations before income taxes by $2.8 million
 and positively impacted our USD underlying pretax income by $4.6 million. On a pro forma basis
 foreign currency movements negatively 
 due to weak consumer demand
 as well as the impacts of significant flooding in the Balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. These factors were partially offset by improved performance in Hungary
 Romania
The business held market share overall
 despite significant flooding in some of our highest share markets.
 due to positive mix.
 on a pro forma basis
 due to weak consumer demand
 negative channel and package mix
 as well as the impacts of a flood in Czech Republic in June 2013. These factors were partially offset by improved performance in the U.K.
During 2013
 the business delivered year over year growth in almost all key markets.
 on a pro forma basis
 due to positive net pricing and brand mix.
 primarily driven by lower supply chain and distribution costs offsetting negative mix impact. 
 on a pro forma basis
 primarily driven by adverse mix shift to higher cost packages
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 
 driven by cost savings
 the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter and a non-core gain related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax reserve during the first quarter of 2014
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses increased 5.3% in local currency in 
 on a pro forma basis
Special items
Due to the continued macroeconomic challenges and worsening of the overall European economic environment
 as well as significant flooding that occurred in certain of our Central European markets in the second quarter of 2014
&#32;related to the impairment of indefinite-lived intangible brands in Europe. If the macroeconomic environment continues to worsen or falls into recession
 or certain brands continue to decline in volume
 there is a risk of further impairment of certain brands in the future. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December 29
(In millions
Marketing
Special items
Other income (expense)
Special items
&#32;hectoliters
 1.141 million hectoliters and 0.810 million hectoliters in 
 
 respectively.
 
 
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
Total sales volume
 including royalty volumes
 increased 19.8% and sales volume
 excluding royalty volume
 increased by 
 due to strong 
Sales volume
 including royalty volumes
 increased 12.6% in 
 due to the addition of the Central Europe export and license business
&#32;growth in Latin America markets
&#32;travel and export business to the Europe segment. Excluding royalty sales (primarily in Mexico and Eastern Europe)
Net sales per hectoliter increased 0.3% in 2013 versus 2012
 driven by positive geographic mix
 higher net pricing in China and the addition of contract brewing volume in India.
 due to sales mix changes
 foreign currency movement and geography mix. 
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
 due to increases in marketing investments
 partially offset by lower overhead expenses and foreign currency movements.
 due to lower marketing spending in low-margin accounts in China
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
Marketing
Special items
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Special items
See Part II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses decreased in 
Interest expense
 net
 driven by our ongoing efforts focused on deleveraging over the last year
 which resulted in lower interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings
 as well as an additional loss of $5.4 million included in 2013
 related to the change in fair value on the conversion feature associated with the &#8364;500 million convertible note.
 primarily driven by additional interest amounts incurred in 2012 related to financing activities in connection with the Acquisition
Other income (expense)
Other expense in 2012 was primarily driven by a $57.9 million foreign exchange loss in 2012 on our Euro cash holdings when we used the proceeds from our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes to purchase Euros and experienced a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition. Additionally
 concurrent with the announcement of the Acquisition
 we entered into a bridge loan agreement
 which we terminated upon the closing of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes. In connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan
 we incurred debt fees of $13.0 million in 2012. Also
 we recognized a net unrealized foreign exchange loss of $23.8 million related to financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the closing of the Acquisition in 2012. Finally
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 6
Our primary sources of liquidity include cash provided by operating activities
 access to external borrowings and monetization of assets. We believe that cash flows from operations
 including distributions from MillerCoors
 and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings
 when necessary
 will be more than adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements
 scheduled principal and interest payments on debt
 anticipated dividend payments
 potential share repurchases and capital expenditures for the next twelve months
 and our long-term liquidity requirements. A significant portion of our trade receivables are concentrated in Europe. While these receivables are not concentrated with any specific customer and our allowance on these receivables factors in collectibility
A significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities is generated outside the U.S.
December&#160;31
 2014
 approximately 93% of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the U.S.
 largely denominated in foreign currencies. Most of the amounts held outside of the U.S.&#160;could be repatriated to the U.S.
 but under current law
 would be subject to U.S.&#160;federal and state income taxes
 less applicable foreign tax credits. We accrue for U.S.&#160;federal and state tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries upon repatriation. When the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S.
 we do not accrue U.S. federal and state tax consequences. We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. We periodically review and evaluate these strategies
 including external committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by MCBC and each of our operating subsidiaries. These financing arrangements
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 we had debt-free net working capital of positive 
 respectively. Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt are excluded from net working capital as they are not reflective of the ongoing operational requirements of the business. The levels of working capital required to run our business fluctuate with the seasonality in our business. Our working capital is also sensitive to foreign exchange rates
 as a significant majority of current assets and current liabilities are denominated in either CAD or our European operating currencies such as
 but not limited to
 GBP
 Euro
 Czech Koruna
 Croatian Kuna
 Serbian Dinar
 New Romanian Leu
 Bulgarian Lev and Hungarian Forint
December 31
December 31
1
1
(2
(2
Current liabilities as of December 31
 2013
Note 7
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
 is primarily related to an overall increase in cash balances due to additional cash used in the prior year for the repayment of long-term debt obligations in the third quarter of 2013
&#32;of net repayments on our commercial paper borrowings
&#32;and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 13
Our business generates positive operating cash flows each year
 and our debt maturities are of a longer-term nature. However
 our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in Part&#160;I
$1
272.6 million
. This increase was primarily due to higher net income
 adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs
 along with lower cash paid for pension contributions
 interest
$1
168.2 million
. This increase was primarily due to higher net income
 adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs
 including increases in our accounts payable and accrued trade payables balances
 driven by the addition of our Central Europe operations
 along with lower cash paid for interest
 partially offset by higher income tax payments and pension contributions.
This decrease was primarily driven by lower net investments in MillerCoors
Further
&#32;primarily due to the sale of our interest in our Tradeteam joint venture to DHL as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
Note 6
 Other Income and Expense
$2
This decrease was primarily driven by the $2
Additionally
 in 2012
Further
 proceeds from sales of properties and other assets increased $37.9 million in 2013 primarily due to the sale of our interest in our Tradeteam joint venture to DHL as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 5
Note 6
 Other Income and Expense
The decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily related to additional 2013 payments of long-term debt partially offset by additional 2014 net payments on revolving credit facilities and commercial paper. During 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds
 the &#8364;500 million convertible note (less the &#8364;44.9 million initially withheld) for 
Comparatively
 during 2014
 we released $61.4 million (&#8364;44.9 million) of the &#8364;500 million convertible note to the Seller. Additionally during 2014
&#32;in 2013. These payments in the current year were primarily driven by reducing the outstanding balances on our commercial paper borrowings and Euro-denominated revolving credit facility to zero. Additionally
 we had net borrowings on our European notional cross-border
&#32;for 2014. Comparatively
 we were not in an overdraft position as of December 31
 2013 or as of December 29
 2012
&#32;on our remaining cross currency swaps
 which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011
The decrease in cash used in financing activities during 2014
&#32;decrease in the proceeds from exercise of stock options
 including the related tax impact
$1
059.2 million
$1
This change from cash provided by to cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by the $2
195.4 million in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt associated with the Acquisition
 reduced by the related debt issue costs of $40.3 million
 during 2012. This amount was partially offset by payments during 2012 of $424.3 million and $105.0 million related to debt and overdraft balances
 respectively
 assumed in the Acquisition
During 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds
 the &#8364;500 million convertible note (less the &#8364;44.9 million initially withheld) for 
We additionally made $119.4 million in net interest and notional payments primarily associated with our cross currency swaps
 which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 driven by increased distributions from our investment in MillerCoors
 as well as lower cash paid for pension contributions
 capital expenditures
 interest and taxes
 along with higher underlying income
The following table provides a reconciliation of Underlying Free Cash Flow
 a non-GAAP measure
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
1
1
(1
(1
(1
1
1
Included in net cash provided by operating activities. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 8
December&#160;31
 2014
 we had total cash and cash equivalents of 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 consisted of fixed-rate senior notes
 with maturities ranging from 2015 to 2042
 including the CAD 900 million notes due September 2015. During 2014
&#32;notes due 2022 to floating rate debt. We also hold short-term borrowings primarily related to our overdrafts from our European cash pool and revolving credit facilities. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 13
Based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities
 we are confident in our ability to draw on such credit facilities if the need arises. During the third quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
. Additionally
&#32;revolving credit facility in the second quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
 as the borrowing capacity is reduced by borrowings under our commercial paper program. We also have Japanese Yen (JPY) and Euro (EUR) uncommitted lines of credit
Additionally
 during the second quarter of 2014
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
 and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions. The covenants specify that our leverage ratio cannot exceed 3.5x debt to EBITDA
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
&#32;of the Notes for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing
As discussed above
&#32;convertible note. Additionally during 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;revolving credit facility. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
 Debt
 and therefore
December&#160;31
 2014
As we continue to evaluate opportunities to deleverage
In 2014
. Our U.K. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. The most recent valuation as of June 30
 2013
) lump-sum contribution which was paid in January 2015
&#32;revolving credit facility
On February 10
 2015
 we declared an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A and Class B shareholders of record on February 27
 2015.&#160;This dividend represents an 11% increase from the most recent quarter&#8217;s dividend of $0.37 per share. In addition
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. (TSX: TPX.B
 TPX.A)
 declared a quarterly dividend of the Canadian dollar equivalent of $0.41 per share using the February 10
 2015 noon spot exchange rate as reported by the Bank of Canada
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A exchangeable and Class B exchangeable shareholders of record on February 27
On February 10
 2015
 we announced that our Board of Directors approved and authorized a new program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our Class A and Class B common stock with a program term of four years. Concurrent with the announcement of this new program
 we terminated our previously existing program that was announced in 2011 for the repurchase of up to $1.2 billion of our Class A and Class B common stock. There were no repurchases under the previously existing program in 
Our current long-term credit ratings are BBB+/Stable Outlook
 Baa2/Stable Outlook
 BBB/Stable Outlook and BBB/Stable Outlook with Standard and Poor's
 Moody's Investor Services
 Fitch Ratings and DBRS
 respectively. Similarly
 our short-term credit ratings are A-2
 Prime-2
 F2 and R-2
 respectively.&#160;A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy
 sell or hold securities
Foreign exchange risk is inherent in our operations primarily due to the significant operating results that are denominated in currencies other than USD. Our approach is to reduce the volatility of cash flows and reported earnings which result from currency fluctuations rather than business related factors. Therefore
 we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to foreign currency fluctuations. Our financial risk management policy is intended to offset a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on net income and earnings per share. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 17
Our consolidated financial statements are presented in USD
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December 29
 2012
Foreign currencies in the countries in which we operate
 specifically the CAD
 EUR
 CZK
 HRK and RSD
 have devalued significantly over the last few months. If these rates are maintained at similar levels throughout 2015
 then the impact on USD reported earnings may be material. 
 we incurred $291.3 million
 and paid 
 on capital improvement projects worldwide
 which excludes capital spending by MillerCoors and other equity method joint ventures
&#32;of approximately $330&#160;million
 excluding MillerCoors and other equity method joint ventures. The increase in planned expenditures from 2014 is primarily due to planned supply chain capital projects in Canada and keg purchases in Europe. We have increased our focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
3
1
1
1
2
7
2
1
3
See Part II - Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 13
 Debt
Note 16
 Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits
Note 17
Note 19
December&#160;31
 2014
 of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is 
 respectively. Defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors
 including actual plan asset returns and interest rates
 and as such
 have been excluded from the above table. We fund pension plans to meet the requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws. We may also voluntarily increase funding levels to meet financial goals. Pension contributions and postretirement benefit payments on a consolidated basis (excluding MillerCoors
. Excluding MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL
Our U.K. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. The most recent valuation as of June 30
 2013
) which was paid in January 2015
We have taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce our exposure to these long-term pension obligations
 including the closure of the U.K. pension plan in early 2009 to future earning of service credit and benefit modifications in several of our Canada plans. However
 given the net liability of these plans and their dependence upon the global financial markets for their financial health
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;of the total other long-term obligations relate to long-term supply contracts with third parties to purchase raw material
$1
&#32;relates to commitments associated with Tradeteam in the U.K. Our aggregate commitments for advertising and promotions
 including sports sponsorship
. The remaining amounts relate to derivative payments
 sales and marketing
 distribution
 information technology services
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding positions we would expect to settle using deferred tax assets
&#32;of indemnities provided to FEMSA for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows
We guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity investments and consolidated subsidiaries. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
December&#160;31
We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business
 environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of Kaiser to FEMSA. Additionally
 during the fourth quarter of 2014
 we received an assessment from a local country regulatory authority related to our Europe operations.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position
 if the assessment
 as issued
 is ultimately upheld it could materially affect our results of operations. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 our operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item 8 Financial Statements
Note 19
 Commitments and Contingencies
 we will continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio
 delivering value-added innovation
 strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in above premium
 craft and cider. We will do this while ensuring that we have a meaningful cost base and a deeply embedded focus on our approach to generating higher returns for our invested capital
 managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. Through 2015 and beyond
We anticipate that 2015 will
 however
 present various challenges
 including a higher effective tax rate versus 2014. Additionally
 we anticipate substantial challenges to our USD results due to the impact of foreign currency translation
 based on current foreign exchange rates
 as well as the impact of the termination of three business contracts during the year. Specifically
 we expect our 2015 financial results to be negatively affected in the U.K. by the termination of our Modelo distribution arrangement at the end of 2014 and the termination of our contract brewing arrangement with Heineken at the end of April 2015. Additionally
 we have agreed to terminate our license agreement for the distribution of the Miller brands in Canada
 effective at the end of March 2015. We expect the loss of these three contracts to negatively impact our 2015 pretax profit by approximately $40 million. We are taking actions to lessen the impact of losing these income streams
 including the proposed closure of our Alton brewery to adjust our U.K. cost base to reflect the loss of the Heineken contract volume
In Canada
 the market remains weaker than the U.S.
 and we intend to continue to invest in supply chain efficiency and capability and to streamline our Canada cost base. In core brands
&#32;just introduced the next chapter of its Beer Fridge campaign
&#32;will see more retail programing and new advertising early in 2015. In above-premium
Coors Banquet
 Molson Canadian Cider
. Last month
 we 
 a 6.4% ABV lager that is a refreshing alternative to spirits. This year
Strongbow
&#32;we are now marketing and distributing the rest of Heineken&#8217;s top-end import brands in Canada
Desperados
 Dos Equis
 Moretti
.&#160;In the regulatory arena
 as the Ontario government considers potential changes in the way beer is distributed in the largest Canada province
 we are working with The Beer Store organization to make this distribution system even better. We are expanding ownership opportunities to all Ontario brewers
 while continuing to offer the lowest pretax prices of any province to consumers
 among the highest tax revenues to the Ontario government
 strong environmental stewardship
In the U.S.
 our primary focus will be to drive share in American light lagers
. In 2014
&#32;to growth in the fourth quarter with a total brand overhaul and redesign focusing on the brand's authenticity and heritage. In 2015
&#32;to growth by re-staging the brand while maintaining our core messaging around Rocky Mountain refreshment. In addition
Redd&#8217;s
 Smith &amp; Forge
. We plan to continue to build first choice customer partnerships
 working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on-premise with our Building with Beer retail strategy
 which leverages the higher velocity and brand appeal of American light lagers. Overall
 we also expect to continue to invest significantly in our brands and information technology
In Europe
 the economy continues to struggle with weak overall consumer demand and a deflationary backdrop
 and we expect the continued growth of the value segment and lower-margin channels and package configurations to be challenges again in 2015. We plan to heavily invest in our major segment brands such as 
 
 while we continue the strong momentum of our above-premium
 craft and cider portfolio. We are also adding the Modelo brands to our international premium brand portfolio in Central Europe this year
&#32;in Latin America along with growth in our India business. At the same time
&#32;MCI cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a low-double-digit rate
&#32;marketing
 general and administrative expense in Corporate to be approximately $110 million.
December&#160;31
) lump sum payment made to our U.K. pension plan in January 2015. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL pension expense and contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here
 as they are not consolidated in our financial statements.
December&#160;31
Our tax rate is volatile and may move up or down with changes in
 among other things
 the amount and source of income or loss
 our ability to utilize foreign tax credits
 changes in tax laws
 and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire or positions are otherwise effectively settled. We expect our 2015 underlying tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. We expect our normalized long-term underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 24%
 assuming no further changes in tax laws
 settlement of tax audits
 or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. There are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business that
 if enacted
On February 10
 2015
 we declared an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A and Class B shareholders of record on February 27
 2015.&#160;This dividend represents an 11% increase from the most recent quarter&#8217;s dividend of $0.37 per share and continues to fall within our previously established range of 18% to 22% of underlying EBITDA. In addition
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. (TSX: TPX.B
 TPX.A)
 declared a quarterly dividend of the Canadian dollar equivalent of $0.41 per share using the February 10
 2015 noon spot exchange rate as reported by the Bank of Canada
 payable March 16
 2015
 to Class A exchangeable and Class B exchangeable shareholders of record on February 27
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on historical experience
 current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. We review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly
 including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates
 to ensure compliance with U.S. GAAP. However
 due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates
For a complete description of our significant accounting policies
 see Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 1
Our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in Canada
 the U.K. (within our Europe segment) and Japan (within our MCI segment). Our other postretirement benefit (OPEB) plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance for certain retirees in Canada
 the U.S.
 and Europe. The Canada and U.K. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded
Accounting for pension and OPEB plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and OPEB obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. These include the discount rate
 long-term expected rate of return on assets
 compensation trends
 inflation considerations
 health care cost trends and other assumptions
Specifically
 the discount rates
 as well as the expected rates of return on assets and plan asset fair value determination
 are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and OPEB benefit costs. We evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. We also
 with the help of actuaries
 periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors
 such as retirement age
 mortality and turnover
 and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. While we believe that our assumptions are appropriate
The assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective duration. The Canada pension and postretirement discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in the Canada market based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. The U.K. pension discount rate is based on information obtained from our actuary and reviewed in comparison with a published bond index reflective of the duration of our defined benefit pension obligations. We believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however
December&#160;31
 2014
 on a weighted-average basis
December&#160;31
 2013
 resulting from expectations for global gross domestic product (GDP) growth at a slower rate than prior years
December&#160;31
 2014
December 31
The assumed long-term expected return on assets (&#8220;EROA&#8221;) is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. We determine each plan's EROA with substantial input from independent investment specialists
 including our actuaries and other consultants. In developing each plan's EROA
 we consider current and expected asset allocations
 historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. In developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets
 we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth
 yields and spreads. The calculation includes inputs for interest
 inflation
 credit
 and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. Based on the above factors and expected asset allocations
 we have assumed
 on a weighted-average basis
. We believe that our EROA assumptions are appropriate; however
Our EROA assumptions are applied to each of our plan's assets using the market-related value
 which utilizes a delayed approach to recognition of asset-related gains and losses to reduce volatility resulting from significant market movements. Specifically
 while employer contributions and realized gains and losses (such as dividends received or gains and losses on sales of assets) are reflected immediately in the market-related value of assets
 each year's unrealized gains and losses are amortized into the market-related value over five years. Therefore
 significant divergences of actual returns from expected returns may not have an immediate impact on each of our plan's future net periodic pension costs; rather
 such differences will be amortized over the five years following the event. Therefore
difference between each plan's projected benefit obligation (&#8220;PBO&#8221;) and its assets' fair values. The fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. However
 considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value
Equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. Relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 16
December&#160;31
Our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs are also influenced by the potential amortization (or non-amortization) from accumulated other comprehensive income of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates. We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's amortization. This approach defines the &#8220;corridor&#8221; as the greater of 10% of the PBO or 10% of the market-related value of plan assets (as discussed above) and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants in Canada. As our U.K. plan is closed
 the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. If our actuarial losses significantly exceed this corridor in the future
 significant incremental pension and postretirement costs could result. As of year end 
 the deferred losses of several of our Canadian plans
 as well as those in our U.K. plan
The assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. We use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. Changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. An increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. We believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;to 4.5% in 2028
December&#160;31
. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 16
December&#160;31
Contingencies
Contingencies
 environmental and litigation reserves are recorded
 when probable
 using our best estimate of loss. This estimate
 involving significant judgment
 is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. These matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Following our initial determination
 we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. We disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible
 which requires significant judgment. As a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters
 the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. We recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt
 regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. In the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation
 due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding
 gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. If significant and probable
See Part I&#8212;Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
&#32;of the Notes for a discussion of our contingencies
December&#160;31
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. Therefore
determine if the components have similar economic characteristics. As a result
 in certain cases
 we have aggregated business units
 within an operating segment
 into one reporting unit if the specific aggregation criteria under U.S. GAAP is met. Specifically
 we have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segment each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Therefore
 the Canada and Europe reporting units are consistent with our operating segments. However
 for our India business
&#32;distribution rights in Canada
Carling




Our annual evaluation involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its respective carrying value
 including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds carrying value
 then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. If a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value
 a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. This step
 if required
 would include valuing all tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill. Then
goodwill. If the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill were to exceed the implied fair value of the goodwill
We use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units
 and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales
 costs and profits
 which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. Additionally
 discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital
 driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate
 as well as the credit ratings
 financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit
 among other factors. Discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand. Our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies
 which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates
Changes in the factors used in our fair value estimates
 including declines in industry or company-specific beer volume sales
 margin erosion
 termination of brewing and/or distribution agreements with other brewers
 and discount rates used
During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets from July 1
 the first day of our fiscal third quarter
 to October 1
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter. The change was made to more closely align the impairment testing date with our strategic and annual operating planning and forecasting process. The change in accounting principle is preferable
 as it will align the impairment testing data with the most current information available from the annual operating plan
 and allow for the completion of the annual impairment testing closer to the end of our annual reporting period. Based on the results of our testing performed as of October 1
 2014
 we concluded there were no impairments of goodwill within our Europe
 Canada or India reporting units or impairments of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. The results of our October 1
 2014
 testing were largely consistent with the results of our July 1
&#32;annual goodwill impairment testing determined that our Europe and Canada reporting units were at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. Specifically
&#32;in excess of carrying value
 respectively
 as of the October 1 testing date. Prior to recognizing the brand impairments discussed below
 the excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the Europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. The decrease was driven by challenging macroeconomic conditions in Europe negatively impacting our business
 as well as declines in the forecasts of certain European brands
 which have been adversely impacted by the expected prolonged recovery from recent flooding and an accelerated consumer trend to value brands. These impacts were partially offset by improvements to market multiples. The Canada reporting unit had a marginal decrease from the prior year primarily due to continued competitive pressures and economic weakness in the Canadian market
 partially offset by improved market multiples.
 our initial indefinite-lived intangible impairment testing performed as of July 1
 2014
&#32;indefinite-lived brand intangibles within our Europe segment were below their respective carrying values. As a result
&#32;brand was driven by ongoing macroeconomic challenges exacerbated by severe flooding in the Balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. This flooding caused significant damage to the infrastructure within the Serbian and Bosnian markets
&#32;is our primary brand
 which resulted in a decrease in the brand's projected cash flows. We have analyzed the potential impact of the flood to these markets and have incorporated a prolonged recovery in our projected cash flows based on recent assessments of the recovery efforts and resulting macroeconomic effects to the region. Additionally
&#32;brand was driven by the continued significant economic pressures in Croatia
primary market
 which resulted in a decline in the brand's projected cash flows. The macroeconomic environment has driven low realized and expected GDP growth and was worsened by the previously mentioned flooding during Croatia's peak tourism season
 along with the flooding in Bosnia
 discussed above
&#32;is also sold. These lower projected cash flows have lagged previously made assumptions based on forecasted macroeconomic recoveries
 resulting in the impairments. The remaining Europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values
brands
 while facing similar macroeconomic challenges
 were sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values
. Specifically
Niksicko
&#32;our primary brand in Montenegro
&#32;fair values is equal to its carrying value at the date of impairment
 these brands
 along with 
 are therefore at risk of future impairment
 as any additional decline in their forecasted future cash flows may result in a decrease to the fair value of the brand over its respective carrying value. The results of our subsequent testing performed as of October 1
 2014
 did not result in further impairment
 however
December&#160;31
 2014
Separately
&#32;core brands in excess of carrying value increased slightly from the prior year
 they continue to face significant competitive pressures and challenging macroeconomic conditions in the Canada market. These challenges continue to be offset by anticipated cost savings initiatives
December&#160;31
 2014
$2
&#32;brand distribution rights and our other indefinite-lived intangibles in Canada continue to be sufficiently in excess of their carrying values. We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
The Europe and Canada reporting units' goodwill
&#32;core brand intangible
 and certain indefinite-lived brand intangibles within Europe are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including significant delays in projected macroeconomic recovery
 greater-than-anticipated flood impacts to certain regions' performance
 or prolonged adverse economic conditions)
 terminal growth rates
 market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. For testing purposes
 management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. Current projections used for our Europe reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment
&#32;core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries
 as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures
 partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result
 there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the 2014 annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment test will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our Canada and Europe reporting units
&#32;core brand
Jelen
) may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows
 specifically
 a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs due to another natural disaster or other unknown event that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results
 a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends
away from core brands towards value brands in certain of our markets
 especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market
 unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets
 (ii)&#160;an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or continued worsening of the overall European economy)
 an inability of the market to successfully recover from the recent severe flooding in several of our Central European markets
 (iii)&#160;volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher discount rate; and (iv) sensitivity to market multiples.
 the discount rates used in developing our fair value estimates for each of our reporting units were 8.5%
 9.5% and 16.0% for our Canada
 Europe and India reporting units
&#32;testing of 10.5%
 10.5% and 16.0% for our Canada
 Europe and India reporting units
 respectively. Discount rates used for testing of indefinite-lived intangibles ranged from 7.5% to 14.0% considering the country specific risk premium for each geography in which our brands are based. The decrease in the discount rates is primarily due to a reduction in the unsystematic risk premium as we refined inputs compared to those used in our historical discounted cash flow analyses. Consistent with the prior year testing
 we assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of our water rights
 an indefinite-lived intangible
While historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values
 if our assumptions are not realized
Regarding definite-lived intangibles
 we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying asset for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. No such triggering events were identified in 
 with the exception of the settlement with Miller in Canada
December&#160;31
 2014
 the intangible has a remaining carrying value of 
 and is indicative of the remaining settlement amount plus the expected future cash flows expected to be generated under the License Agreement through March 31
 2015. We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset
 which include cash flow assumptions by management related to the transition period. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 19
December&#160;31
 2014
 the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets were 
 respectively. If actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions
 a material impairment charge may occur in the future. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 12
Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our global business
 there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Additionally
We are periodically subject to tax return audits by both foreign and domestic tax authorities
 which can involve questions regarding our tax positions. Settlement of any challenge resulting from these audits can result in no change
 a complete disallowance
 or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. We measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled
 the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. Our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable
We annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries&#8217; current year earnings. Separately
December&#160;31
 2014
 as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly
 have not provided for any U.S. federal or state tax thereon. In order to arrive at this conclusion
factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements and distributions from MillerCoors
 as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;of retained earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. Our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the U.S. It is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be significantly impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. While it is not practical to determine the amount of tax
We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income
 including the reversal of existing temporary differences
 historical and projected operating results
 and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. In the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. Likewise
 should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future
In May 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. The requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
See Part&#160;II-Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 2
In the normal course of business
 we actively manage our exposure to various market risks by entering into various supplier-based and market-based hedging transactions
The counterparties to our market-based transactions are generally highly rated institutions. We perform assessments of their credit risk regularly. Our market-based transactions include a variety of derivative financial instruments
We are exposed to volatility in interest rates with regard to current and future debt offerings. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 Canadian government rates
 EURIBOR and LIBOR. To mitigate this exposure and to achieve our desired fixed-to-floating rate debt profile
We use commodities in the production and distribution of our products. To manage the related price risk for these costs
 we utilize market-based derivatives and long-term supplier-based contracts. Our primary objective when entering into these transactions is to achieve price certainty for commodities used in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
Details of market-risk sensitive debt
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 17
December 31
December 31
CAD 900&#160;million
 5.0% fixed rate
CAD 500&#160;million
 3.95% fixed rate Series&#160;A notes
1
1
(1
(1
Our market sensitive derivative and other financial instruments
 as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
 are debt
 foreign currency forward contracts
 interest rate swaps and commodity swaps. We monitor foreign exchange risk
 interest rate risk
The following table presents the results of the sensitivity analysis
 which reflects the impact of a hypothetical 10% adverse change in each of these risks to our derivative and debt portfolios
 with the exception of interest rate risk to our interest rate swaps in which we have applied an absolute 1% adverse change to the respective instrument's interest rate. The volatility of the applicable rates and prices are dependent on many factors that cannot be forecast with reliable accuracy. Therefore
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31
 2014
 December&#160;31
 2013
 and December 29
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31
 2014
 December&#160;31
 2013
 and December 29
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2014
 and December&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31
 2014
 December&#160;31
 2013
 and December 29
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the three years ended December 31
 2014
 December&#160;31
 2013
 and December 29
The preparation
 integrity and objectivity of the financial statements and all other financial information included in this annual report are the responsibility of the management of Molson Coors Brewing Company. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
December&#160;31
. In making this assessment
. Based upon its assessment
 management concluded that
December&#160;31
 2014
PricewaterhouseCoopers&#160;LLP
 the Company's independent registered public accounting firm
 provides an objective
 independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting. Their accompanying report is based upon an examination conducted in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 including tests of accounting procedures
The Board of Directors
 operating through its Audit Committee composed of independent
 outside directors
 monitors the Company's accounting control systems and reviews the results of the Company's auditing activities. The Audit Committee meets at least quarterly
 either separately or jointly
 with representatives of management
 PricewaterhouseCoopers&#160;LLP
 and internal auditors. To ensure complete independence
February&#160;12
February&#160;12
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
&#32;in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A.  Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements
 on the financial statement schedule
 and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Denver
February&#160;12
(IN MILLIONS
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
5
5
5
(1
(1
(1
4
4
3
(2
(2
(2
1
1
1
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
Special items
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Total other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Trade
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $11.5 and $13.6
Other receivables
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $0.8 and $1.1
Maintenance and operating supplies
 less allowance for obsolete supplies of $5.0 and $6.8
1
1
Properties
 less accumulated depreciation of $1
343.2 and $1
458.7
1
1
2
2
Other intangibles
 less accumulated amortization of $359.6 and $513.7
5
6
2
2
Notes receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1.6 and $2.8
13
15
(IN MILLIONS
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Accounts payable and other current liabilities (includes affiliate payable amounts of $21.4 and $22.8
1
1
2
2
2
3
6
6
Preferred stock
Class&#160;A common stock
 $0.01 par value (authorized: 500.0 shares; issued and outstanding: 2.6&#160;shares and 2.6 shares
Class&#160;B common stock
 $0.01 par value (authorized: 500.0 shares; issued: 169.9&#160;shares and 167.2 shares
Class&#160;A exchangeable shares
 no par value (issued and outstanding: 2.9&#160;shares and 2.9 shares
Class&#160;B exchangeable shares
 no par value (issued and outstanding: 17.6&#160;shares and 19.0&#160;shares
3
3
4
4
Class B common stock held in treasury at cost (7.5 shares and 7.5 shares
7
8
7
8
13
15
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Loss (gain) on sale or impairment of properties and other assets
Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency fluctuations and derivative instruments
1
1
Acquisition of businesses
(2
(1
(1
(1
1
1
(2
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
2
(1
(1
1
1
Note 1
Note 3
Balance at December 31
7
3
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance at December 29
7
3
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Balance at December 31
8
4
3
Other comprehensive income (loss)
(1
(1
Balance at December 31
7
4
3
Unless otherwise noted in this report
 any description of we
 us or our includes Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC or the Company)
 principally a holding company
 and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within our reporting segments and Corporate. Our reporting segments include: Molson Coors Canada (MCC or Canada segment)
 operating in Canada; MillerCoors&#160;LLC (MillerCoors or U.S. segment)
 which is accounted for by us under the equity method of accounting
 operating in the United States (U.S.); Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment)
 operating in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Serbia
 Slovakia and the United Kingdom (U.K.); and Molson Coors International (MCI)
References to Central Europe reflect our operations in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Romania
 Serbia and Slovakia
 as a result of our acquisition (the Acquisition) of StarBev Holdings S.&#224; r.l. (StarBev) from StarBev L.P. (the Seller) on June 15
 2012
Unless otherwise indicated
On November 14
 2013
&#32;week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
 with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. Beginning January 1
 2014
 quarterly results reflect the three month periods ending March 31
 June 30
 September 30
 and December 31. This change aligned our fiscal year and interim reporting periods with our Central Europe business and MillerCoors
 which were already following a monthly fiscal reporting calendar. Unless otherwise indicated
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;refers to the period from December 30
 2012
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our majority-owned and controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries
 as well as certain variable interest entities (VIEs) for which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We deconsolidated our joint venture in China
 Molson Coors Si'hai (MC Si'hai)
 from our financial statements during the third quarter of 2012
Note 5
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable
 based on information available at the time they are made. To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
Our net sales represent the sale of beer and other malt beverages (including adjacencies
 such as cider) net of excise taxes
 the vast majority of which are brands that we own and brew ourselves. We import or brew and sell certain non-owned partner brands under licensing and related arrangements. In addition
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss
 are transferred to the customer or distributor depending upon the method of distribution and shipping terms. The cost of various programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupon programs are treated as a reduction of sales. In certain of our markets
 slotting or listing fees are paid to customers and are also treated as a reduction of sales. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise agreed upon credit terms. Sales are stated net of incentives
We do not have standard terms that permit return of product; however
In addition to supplying our own brands
 the U.K. business (within our Europe segment) sells other beverage companies' products to on-premise customers to provide them with a full range of products for their retail outlets. We refer to this as the factored brand business. Sales from this business are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold
 but the related volume is not included in our reported sales volumes. In the factored brand business
 we normally purchase inventory
 which includes excise taxes charged by the vendor
 take orders from customers for such brands
 and invoice customers for the product and related costs of delivery. In accordance with guidance pertaining to reporting revenue gross as a principal versus net as an agent
Payments made to customers are conditional on the achievement of volume targets
 marketing commitments
 or both. If paid in advance
&#32;years). Where there is no sufficiently separate identifiable benefit
 and the payment is linked to volumes
 or fair value cannot be established
 the amortization of the prepayment or the cost as incurred is included in sales discounts as a reduction to sales and where there are specific marketing activities/commitments
 the cost is included as marketing
In the U.K.
 loans are extended to a portion of the retail outlets that sell our brands. We reclassify a portion of beer revenue to interest income to reflect a market rate of interest on these loans. In fiscal years 
 
 these amounts were 
 
 and 
 respectively
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed excise taxes on beer shipments. Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. Taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
Our cost of goods sold includes costs we incur to make and ship beer. These costs include brewing materials
 such as barley
 hops and various grains. Packaging materials
 including glass bottles
 aluminum and steel cans
 cardboard and paperboard are also included in our cost of goods sold. Additionally
 our cost of goods sold include both direct and indirect labor
 shipping and handling including freight costs
 utilities
 maintenance costs
 depreciation
 promotional packaging
 other manufacturing overheads and costs to purchase factored brands from suppliers
Marketing
Our marketing
 general and administrative expenses include media advertising (television
 radio
 print)
 tactical advertising (signs
 banners
 point-of-sale materials) and promotion costs on both local and national levels within our operating segments. The creative portion of our advertising activities is expensed as incurred. Production costs of advertising and promotional materials are expensed when the advertising is first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively. Prepaid advertising costs of 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
This classification includes general and administrative costs for functions such as finance
 legal
 human resources and information technology
 which consist primarily of labor and outside services
 as well as bad debt expense related to our allowance for doubtful accounts. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 legal costs are expensed when incurred. These costs also include our marketing and sales organizations
 including labor and other overheads. This line item additionally includes amortization costs associated with intangible assets
Share-based compensation is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period of the awards. Certain share-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon change in control
 retirement
retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing service
 which for certain awards can result in immediate recognition for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or accelerated recognition for awards granted to individuals that will become retirement eligible within the stated vesting period. Also
 if less than the stated vesting period
 we recognize these costs over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved. We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
Our special items represent charges incurred or benefits realized that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification; specifically
infrequent or unusual items
impairment or asset abandonment-related losses
restructuring charges and other atypical employee-related costs
The items classified as special items are not necessarily non-recurring
 however
 they are deemed to be incremental to income earned or costs incurred by the company in conducting normal operations
Our equity income in MillerCoors represents our proportionate share for the period of the net income of our investment in MillerCoors accounted for under the equity method. This amount reflects adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
Interest Expense
Our interest costs are associated with borrowings to finance our operations. In addition to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents across our business
 interest income in the Europe segment is associated with trade loans receivable from customers
 primarily in the U.K. As noted above
Our other income (expense) classification primarily includes gains and losses associated with activities not directly related to brewing and selling beer. For instance
Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets
 liabilities
 and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Intraperiod tax allocation rules require that we allocate our provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings
 such as discontinued operations and other comprehensive income (loss). The application of these rules indicated that no additional tax expense should be allocated outside of continuing operations for all years presented. We provide for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the U.S.
we consider to be permanently reinvested. Interest
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified that we had incorrectly omitted the recognition of a liability for specific uncertain tax positions related to fiscal year 2010 that resulted in an immaterial misstatement of unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings within our historical reported consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 December 31
 2011 and December 25
 2010. We determined the impact of the correction of this error to be too significant to record within our second quarter 2014 results and
 therefore
 revised our historical balance sheets accordingly. To correct for this error
 in the second quarter of 2014
 we revised the unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2013
 and the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity as of December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 and December 31
 2011. This correction resulted in an increase in the current portion of unrecognized tax benefits included within accounts payable and other current liabilities of 
&#32;as of December 31
 2013
 and December 29
Note 7
Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) represents income and losses for the reporting period which are excluded from net income (loss) and recognized directly within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) as a component of equity. These amounts are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI in the future
 at which point they will be recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a component of net income (loss). We recognize OCI related to the translation of assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than USD
 unrealized gains and losses on the effective portion of our derivatives designated in hedging relationships
 actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
 as well as our proportionate share of our equity method investments' OCI. Additionally
 we do not have the expectation or intent to cash settle certain of our intercompany note receivable and note payable positions in the foreseeable future
&#160;days or less. Our cash deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with multiple
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Cash paid for taxes
Note 14
We record accounts and notes receivable at net realizable value. This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts and notes receivable balances. We calculate this allowance based on our country-specific history of write-offs
 level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with and the economic status of our customers
In the U.K.
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 total loans outstanding
 net of allowances
 were 
 respectively
 and are classified as either current or non-current notes receivable in our consolidated balance sheets. An allowance for credit losses is maintained to provide for loan losses deemed to be probable related to specifically identified loans and for losses in the loan portfolio that have been incurred at the balance sheet date. We establish our allowance through a provision for loan losses charged against earnings and recorded in marketing
 general&#160;and administrative expenses. Loan balances that are written off are recorded against the allowance as a write-off. Activity within the allowance is immaterial for fiscal years 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Maintenance and operating supplies include our inventories of spare parts
 which are kept on hand for repairs and maintenance of machinery and equipment. The majority of spare parts within our business include motors
 fillers and other components that are required to maintain a normal level of production in the event that expected maintenance and/or repairs are required. These parts are inventoried within current assets as they are reasonably expected to be used during the normal operating cycle of the business and are reserved for excess and obsolescence
Properties are stated at original cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
&#32;years. Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Costs of enhancements or modifications that substantially extend the capacity or useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated accordingly. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss
 if any
Returnable containers are recorded at acquisition cost and consist of returnable bottles
 kegs
 pallets and crates that are both in our direct control within our breweries
 warehouses and distribution facilities and those that we indirectly control in the market through our agreements with our customers and other brewers and for which a deposit is received. The deposits received on our returnable containers in the market are recorded as deposit liabilities
 included as current liabilities within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that the loss
&#160;years for pallets
&#160;years for bottles
&#32;years for crates
&#160;years for returnable kegs. We also own and maintain other equipment in the market related to delivery of our products to end consumers
&#32;years
depending on the market
 reflecting the use of the equipment
The costs of acquiring or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly-related payroll costs for internal resources
Properties held under capital lease are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life or the lease term
 whichever is shorter
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are considered components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. We have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segments each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Additionally
 we determined that the components within our MCI segment do not meet the criteria for aggregation
 and therefore
2014
 we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets from July 1
 the first day of our fiscal third quarter
 to October 1
&#32;owned investments where we exercise significant influence or VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary. Equity method investments include our equity ownership in MillerCoors in the U.S.
 along with Brewers' Retail
&#160;Inc. (BRI) and Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL) in Canada. In November 2013
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI) and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the Molson Modelo Imports
 L.P. (MMI) joint venture
Note 5
&#32;for further discussion. Additionally
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in Tradeteam&#160;Ltd (Tradeteam) (a transportation and logistics joint venture) to DHL
December&#160;31
Note 5
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest
 foreign currency exchange
 commodity
 production and packaging material costs and for other strategic purposes related to our core business. We enter into derivatives for risk management purposes only
 including derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships as well as those derivatives utilized as economic hedges. We do not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We recognize our derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value and are classified in either current or non-current assets or liabilities based on each contract's respective unrealized gain or loss position and each contract's respective maturity. Our policy is to present all derivative balances on a gross basis
 without regard to counterparty master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Further
 our current derivative agreements do not allow us to net positions with the same counterparty and therefore
Changes in fair values (to the extent of hedge effectiveness) of outstanding cash flow and net investment hedges are recorded in OCI
 until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item or the sale of the underlying net investment
 respectively. Effective cash flow hedges offset the gains or losses recognized on the underlying exposure in the consolidated statements of operations
We record realized gains and losses from derivative instruments in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Changes in unrealized gains and losses for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are recorded directly in earnings each period and are also recorded in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Cash flows from the settlement of derivatives
 including both economic hedges and those designated in hedge accounting relationships
In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance
 we do not record the fair value of derivatives for which we have elected the Normal Purchase Normal Sale (NPNS) exemption. We account for these contracts on an accrual basis
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. Depending on the benefit program
accordance with respective local laws and regulations. All retirement plans for our employees in the U.S. and Central Europe are defined contribution pension plans. Additionally
 we offer other postretirement benefits (OPEB) to the majority of our Canadian
 U.S. and European employees. These plans are not funded. MillerCoors
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within OCI. The funded status of a plan
 measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels. Accumulated benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation
 if applicable
We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's potential amortization from AOCI of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates
&#32;of the market-related value of plan assets and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants. As our U.K. plan is closed
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate fair value as recorded due to the short-term nature of these instruments. In addition
 the carrying amounts of our trade loan receivables
 net of allowances
 approximate fair value. The fair value of derivatives is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows utilizing observable market interest
Note 17
&#32;for additional information. Based on current market rates for similar instruments
Note 13
U.S. GAAP guidance for fair value includes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Level&#160;2&#8212;Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are less active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e.
&#160;interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from
 or corroborated by
Level&#160;3&#8212;Unobservable inputs that reflect the assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. We develop these inputs based on the best information available
Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of OCI. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. Our primary operating currencies
 other than USD
 include the Canadian Dollar (CAD)
 the British Pound (GBP)
In February 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance for the recognition
 measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In March 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance on a parent's accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of certain subsidiaries or groups of assets within a foreign entity or of an investment in a foreign entity. This update also resolves the diversity in practice for the treatment of business combinations achieved in stages (sometimes also referred to as step acquisitions) involving a foreign entity. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In April 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In July 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update requires that the entity present an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or a tax credit carryforward in the statement of financial position. The guidance does not apply to the extent that a net operating loss carryforward or tax credit carryforward at the reporting date is not available under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
 2014. As a result of adopting this guidance
 we have presented deferred tax assets net of unrecognized tax benefits
 as appropriate
In April 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity. The update limits discontinued operations reporting to disposals of components of an entity that represent strategic shifts that have (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. This update requires expanded disclosures related to assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses of discontinued operations. This update also requires the disclosure of pretax profit or loss and the financial effects of significant disposals that do not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
In May 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. The requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In June 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
In accordance with our strategy to increase our portfolio of premium brands and deepen our reach into growth markets around the world
 we completed the Acquisition of StarBev from StarBev L.P. (the Seller) on June 15
 2012
)
 including the assumption and payoff of pre-existing StarBev indebtedness. Headquartered in Prague
Note 4
&#32;in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
Note 6
 Other Income and Expense
&#32;is included in our Europe segment
 and a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of 
&#32;is included in our Europe segment
 for the year ended December&#160;31
 2014. Central Europe contributed net sales of 
&#32;is included in our Europe segment
 and a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of 
&#32;is included in our Europe segment
 for the year ended December&#160;31
 2013. The losses from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2014
 and December 31
 2013
 are primarily driven by non-cash impairment charges of 
 respectively
Note 12
&#32;for further discussion. From the Acquisition date of June 15
 2012
 through December&#160;29
 2012
 Central Europe contributed net sales of 
&#32;is included in our Europe segment
 and income from continuing operations before income taxes of 
&#32;is included in our Europe segment. The incremental portion not included in our Europe segment results is our Europe export and license business reflected in our MCI segment results effective July 1
 2012. The following unaudited pro forma summary presents our consolidated statements of operations as if Central Europe had been acquired on January 1
 2012
 the first day of our 2012 year. These amounts were calculated after conversion of StarBev's historical operating results to U.S. GAAP
 conforming to our accounting policies
 and adjusting StarBev's results to reflect the depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to properties and other intangibles resulting from the purchase had it been applied from January 1
 2012
 together with the consequential tax effects. These adjustments also reflect the removal of StarBev historical interest expense on debt that was repaid at the time of Acquisition
&#32;incurred in the first half of 2012. Additional significant adjustments for 2012 include the removal of the following non-recurring
&#32;Euro currency loss
 a 
Note 6
Note 17
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
&#32;related to the fair value adjustment to Acquisition date inventory that was recorded in the post-Acquisition consolidated statements of operations. The adjustments recorded in the first half of 2013 upon finalizing purchase accounting
 as further described below
 did not result in an adjustment to our previously presented pro forma information. These adjustments do not reflect changes in fair value of the embedded conversion feature or foreign exchange movements of the convertible note issued to the Seller as part of the Acquisition. This unaudited pro forma financial information is not intended to reflect the performance which would have actually resulted had the Acquisition been effected on the dates indicated. Further
December 29
(In millions
4
The year ended December 29
 2012
 includes actual results of Central Europe for the period from the Acquisition date of June 15
The following table summarizes the purchase price
 inclusive of pre-existing debt assumed and subsequently repaid
1
3
Cash
Total purchase price
3
Note 13
According to our agreement with the Seller and in accordance with the terms of the senior debt facility agreement
 upon the closing of the Acquisition
&#32;SDPO payable to third-party creditors
 which we subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012
The following table represents the classifications of the cash flows used
 which are included within our consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 29
2
2
Includes the SDPO discussed above
 which was assumed in the Acquisition and was subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012
$1
&#32;of cash consideration to the Seller for shares acquired and release of StarBev's pre-existing obligations to the Seller. Also
Note 13
The following table represents the finalized allocation of the total consideration to the identifiable net assets
 fair value of the noncontrolling interest
 and resulting residual goodwill as of June 15
 2012. These allocated amounts were updated for immaterial changes in the first half of 2013 and are now finalized. During the second quarter of 2013 we recorded liabilities in several Central European countries primarily related to local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods. During 2014
 these matters were favorably resolved and we released the associated indirect-tax and income-tax-related reserves
Note 19
&#32;for further discussion. We also made adjustments to the brand intangible assets
 and related deferred tax impacts
2
3
1
2
3
&#32;year useful life
$2
Note 12
&#32;SDPO assumed
&#32;on June 29
The goodwill resulting from the Acquisition is primarily attributable to Central Europe's licensed brand brewing
 distribution and import business
Note 12
Our reporting segments are based on the key geographic regions in which we operate
The Canada segment consists of our production
 marketing and sales of our brands
 including core brands
Carling
 Coors Banquet
&#32;and other owned and licensed brands in Canada. The Canada segment also includes BRI
 our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution and retail sale of beer in Ontario
 and BDL
 our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution of beer in the western provinces. Both BRI and BDL are accounted for as equity method investments. Also included in the Canada segment was MMI
 our joint venture with Grupo Modelo&#160;S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo)
 established to import
 distribute
 and market the Modelo beer brand portfolio across all Canadian provinces and territories. MMI was accounted for under the equity method. In November 2013
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI) and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the MMI joint venture
Note 5
We have an agreement with Heineken&#160;N.V. (Heineken) that grants us the right to import
 market
 distribute and sell Heineken products and with SABMiller plc (SABMiller) that grants us the right to brew or import
 market
 distribute and sell several SABMiller brands. During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we entered into an agreement with Miller Brewing Company (Miller)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller
 for the accelerated termination of the Miller license agreement
Note 19
The U.S. segment consists of our interest
 and results from our interest
 in MillerCoors
 our joint venture with SABMiller for all U.S. operations. MillerCoors produces
 markets
 and sells beer brands in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. MillerCoors' core brands sold in the U.S. include 
 as well as 
 
 
 
Note 5
The Europe segment consists of our production
 marketing and sales of our brands
&#32;Staropramen
Apatinsko
 Astika
&#160;Bergenbier
 Blue Moon
 Borsodi
 Branik
 Coors Light
 Jelen
 Kamenitza
 Niksicko
 Noroc
 Ostravar
&#160;Ozujsko
&#32;Worthington's
&#32;as well as a number of smaller regional ale brands in the U.K.
Beck's
brands
Hoegaarden
 Leffe
 Lowenbrau
 L&#246;wenweisse
&#32;in certain Central European countries. Our contract for the distribution of the Modelo brands in the U.K. expired as of December 31
 2014
 however
 beginning in January 2015
&#32;Corona Extra
 Modelo Especial
&#32;throughout the Central European countries in which we operate. Further
 we produce
&#32;brands in the U.K. and Republic of Ireland through our consolidated joint venture arrangements and are the exclusive distributor for several brands which are sold under license
. Additionally
 in order to be able to provide a full line of beer and other beverages to our U.K. on-premise customers
 we sell factored brands
 which are third-party beverage brands for which we provide distribution to retail
 typically on a non-exclusive basis. We have distribution agreements with Tradeteam (a subsidiary of DHL) for the distribution of our products in the U.K. through 2023. We also contract manufacture for Heineken U.K. and Carlsberg U.K. In December 2013
 we entered into an agreement with Heineken to early terminate the contract brewing arrangement
 whereby we produce and package Heineken products. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
) in 2014 and will receive the remainder at the end of the transition period
 concluding on April 30
The objective of MCI is to grow and expand our business and brand portfolio in markets
 including emerging markets
 outside the U.S.
 Canada
 and certain regions in Europe
 comprising our standalone businesses in India (consisting of the Molson Coors Cobra India joint venture)
 Japan and China; our export business
 which is expanding the reach of our international brands
 in Latin America
 the Caribbean
 Western Europe
 and Australia; and our license business
 which builds long term licensing partnerships with leading global brewers to market and grow our international brands in markets which typically have a greater barrier to entry
 in Ukraine
 Russia
Blue Moon
 Carling
 Cobra
 Coors Light
&#32;Staropramen
Coors
 Coors 1873
 Coors Extra
 Coors Gold
Iceberg 9000
 King Cobra
 Royal Brew
Corporate is not a segment and includes interest and certain other general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the operating segments. The majority of these corporate costs relate to worldwide administrative functions
 such as corporate affairs
 legal
 human resources
 finance and accounting
 treasury
 tax
 internal audit
 insurance and risk management. Additionally
 the results of our water resources and energy operations in the state of Colorado are included in Corporate. Corporate also includes certain royalty income and administrative costs related to the management of intellectual property.
. Net sales represent sales to third-party external customers. Inter-segment sales and income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes
 other than sales to MillerCoors
The following tables represent consolidated net sales
 consolidated interest expense
 consolidated interest income
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;within special items
Note 5
December&#160;31
 2014
Note 12
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
Income from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2013
Note 12
Year ended December 29
2
1
3
Includes results from our Central Europe operations from the Acquisition date of June 15
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
5
6
2
2
5
6
13
15
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Depreciation and amortization amounts do not reflect amortization of bond discounts
 fees
The following table presents net sales by geography
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
4
4
3
Reflects net sales from the individual countries within our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Reflects net properties within the individual countries included in our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
Our investments include both equity method and consolidated investments. Those entities identified as VIEs have been evaluated to determine whether we are the primary beneficiary. The VIEs included under Consolidated VIEs below are those for which we have concluded that we are the primary beneficiary and accordingly
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs requires that we continually reassess whether we are the primary beneficiary of VIEs in which we have an interest. As such
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 our consolidated VIEs are Cobra Beer Partnership
&#32;for MCBC
. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
9
8
9
9
1
1
1
2
2
7
7
9
9
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
7
7
3
3
2
2
) of MillerCoors (contributed by both Coors Brewing Company (CBC) and Miller Brewing Company (Miller)). This basis difference
 with the exception of certain non-amortizing items (goodwill
 land
 etc.)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
1
1
1
1
1
1
190.9
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
(In millions
1
1
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
December 31
 2014
December 31
 2013
&#32;net payables due to MillerCoors
We assigned the United States and Puerto Rican rights to the legacy Coors brands
 including 
 
&#32;brands
 to MillerCoors. We retained all ownership rights of these brands outside of the United States and Puerto Rico. In addition
 we retained numerous water rights in Colorado. We lease these water rights to MillerCoors at no cost for use at its Golden
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
BRI
 a VIE
 is a beer distribution and retail network for the Ontario region of Canada
 owned by MCC
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. (a subsidiary of Sapporo International). BRI charges its owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates at break-even profit levels. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred
 net of other revenues earned
 and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to its owners based on volume of products. Contractual provisions cause our interests to fluctuate based on this calculated market share requiring frequent primary beneficiary evaluations. However
 based on the existing structure
 control is shared
 and remains shared through changes in interest
In January 2015
 BRI
 with our endorsement
 announced a proposed change in ownership structure allowing all other small and large Ontario based brewers the ability to participate in the ownership of BRI. As part of this proposed change
&#32;new share classes will be created and the board of directors of BRI will be expanded to include representation for these new ownership classes. New owners will be subject to the same fee structure as the current owners
 with the exception of smaller brewers
 who will have discounted fees
 as they will not be required to fund certain costs associated with capital investment in new stores or pension and other employee benefits. BRI will continue to operate on a break-even basis under the new ownership structure. Further
 the new owners will have the ability to appoint a representative to the executive committee that will work with management on the day-to-day operations of the business. Based on the information available at this time
We have an obligation to proportionately fund BRI's operations. As a result of this obligation
 we continue to record our proportional share of BRI's net income or loss and OCI activity
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
. The decrease to our net investment balance was primarily driven by an increase to BRI's employee retirement plan obligations (resulting from the annual actuarial valuation) unfavorably impacting the net assets of BRI
 as well as distributions received from BRI related to the sale of certain real estate properties. These proceeds are recorded as cash inflows from investing activities within return of capital from an unconsolidated affiliate in the consolidated statement of cash flows. Administrative fees under the agreement with BRI were 
 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 we had net receivables of 
 respectively
BDL
 a VIE
 is a distribution operation owned by MCC and Labatt Breweries of Canada LP (a subsidiary of ABI) that
 pursuant to an operating agreement
BDL charges the owners administrative fees that are designed so the entity operates at break-even profit levels. This administrative fee is based on costs incurred
 net of other revenues earned
 and is allocated in accordance with the operating agreement to the owners based on volume of products. No other parties are allowed to sell beer through BDL
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 our investment in BDL was 
 respectively. The decrease in our investment was primarily related to an increase in BDL's employee retirement plan obligation (resulting from the annual actuarial valuation) unfavorably impacting the net assets of BDL. Administrative fees under the contract were approximately 
 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 we had net payables to BDL of 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
brands are produced by us under a contract brewing arrangement with the joint venture. MCBC and Royal Grolsch&#160;N.V. sell beer to the joint venture
 which sells the beer back to MCBC (for onward sale to customers) for a price equal to what it paid
 plus a marketing and overhead charge and a profit margin. Grolsch is a taxable entity in Europe. Accordingly
Cobra Beer Partnership
&#32;interest in Cobra U.K.
&#32;beer brand (with the exception of the Indian sub-continent
&#32;beer brand. We consolidate the results and financial position of Cobra U.K.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Modelo Molson Imports
On November 5
 2013
 Anheuser-Busch Inbev (ABI) and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of MMI
&#32;joint venture with Grupo Modelo S.A.B. de C.V. (Modelo)
 which provided for the import
 distribution
&#32;year agreement ending January 1
 2018. In June 2013
 ABI completed its combination with Modelo
 including Modelo&#8217;s interest in MMI. Following negotiations with ABI
 MCC consented to change the effective termination date of the agreement from January 1
 2018
 to February 28
 2014
 upon successful close and completion of the transition period
In conjunction with these negotiations
The transition period was successfully completed on February 28
 2014
) within special items
 reflective of the agreed upon payment received from Modelo. Additionally
&#32;representing the accelerated amortization of the remaining carrying value of our definite-lived intangible asset associated with the agreement. In accordance with the termination agreement
 MMI continued to operate in its historical capacity through the end of the transition period. Effective end of day on February 28
 2014
 MMI ceased all operations and was dissolved during the third quarter of 2014 upon final agreement with ABI on the distribution amount of the joint venture's remaining net assets. As a result
 our results for 2014
 reflect our proportionate ownership interest of the MMI activity during the first quarter of 2014 through end of day February 28
 2014. Under the MMI arrangement
 we recognized equity earnings within cost of goods sold of 
 
 during 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 during 2014
 2013 and 2012
 MCC recognized marketing and administrative cost recoveries related to the promotion
 sale and distribution of Modelo products under our agency and services agreement with MMI of 
 
 respectively. These cost recoveries are recorded within marketing
 general and administrative expenses. As of December 31
 2013
In accordance with the early termination agreement
 the book value of the joint venture's net assets was required to be distributed to the respective joint venture partners for the owners' proportionate ownership interest at the end of the transition period. This distribution was finalized in the third quarter of 2014. Concurrently
On December 23
 2013
 we early terminated our existing distribution agreements with Tradeteam
 our joint venture with DHL (formerly Exel Logistics)
 and varied or terminated certain other agreements with Tradeteam and DHL
&#32;upon exiting and varying these agreements. Concurrently
Subsequently
 on December 30
 2013
As a result of the continuing involvement with Tradeteam following the termination and sale through the new distribution agreements
&#32;was considered an upfront payment for the benefits to be provided under the new agreement.&#160;As a result of the effective modification to our agreements
&#32;were used in determining the loss on sale of the investment based on its carrying value at sale
The financial commitments on early termination of the new secondary distribution agreement are to essentially assume and settle liabilities related to the various assets and infrastructure required to deliver the service to us
 and to compensate Tradeteam
 depending on the circumstances of such early termination.&#160;These early termination commitments decline over the term of the new agreement
 and are calculable by reference to the circumstances of termination. Services provided under the Tradeteam contracts were approximately 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2013
Note 19
. During 2013 and 2012
 we recognized equity earnings from our Tradeteam investment of 
 respectively
Since its inception
 the performance of the MC Si'hai joint venture did not meet our expectations due to delays in executing its business plans as well as significant difficulties in working with our business partner. Through the on-going arbitration process
 which began in 2012 as discussed below
 we began discussions with the joint venture partner and concluded upon a price that we would accept to exit the relationship through the sale of our interest in the joint venture. As a result
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in the joint venture and
 upon finalizing the sale
 we recognized a gain of 
deconsolidation in 2012
 as further discussed below
In 2012
 we recorded impairment charges related to the goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets in the joint venture
 as well as concluded that we had lost our ability to exercise control of the joint venture which led to the deconsolidation of the joint venture. Specifically
 due to the ongoing operational challenges of the joint venture
 coupled with the impact of increased competitive pressures in China
 we evaluated and subsequently impaired the full amount of the goodwill and definite-lived brand and distribution rights intangible assets recorded in relation to the joint venture. As a result
&#32;related to the goodwill and intangible asset impairments
 respectively. Further
 following the impairment
 a number of events occurred that caused us to re-assess the consolidation of  the joint venture. Specifically
 due to the actions of our joint venture partner
 we entered into arbitration for the termination and proposed liquidation of the joint venture. This resulted in a loss of our ability to exercise legal or operational control over the joint venture in accordance with the terms of the joint venture agreement. As a result
 we deconsolidated the joint venture during the third quarter of 2012. Upon deconsolidation
&#32;representing our share of the joint venture's liabilities at termination of the joint venture
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Other
Other income (expense)
In 1991
 we became a limited partner in the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club
&#160;Ltd. (the Partnership)
 treated as a cost method investment. Effective November 8
 2013
. We did not make any cash contributions in 2013 or 2012
 and cash distributions
 recognized within other income
Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2013
Note 13
In connection with the Acquisition
&#32;senior notes to purchase Euros in the second quarter of 2012. As a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition
 we realized a foreign exchange loss on our Euro cash holdings.
 
 respectively
 related to foreign currency movements on foreign-denominated financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the financing and the closing of the Acquisition. Additionally
&#32;during 2013
Note 13
Note 17
&#32;for further discussion of financing and hedging activities related to the Acquisition. Additionally
 we recorded losses of 
 
 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
The decrease in income tax expense in 2014 was primarily driven by lower pretax income due to the increase in net special charges versus the prior year
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
State income taxes
Other
&#32;primarily due to the impact of lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses
. In addition to these lower effective foreign tax rates
 during 2014
 our effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax benefits primarily in Europe. Specifically
&#32;and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations during the third quarter of 2014 as further discussed below. The changes to our unrecognized tax benefits
 further discussed below
Separately
 the change in our effective tax rate from 2012 to 2013 was driven by the increase in the statutory income tax rate in Serbia and increased valuation allowance on our deferred positions. Specifically
 the 2012 foreign tax law and rate change impact
 primarily relates to the increased statutory corporate income tax rate in Serbia from 
 effective January 1
 2013 (enacted in 2012). As a result of the impact of the rate change on differences between the book basis and tax basis of intangible and other assets purchased in the Acquisition
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
&#32;valuation allowance in China. For local tax purposes
 these China net operating losses can be carried forward five years. For U.S. GAAP purposes
 these net operating losses have been fully valued as they would not be realizable before they expire. In our 2013 presentation
The decrease in current deferred tax assets is primarily driven by the settlement of our outstanding cross currency swaps. In January 2014
 we early settled the final remaining outstanding currency swaps
Note 17
&#32;for further discussion. The decrease in non-current deferred tax liabilities in 2014 was primarily driven by the intangible asset impairments in Serbia and Croatia
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if
 based upon available evidence
 it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have evaluated the realizability of our deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction by assessing the adequacy of expected taxable income
 including the reversal of existing temporary differences
 historical and projected operating results and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Based on this analysis
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits that have been recorded as a reduction of non-current deferred tax assets
 which is presented within non-current deferred tax liabilities due to jurisdictional netting on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2014
Note 2
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified that we had incorrectly omitted recognizing a liability for uncertain tax positions related to fiscal year 2010 that resulted in an immaterial misstatement of income tax expense within the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 25
 2010
 as well as the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings within the consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 December 31
 2011
 and December 25
 2010. We have revised our current presentation of these amounts to correct for this error
December&#160;31
During the third quarter of 2014
&#32;unrecognized tax benefit resulting from this adjustment. This settlement amount is included in the table above but did not impact our effective tax rate as it was settled for the amount of the liability. Additionally
 upon expiration of certain statutes of limitations during the third quarter
 we released a portion of the noncurrent unrecognized tax benefit adjustment
&#32;benefit to our current income tax expense. The remainder of the noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits is reflected in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2014. These noncurrent items relate to tax years that are currently open
Note 1
&#32;decrease discussed above
offset by the intended utilization of deferred tax assets and therefore did not impact our effective tax rate
Annual tax provisions include amounts considered sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examination of prior year tax returns; however
During 2015
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits will be released to reflect the closing of statutes of limitation in the U.S.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
We file income tax returns in most of the federal
 state and provincial jurisdictions in the U.S.
 Canada and various countries in Europe. Tax years through 2010 are closed in the U.S. In Canada
We annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries&#8217; current year earnings. Separately
December&#160;31
 2014
 as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly
 have not provided for any U.S. federal or state tax thereon. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements and distributions from MillerCoors
 as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;of retained earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. Our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the U.S. It is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be significantly impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. While it is not practical to determine the amount of tax
We have incurred charges or realized benefits that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification. As such
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Europe - Flood loss (insurance reimbursement)
Total Special items
Upon termination of our MMI operations in 2014
Note 5
Additionally
 in the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
Note 12
Note 19
During the third quarters of 2014 and 2013
Note 12
In December 2013
&#32;brands in the U.K. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
) in 2014 and will receive the remainder at the end of the transition period
 concluding on April 30
 2015. The full amount of the termination payment will be recognized as income within special items at the end of the transition period. Additionally
 the termination of this distribution agreement led to a strategic review of our European supply chain network. As part of this analysis
 we entered into a consultation process during the fourth quarter of 2014 following a proposal by management to close one of our U.K. brewing facilities in 2015. As a result of management's proposal
 we incurred accelerated depreciation expense in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery. We may incur additional charges associated with the proposed closing of this brewery in 2015
During the second quarter of 2012
 we recognized an asset abandonment charge related to the discontinuation of primary packaging in the U.K. We determined that our Home Draft package was not meeting expectations driven by a lack of demand in the U.K. market
 and as a result
 we recognized a loss related to the write-off of the Home Draft packaging line
In December of 2013
&#32;liability representing the fair value of our remaining investment upon deconsolidation of the joint venture in 2012
In the second quarter of 2012
&#32;related to goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets in our MC Si'hai joint venture in China
 and in the third quarter of 2012
Note 5
During 2012
During 2009
&#32;that was recorded as a special item. The amounts recorded in 2013 and 2012 represent the release of this reserve as a result of a change in estimate. As a result
 the remaining amount of this non-income-related tax reserve was fully released in 2013.
&#32;in our Europe business associated with significant flooding in Serbia
During 2013
&#32;interest in Tradeteam to DHL
Note 5
In 2012
 we introduced several initiatives focused on increasing our efficiencies and reducing costs across all functions of the business in order to develop a more competitive supply chain and global cost structure. Included in these initiatives is a long-term focus on reducing labor and general overhead costs through restructuring activities. We view these restructuring activities as actions to allow us to meet our long-term growth targets by generating future cost savings within cost of goods sold and general and administrative expenses and include organizational changes that strengthen our business and accelerate efficiencies within our operational structure. As a result of these restructuring activities
1
&#32;employees
 of which approximately 
 
&#32;activities
 respectively. Consequently
 we recognized severance and other employee related charges during 
 
 which we have recorded as special items within our consolidated statements of operations. During 2014
 we finalized our restructuring initiatives that began in 2012. Additionally
&#32;within our Europe segment related to severance as a result of management's proposal to close one of our brewing facilities
 as noted above. As we continually evaluate our cost structure and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings
 we may incur additional restructuring related charges in the future
 however
The accrued restructuring balances represent expected future cash payments required to satisfy the remaining severance obligations to terminated employees
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
During 2011
 we repurchased Class B common shares which results in a lower number of outstanding shares compared to issued shares. See Share Repurchase Program below for further discussion. For all other classes
The Class&#160;A exchangeable shares and Class&#160;B exchangeable shares were issued by Molson Coors Canada&#160;Inc. (MCCI) a wholly-owned subsidiary. The exchangeable shares are substantially the economic equivalent of the corresponding shares of Class&#160;A and Class&#160;B common stock that a Molson shareholder would have received in the Merger if the holder had elected to receive shares of Molson Coors common stock. Holders of exchangeable shares also receive
 through a voting trust
 the benefit of Molson Coors voting rights
Each holder of record of Class A common stock
 Class B common stock
 Class A exchangeable shares and Class B exchangeable shares is entitled to one vote for each share held
 without the ability to cumulate votes on the election of directors. Our Class B common stock has fewer voting rights than our Class A common stock and holders of our Class A common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over company actions requiring stockholder approval. Specifically
 holders of Class B common stock voting together as a single class have the right to elect three directors of the Molson Coors Board of Directors
 as well as the right to vote on certain additional matters as outlined in the our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as amended
 the &#8220;Certificate&#8221;)
 such as merger agreements that require approval under applicable law
 sales of all or substantially all of the our assets to unaffiliated third parties
 proposals to dissolve MCBC
 and certain amendments to the Certificate that require approval under applicable law
 each as further described and limited by the Certificate. The Certificate also provides that holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock shall vote together as a single class
 on an advisory basis
The Certificate provides for the right of holders of Class&#160;A common stock to convert their stock into Class&#160;B common stock on a one-for-one basis at any time. The exchangeable shares are exchangeable at any time
On February 10
 2015
&#32;years from the date of our announcement and we plan to repurchase our stock
 principally in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. Concurrent with the announcement of this new program
December&#160;31
 2014
 for 
Basic earnings per share (EPS) was computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS includes the additional dilutive effect of our potentially dilutive securities
 which includes restricted stock units (RSUs)
 deferred stock units (DSUs)
 performance units (PUs)
 performance share units (PSUs)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
RSUs
 PSUs
Our calculation of weighted-average shares includes Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;B common stock
Note 9
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Stock options
In June 2007
&#32;convertible bonds) due July 2013. On July 30
 2013
. The required premium payment was settled in cash and entirely offset by the cash proceeds received from the settlement of the call options we purchased in 2007 related to these notes. As a result
 these notes and related call options did not impact our shares outstanding. Additionally
&#32;impact on diluted income per share for any period in which they were outstanding. Simultaneously with the issuance of these notes
 we issued warrants which began expiring in December 2013 and the final warrants expired February 6
 2014
In June 2012
&#32;convertible note). On August 13
 2013
Note 13
&#32;for further discussion. As a result
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
3
3
(1
(1
1
1
970.1
 
 
 respectively. Loss and breakage expense related to our returnable containers
 included in the depreciation expense amounts noted above
 was 
 
 
 respectively
 and is classified within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally
 the previously mentioned depreciation expense for 2014 includes accelerated depreciation associated with management's proposal to close one of our brewing facilities in 2015
Note 8
Balance at December 29
1
2
Balance at December 31
1
2
Balance at December 31
1
2
On June 15
 2012
 we completed the Acquisition of StarBev. During the second quarter of 2013
Note 3
The following table presents details of our intangible assets
 other than goodwill
December&#160;31
4
4
6
5
The following table presents details of our intangible assets
 other than goodwill
December&#160;31
5
5
7
6
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
 are driven by the impact of foreign exchange rates
 as a significant amount of intangibles are denominated in foreign currencies
 and the intangible impairments recorded in the third quarter of 2014
 as discussed below. Additionally
operations in the first quarter of 2014
Note 5
December&#160;31
 2014
 the estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets is as follows:
 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. This expense is presented within marketing
Note 5
During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets from July 1
 the first day of our fiscal third quarter
 to October 1
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter. The change was made to more closely align the impairment testing date with our strategic and annual operating planning and forecasting process. The change in accounting principle is preferable
 as it will align the impairment testing data with the most current information available from the annual operating plan
 and allow for the completion of the annual impairment testing closer to the end of our annual reporting period. Based on the results of our testing performed as of October 1
 2014
 we concluded there were no impairments of goodwill within our Europe
 Canada or India reporting units or impairments of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. The fair values determined during our October 1
 2014
&#32;annual goodwill impairment testing determined that our Europe and Canada reporting units were at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. Specifically
&#32;in excess of carrying value
 respectively
 as of the October 1 testing date. Prior to recognizing the brand impairments discussed below
 the excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the Europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. The decrease was driven by challenging macroeconomic conditions in Europe negatively impacting our business
 as well as declines in the forecasts of certain European brands
 which have been adversely impacted by the expected prolonged recovery from recent flooding and an accelerated consumer trend to value brands. These impacts were partially offset by improvements to market multiples. The Canada reporting unit also decreased from the prior year primarily due to continued competitive pressures and economic weakness in the Canadian market
Note 1
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
 our initial indefinite-lived intangible impairment testing performed as of July 1
 2014
&#32;indefinite-lived brand intangibles within our Europe segment were below their respective carrying values. As a result
&#32;brand was driven by ongoing macroeconomic challenges exacerbated by severe flooding in the Balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. This flooding caused significant damage to the infrastructure within the Serbian and Bosnian markets
&#32;is our primary brand
 which resulted in a decrease in the brand's projected cash flows. We have analyzed the potential impact of the flood to these markets and have incorporated a prolonged recovery in our projected cash flows based on recent assessments of the recovery efforts and resulting macroeconomic effects to the region. Additionally
&#32;brand was driven by the continued significant economic pressures in Croatia
market
 which resulted in a decline in the brand's projected cash flows. The macroeconomic environment has driven low realized and expected GDP growth and was worsened by the previously mentioned flooding during Croatia's peak tourism season
 along with the flooding in Bosnia
 discussed above
&#32;is also sold. These lower projected cash flows have lagged previously made assumptions based on forecasted macroeconomic recoveries
 resulting in the impairments. The remaining Europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values
brands
 while facing similar macroeconomic challenges
 were sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values
. Specifically
Niksicko
&#32;our primary brand in Montenegro
&#32;fair values is equal to its carrying value at the date of impairment
 these brands
 along with 
 are therefore at risk of future impairment
 as any additional decline in their forecasted future cash flows may result in a decrease to the fair value of the brand over its respective carrying value. The results of our subsequent testing performed as of October 1
 2014
 did not result in further impairment
 however
December&#160;31
 2014
Separately
&#32;core brands in excess of carrying value decreased slightly from the prior year
December&#160;31
 2014
$2
We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
The Europe and Canada reporting units' goodwill
&#32;core brand intangible
 and certain indefinite-lived brand intangibles within Europe are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including significant delays in projected macroeconomic recovery
 greater-than-anticipated flood impacts to certain regions' performance
 or prolonged adverse economic conditions)
 terminal growth rates
 market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. For testing purposes
 management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. Current projections used for our Europe reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment
&#32;core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries
 as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures
 partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. Fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. As a result
 there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the 2014 annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment test will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. Examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our Canada and Europe reporting units
&#32;core brand
Jelen
) may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows
 specifically
 a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs due to another natural disaster or other unknown event that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results
 a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends
 a continuation of the trend away from core brands towards value brands in certain of our markets
 especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market
 unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets
 (ii)&#160;an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or continued worsening of the overall European economy)
 an inability of the market to successfully recover from the recent severe flooding in several of our Central European markets
While historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values
 if our assumptions are not realized
Regarding definite-lived intangibles
 we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying asset for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. No such triggering events were identified in 
 with the exception of the settlement with Miller in Canada
&#32;impairment charge of our definite-lived intangible asset related to our license agreement
December&#160;31
 2014
 the intangible has a remaining carrying value of 
 primarily indicative of the remaining settlement amount
 as well as the remaining future cash flows expected to be generated under the license agreement through March 31
 2015
 which will be amortized over the remaining life of the agreement. We utilized Level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset
Note 19
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
3
3
2
3
On June 15
 2012
&#32;convertible note due December&#160;31
 2013
 which included a put conversion feature to the Seller. On August 13
 2013
 the conversion feature was exercised for an agreed value upon exercise of 
On September 3
 2013
Seller's notice to put
 we made claims with regard to the representations and warranties provided to us upon close of the Acquisition related to local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods. As of December 31
 2013
&#32;in principal related to these outstanding claims. During the first half of 2014
&#32;convertible note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. During 2013 and 2012
 we recognized a net loss of 
 respectively
 on the conversion feature related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. The cash and non-cash interest
 excluding the change in fair value of the convertible feature
Note 17
During the third quarter of 2005
&#32;private placement in Canada due September 22
 2015. Additionally
 during the fourth quarter 2010
&#32;private placement in Canada due October 6
 2017. Prior to issuing the bonds
 we entered into forward starting interest rate transactions for a portion of each Canadian offering. The bond forward transactions effectively established
 in advance
 the yield of the government of Canada bond rate over which the Company's private placement was priced. At the time of the private placement offerings and pricings
&#32;bonds
&#32;bonds. Per authoritative accounting guidance pertaining to derivatives and hedging
&#32;bonds
On May 3
 2012
 we issued 
&#32;interest and will mature on May 1
&#32;notes) interest and will mature on May 1
&#32;interest and will mature on May 1
 2042. The issuance resulted in total proceeds to us
 before expenses
$1
880.7 million
 net of underwriting fees and discounts of 
 respectively. Total debt issuance costs capitalized in connection with these senior notes
 including the underwriting fees and discounts
Concurrent with the announcement of the Acquisition
 we entered into a bridge loan agreement
&#32;senior notes. In connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan
Note 6
&#32;senior notes
 we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk by entering into Treasury Locks.&#160;This resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes.&#160;In the second quarter of 2012
Note 17
During 2014
 we entered into interest rate swaps to economically convert our fixed rate 
. As a result of this hedge program
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;recorded in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations. Accordingly
&#32;adjustment for fair value movements attributable to the benchmark interest rate
 recorded as an unrealized loss in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations
Note 17
During the second quarter of 2014
-year
&#32;revolving multi-currency credit facility
&#32;revolving credit facilities
 which had maturities in the second quarters of 2015 and 2016
 respectively. As a result
. Concurrent with the transaction
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
&#32;revolving credit facility contains customary events of default and specified representations and warranties and covenants
 including
 among other things
 covenants that limit our subsidiaries' ability to incur certain additional priority indebtedness
 create or permit liens on assets
December&#160;31
 2014
 there were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program
December&#160;31
 2013
&#32;days
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;in bank cash related to our European notional cross-border
December&#160;31
 2013
In the third quarter of 2013
&#32;on an uncommitted basis through September 2014. During the third quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
In addition to our EUR revolving credit facility and JPY line of credit
&#32;committed under outstanding letters of credit
&#32;line of credit with no outstanding borrowings as of December 31
&#32;line of credit
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively
Note 19
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
$3
$3
359.1 million
Under the terms of each of our debt facilities
 we must comply with certain restrictions. These include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets)
 leverage thresholds
 liens
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
 the aggregate principal debt maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings
December&#160;31
 2014
1
3
Interest incurred
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
&#32;and 2012
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;share-based compensation plan. The historical 1990 Equity Incentive Plan and the Equity Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors expired and had no awards outstanding at December 31
 2014. There were no awards granted under either of these historical plans in 
We issue the following types of awards related to shares of Class&#160;B common stock to certain directors
 officers
 and other eligible employees
 pursuant to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan (MCBC IC Plan): RSUs
 DSUs
 PUs
 PSUs
 stock options and SOSARs.
 
 we granted 
&#32;RSUs
 respectively
 with a weighted-average market value of 
&#32;each
 respectively. Prior to vesting
DSU awards
 under the Directors' Stock Plan pursuant to the MCBC IC Plan
 are elections made by non-employee directors of MCBC that enable them to receive all or one-half of their annual cash retainer payments in our stock. The deferred stock unit awards are issued at the market value equal to the closing price on the date of the grant. The DSUs are paid in shares of stock upon termination of service. Prior to vesting
 DSUs have no voting rights. In 
 
 we granted a small number of DSUs with a weighted-average market value of 
&#32;per share
&#32;times the target value based on achievement of specified adjusted earnings per share targets. The PU award value can be settled in cash or shares
 or partly in cash and partly in shares
 at the discretion of the Company. If settled in shares
 it will be based on the closing Class&#160;B common stock price on the date of vesting. Prior to vesting
&#32;shares are issued and PUs have no voting or dividend rights. We account for the PUs as liabilities
changing estimates of adjusted earnings per share. Changes in the price of Class&#160;B common stock during the vesting period do not impact compensation expense but will impact the number of shares ultimately issued if the awards are settled in stock. Compensation expense is determined based upon the estimated fair value and recognized over the requisite service period of the grant once we have determined that achievement of the performance condition is probable. If in the future it becomes improbable that the performance condition will be met
 previously recognized compensation cost will be reversed
 and no compensation cost will be recognized. The service condition vesting period is 
 there were no PUs granted and in 
As part of our annual grant in the first quarter of 2014 and 2013 we granted PSUs
 rather than PUs that we had historically granted
 for performance awards. PSUs are granted with a target value established at the date of grant and vest upon completion of a service requirement. The settlement amount of the PSUs is determined based on market and performance metrics
 which include our total shareholder return performance relative to the S&amp;P 500 and specified internal performance metrics designed to drive greater shareholder return. PSU compensation expense is based on a fair value assigned to the market metric using a Monte Carlo model
 which will remain constant throughout the vesting period of three years
 and a performance multiplier
&#32;PSUs
&#32;each
 respectively.
 
 we granted 
&#32;options
 respectively
 each with a weighted-average fair value of 
 
 respectively.
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;of total unrecognized compensation cost from all share-based compensation arrangements granted under the plans
The following table represents non-vested RSUs
 DSUs
December&#160;31
 2014
(In millions
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. The total share based liabilities paid for PUs vested during 
 
 and 
 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 was 
December&#160;31
 2014
(In millions
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. During 
 
 cash received from stock options exercises was 
 
 respectively
 and the total tax benefit to be realized for the tax deductions from these option exercises and other awards was 
 
December&#160;31
 2014
 there were 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
The risk-free interest rates utilized for periods throughout the expected term of the PSUs are based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury security yield at the time of grant. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our stock as well as the stock of our peer firms
 as shown within the volatility range above
As of December 31
As of December 29
1
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized on reclassification of net prior service costs and net actuarial gains and losses to income was 
 
 
During the first quarter of 2013
 we recorded a tax adjustment related to the reclassification of amounts from the investment in MillerCoors to AOCI that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reflect our proportionate share of MillerCoors AOCI at formation. We made this reclassification in 2012 as we believe the new presentation provides improved transparency of our share of MillerCoors AOCI. This tax adjustment
 which should have been made in 2012 with the reclassification
We have significant levels of net assets denominated in currencies other than the USD due to our operations in foreign countries
&#32;are largely due to the weakening of the CAD
&#32;are primarily due to the weakening of the CAD slightly offset by the strengthening of the GBP and certain currencies of our Central Europe operations
&#32;due to the strengthening of the CAD
 GBP and currencies of our Central European operations. OCI gains/losses related to our pension and OPEB plans are due to changes in our plan obligations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Note 16
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. Depending on the benefit program
 we provide either defined benefit pension or defined contribution plans to our employees in each of our segments. Each plan is managed locally and in accordance with respective local laws and regulations. We have defined benefit pension plans in the U.K.
 Canada and Japan. All retirement plans for MCBC employees in the U.S. are defined contribution pension plans. Additionally
 we offer OPEB plans to the majority of our Canadian
 U.S. and Central European employees; these plans are not funded. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL maintain defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans as well; however
December 31
December 31
December 29
The changes in the benefit obligation
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
3
3
3
4
Service cost
3
4
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
$3
$3
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
 was primarily driven by the decrease in the discount rates used
 discussed below
As of December 31
As of December 31
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
2
2
2
2
Amounts recognized in AOCI not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost
As of December 31
As of December 31
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;29
1
1
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;31
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December 31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December 29
We develop our long term expected return on assets (EROA) assumptions annually with input from independent investment specialists including our actuaries
 investment consultants and other specialists. Each EROA assumption is based on historical data
 including historical returns
 historical market rates and is calculated for each plan's individual asset class. The calculation includes inputs for interest
 inflation
 credit
Benefit obligations are actuarially calculated annually at the end of each year based on the assumptions detailed in the table below. Obligations under the OPEB plans are determined by the application of the terms of medical and life insurance plans
 together with relevant actuarial assumptions and heath care cost trend rates. The weighted-average rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation for defined pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
As of December 31
As of December 31
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 largely resulted from expectations for global GDP growth at a slower rate than prior years
The obligations of our defined benefit pension plans in Canada and the U.K. are supported by assets held in trusts for the payment of future benefits. The business segments are obligated to adequately fund these asset trusts. The underlying investments within our defined benefit pension plans include: cash and short term instruments
 debt securities
 equity securities
 investment funds
Each plan's respective allocation targets promote optimal expected return and volatility characteristics given a focus on a long-term time horizon for fulfilling the plans' obligations. All assets are managed by external investment managers with a mandate to either match or outperform their benchmark. The plans use different asset managers in the U.K. and Canada and each plan's respective asset allocation could be impacted by a change in asset managers. The U.K. plan has committed to investing with certain investment managers but is awaiting their capital calls. As such
Our investment strategies for our defined benefit pension plans also consider the funding status for each plan. For defined benefit pension plans that are highly funded
 assets are invested primarily in fixed income holdings that have a similar duration to the associated liabilities. For plans with lower funding levels
 the fixed income component is managed in a similar manner to the highly funded plans. In addition to this liability-matching fixed income allocation
 these plans also contain exposure to return generating assets including: equities
 real estate
 debt
 and other investments held with the goal of producing higher returns
For both our U.K. and Canadian plans
 the plans hedge a portion of the foreign exchange exposure between plan assets which are not denominated in the local plan currency and the local currency as the Canadian and U.K. pension liabilities will be settled in CAD and GBP
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 we did not have any individual underlying asset position that composed a significant concentration of each plan's overall assets. However
 we currently have significant plan assets invested in U.K.
Further
 as our benefit plans maintain exposure to non-government investments
 a significant system-wide increase in credit spreads would also negatively impact the reported plan asset values. In general
 equity and fixed income risks have been mitigated by company-specific concentration limits and by utilizing multiple equity managers. We do have significant amounts of assets invested with individual fixed income and hedge fund managers
We use a variety of industry accepted valuation techniques to value our plan assets. The techniques vary depending upon instrument type. Whenever possible
 we prioritize the use of observable market data in our valuation processes. We use market
Note 1
December&#160;31
 2014
Cash and short-term instruments&#8212;Includes cash
 trades awaiting settlement
 bank deposits
 short-term bills and short-term notes. Our trades awaiting settlement category includes payables and receivables associated with asset purchases and sales that are awaiting final cash settlement as of year end due to the use of trade date accounting for our pension plans assets. These payables normally settle within a few business days of the purchase or sale of the respective asset. The respective assets are included in or removed from our year end plan assets and categorized in their respective asset categories in the fair value hierarchy below. We include these items in Level&#160;1 of this hierarchy
 as the values are derived from quoted prices in active markets. Short-term instruments are included in Level&#160;2 of the fair value hierarchy as these are highly liquid instruments that are valued using observable inputs
Debt securities&#8212;Includes various government and corporate fixed income securities
 interest and inflation-linked assets such as bonds and swaps
 collateralized securities
 and other debt securities. The majority of the plans' fixed income assets trade on over the counter exchanges
 which provides observable inputs that are the primary data used to determine each individual investment's fair value. We also use independent pricing vendors
 as well as matrix pricing techniques. Matrix pricing uses observable data from other similar investments as the primary input to determine the individual security's fair value. Government and corporate fixed income securities are generally classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using observable inputs. Assets included in our collateralized securities include mortgage backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations
Equities&#8212;Includes publicly traded common and other equity-like holdings
 primarily publicly traded common stock
 including real estate investment trusts
Investment funds&#8212;Includes our debt funds
 equity funds
 hedge fund of funds
 and real estate fund holdings. The market values for these funds are based on the net asset values multiplied by the number of shares owned. For some of our hedge fund of funds
 debt funds and equity funds
Other hedge fund of funds
 debt funds and real estate funds
 where we do not have this flexibility to liquidate the entire portfolio
 are considered Level&#160;3. This category does not directly hold physical real estate assets. For our real estate funds
 these investment managers employ third-party appraisers to value each fund's underlying real estate holdings
 which include apartments
 office space
 hotels and industrial holdings. Each property is valued at least once a year
Other&#8212;Includes credit default swaps
 repurchase agreements
 recoverable taxes for taxes paid and awaiting reclaim due to the tax exempt nature of the pension plan
 venture capital
 corporate real estate debt and private equity. Repurchase agreements are agreements where our plan has created an asset exposure using borrowed assets
 creating a repurchase agreement liability
 to facilitate the trade. The assets associated with the repurchase agreement are included in the other category in the fair value hierarchy
 and the repurchase agreement liability is classified as Level&#160;1 in the hierarchy
 as the liability is valued using quoted prices in active markets. When determining the presentation of our target and asset allocations for repurchase agreements
 we are viewing the asset type
 as opposed to the investment vehicle
 and accordingly include the associated assets within fixed income
 specifically interest and inflation linked assets. We include recoverable tax items in Level&#160;1 of this hierarchy
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
1
1
(1
(1
3
3
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
3
3
Balance at December 29
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
 2014
 we expect to make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans totaling approximately 
&#32;in 2015. MillerCoors
 BRI and BDL contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here
 as they are not consolidated in our financial statements. Plan funding strategies are influenced by employee benefits
Expected future benefit payments for defined benefit pension and OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2014
1
We offer defined contribution pension plans for the majority of our Canadian
&#32;of employee compensation. U.S. employees are eligible to participate in the Molson Coors Savings and Investment Plan
 a qualified defined contribution plan
 which provides for employer contributions ranging from 
 
 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 the plan liabilities were equal to the plan assets noted in the table below and were included in other assets and other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates
To achieve our objectives
 we enter into a variety of financial derivatives
 including foreign currency exchange
 commodity
While
 by policy
 the counterparties to any of the financial derivatives we enter into are major institutions with investment grade credit ratings of at least A- by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor (or the equivalent) or A3 by Moody's
 we are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties. This credit risk is generally limited to the unrealized gains in such contracts
We have established a counterparty credit policy and guidelines that are monitored and reported to management according to prescribed guidelines to assist in managing this risk. As an additional measure
 we utilize a portfolio of institutions either headquartered or operating in the same countries that we conduct our business. In calculating the fair value of our derivative balances
We base the fair value of our derivative instruments upon market rates and prices. The volatility of these rates and prices are dependent on many factors that cannot be forecasted with reliable accuracy. The current fair values of our contracts could differ significantly from the cash settled values with our counterparties. As such
We may be forced to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date upon the occurrence of certain contractual triggers including a change of control termination event or other breach of agreement. This could have a negative impact on our liquidity. For derivative contracts that we have designated as hedging instruments
 early cash settlement would result in the timing of our hedge settlement not being matched to the cash settlement of the forecasted transaction or firm commitment. We may also decide to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date through negotiations with our counterparties
Due to the nature of our counterparty agreements
 we are not able to net positions with the same counterparty across business units. Thus
 in the event of default
 we may be required to early settle all out-of-the-money contracts
We do not receive and are not required to post collateral unless a change of control event occurs. This termination event would give either party the right to early terminate all outstanding swap transactions in the event that the other party consolidates
 merges with
 or transfers all or substantially all its assets to
 another entity
December&#160;31
 2014
The majority of our derivative contracts qualify and are designated in a hedge accounting relationship. Our foreign currency and interest rate derivative instruments are designated in hedging relationships. Our foreign currency and forward starting interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges and our interest rate swap is designated as a fair value hedge. In certain situations
 we may execute derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting but are determined to be important for managing risk. Economic hedges are measured at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. We have historically elected to apply the NPNS exemption to certain contracts
December&#160;31
 2014
We formally document all relationships receiving hedge accounting treatment between hedging instruments and hedged items
 as well as the risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge transactions pursuant to prescribed guidance. We also formally assess effectiveness both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis
We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when (1)&#160;the derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a forecasted future transaction; (2)&#160;the derivative expires or is sold
 terminated
When we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively
 but it continues to be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period
 the existing gain or loss on the derivative remains in AOCI and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. However
 if it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter
 the gains and losses in AOCI are recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding
 we carry the derivative at its fair value on the consolidated balance sheets until maturity
In May 2012
 in connection with the Acquisition
&#32;of senior notes with portions maturing in 2017
 2022 and 2042. Prior to the issuance of the notes
 we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk by entering into Treasury Locks.&#160;This resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes.&#160;Subsequent to entering into the hedges
 market interest rates decreased
 resulting in more favorable interest rates for the issued notes. Consequently
&#32;on settlement of the Treasury Locks recorded in interest expense for the year ended December 29
Additionally
 in June 2012
 we issued a Euro-denominated Convertible Note to the Seller simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition. The Seller had the ability to exercise a put right with respect to the Convertible Note as of March 14
 2013
 (the &#8220;First Redemption Date&#8221;) and ending on December 19
 2013
12
894
&#32;shares of our Class B common stock
. The related conversion feature was settled in full and therefore is no longer outstanding as of December 31
Note 13
In the first quarter of 2013
 we began executing a series of financial foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our risk associated with payments of our Euro-denominated Convertible Note issued to the Seller simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition in June 2012. The Convertible Note was put to us in the third quarter of 2013. The related conversion feature was settled in full during 2013 and as a result
 all existing foreign exchange forward contracts related to the Convertible Note were settled in the third quarter of 2013. These contracts were not designated in hedge accounting relationships. As such
On April 3
 2012
&#32;at issuance)
 which was funded upon close of the Acquisition on June 15
 2012. In the third quarter of 2012
 we designated the term loan as a net investment hedge of our Central European operations. In the third quarter of 2013
Note 13
During 2014
&#32;per annum and pay a rate to our counterparties based on a credit spread plus the three month LIBOR rate
&#32;notes that results from fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate
 specifically LIBOR
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;recorded in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations
&#32;notes attributable to the benchmark interest rate. Accordingly
December&#160;31
 2014
Note 13
In the second quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;and we intend to enter into multiple additional forward starting interest rate swaps up to the date of the forecasted issuance. The forward starting interest rate swaps have an effective date of September 2015 and a termination date of September 2025 mirroring the terms of the forecasted debt issuance. Under the agreements we are required to early terminate these swaps in 2015 at the time we expect to issue the forecasted debt. We have designated these contracts as cash flow hedges. As a result
Additionally
&#32;private placements notes in Canada
Note 13
&#32;fixed rate senior notes
 and the impact of the forward starting interest rates swaps on the effective interest rate of each issuance. We had designated these contracts as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest payments on a future forecasted debt issuance. As a result
 the realization of the forward starting interest rate swap upon debt issuance
 which were originally recorded to AOCI
. In September 2011
&#32;cross currency swaps. As a result of the settlement
&#32;were reclassified from AOCI to other income (expense)
 net related to the hedge termination. Simultaneously with the settlement of the swaps
In October 2011
 we simultaneously extended both the terms of approximately half of the original intercompany notes and cross currency swaps
&#32;was left unadjusted and continued to be due in May 2012. Following this extension
 in November 2011
the dedesignation of the cash flow hedges
In March 2012
&#32;of our original cross currency swaps that was not refinanced in October 2011 as discussed above. As a result of the 2012 settlement
During 2013
&#32;notional
&#32;and in January 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
As of year end
 we have financial foreign exchange forward contracts in place to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We hedge foreign currency exposure related to certain royalty agreements
 exposure associated with the purchase of production inputs and imports that are denominated in currencies other than the functional entity's local currency
As of year end
 we had financial commodity swap contracts in place to hedge changes in the prices of natural gas
 aluminum
 including surcharges relating to our aluminum exposures
 corn and diesel. These contracts allow us to swap our floating exposure to changes in these commodity prices for a fixed rate. These contracts are not designated in hedge accounting relationships. As such
 changes in fair value of these swaps are recorded in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. We hedge forecasted purchases of natural gas up to 
 aluminum up to 
&#32;out in the future for use in our supply chain
 in line with our risk management policy. For purposes of measuring segment operating performance
 the unrealized changes in fair value of the swaps not designated in hedge accounting relationships are reported in Corporate outside of the segment specific operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing is realized. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from Corporate to the operating segment
We utilize market approaches to estimate the fair value of our derivative instruments by discounting anticipated future cash flows derived from the derivative's contractual terms and observable market interest
 foreign exchange and commodity rates. The fair values of our derivatives also include credit risk adjustments to account for our counterparties' credit risk
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 we had no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. New derivative contracts transacted during 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
During the periods presented we recorded no significant ineffectiveness related to these cash flow
December&#160;31
 2014
 will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. For derivatives designated in cash flow hedge relationships
December&#160;31
 2014
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Interest expense
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Includes current liabilities related to derivatives
 income taxes
 pensions and other postretirement benefits and other accrued expenses. Other current liabilities as of December 31
 2013
Note 7
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;of the letters contain a feature that automatically renews the letter for an additional year if no cancellation notice is submitted. These letters of credit are being maintained as security for deferred compensation payments
 reimbursements to insurance companies
 reimbursements to the trustee for pension payments
 deductibles or retention payments made on our behalf
 various payments due to governmental agencies
 operations of underground storage tanks and other general business purposes
Related to our previous ownership in the Montr&#233;al Canadiens
 we guarantee its obligations under a ground lease for the Bell Centre Arena (the Ground Lease Guarantee). Upon sale of our interest
of credit to guarantee such indemnity. This transaction did not materially affect our risk exposure related to the Ground Lease Guarantee
Related to guarantees
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
We have various long-term supply contracts with unaffiliated third parties and our joint venture partners to purchase materials used in production and packaging. The supply contracts provide that we purchase certain minimum levels of materials throughout the terms of the contracts. Additionally
Note 5
December&#160;31
. The amounts in the table do not represent all anticipated payments under long-term contracts. Rather
1
834.7
$1
209.2 million
$1
042.7 million
We have various long-term non-cancelable commitments for advertising
 sponsorships and promotions
 including marketing at sports arenas
December&#160;31
 2014
 these future commitments are as follows:
 
 
December&#160;31
 2014
 future minimum lease payments under operating leases that have initial or remaining non-cancelable terms in excess of one year are as follows:
 
 
In 2006
 we sold our entire equity interest in Kaiser to FEMSA. The terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify FEMSA for certain exposures related to tax
 civil and labor contingencies arising prior to FEMSA's purchase of Kaiser. In addition
During 2010
 we reached a settlement agreement with FEMSA for the entirety of our indemnity obligations corresponding to the principal
 penalties
 interest and attorney's fees owed by Kaiser for the first category of purchased credits. This favorable settlement involved a cash payment of 
&#32;of maximum potential tax claims
&#32;of indemnity liabilities were accrued on our consolidated balance sheets at December&#160;26
 2009. The payment was made in the second quarter of 2010. The maximum potential claims amount remaining for the second category of purchased tax credits (which we believe present less risk than the first category)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 our total estimate of the indemnity liability was 
Our estimates consider a number of scenarios for the ultimate resolution of these issues
 the probabilities of which are influenced not only by legal developments in Brazil but also by management's intentions with regard to various alternatives that could present themselves leading to the ultimate resolution of these issues. The liabilities are impacted by changes in estimates regarding amounts that could be paid
 the timing of such payments
Additionally
 we also provided FEMSA with indemnity related to all other tax
 civil
 and labor contingencies existing as of the date of sale. In this regard
 however
 FEMSA assumed their full share of all of these contingent liabilities that had been previously recorded and disclosed by us prior to the sale on January&#160;13
 2006. However
&#32;equity interest of Kaiser
. As a result of these contract provisions
 our estimates include not only probability-weighted potential cash outflows associated with indemnity provisions
 but also probability-weighted cash inflows that could result from favorable settlements
 which could occur through negotiation or settlement programs arising from the federal or any of the various state governments in Brazil. The recorded value of the tax
 civil
December&#160;31
 2014
 which is classified as non-current. For the remaining portion of our indemnity obligations
 not deemed probable
Future settlement procedures and related negotiation activities associated with these contingencies are largely outside of our control. The sale agreement requires annual cash settlements relating to the tax
 civil
involved with the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies
 significant adjustments to the carrying values of the indemnity obligations have been recorded to date
 and additional future adjustments may be required. These liabilities are denominated in Brazilian Reais and are therefore
 subject to foreign exchange gains or losses
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
The gains (losses) recorded for the Kaiser indemnities and the distribution litigation are presented within discontinued operations. The table below summarizes the income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Loss related to adjustment in legal reserves for distribution litigation due to changes in estimates
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
Related to litigation
 other disputes and environmental issues
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
In addition to the specific cases discussed below
 we are involved in other disputes and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of our business. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the outcome of these proceedings
 in our opinion
 based on a review with legal counsel
 none of these disputes and legal actions is expected to have a material impact on our business
 consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we received an assessment from a local country regulatory authority in Europe related to the application of tax on the production and sale of our products over the prior 24 months for approximately 
December&#160;31
.&#160;While we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position
 if the assessment
 as issued
 is ultimately upheld it could materially affect our results of operations.&#160;Based on the assessment received and related impacts
 we estimate a range of loss of 
December&#160;31
In 2013 we became aware of potential liabilities in several European countries primarily related to local country regulatory matters associated with pre-Acquisition periods. We recorded liabilities related to these matters in the second quarter of 2013 as we finalized purchase price accounting related to the Acquisition. During the first quarter of 2014
 these matters were favorably resolved and we released the associated indirect-tax and income-tax-related reserves
 inclusive of post-Acquisition accrued interest
&#32;recorded within marketing
. As a result of the resolution
 in the first quarter of 2014
Note 13
While we cannot predict the eventual aggregate cost for environmental and related matters in which we are currently involved
 we believe that any payments
 if required
 for these matters would be made over a period of time in amounts that would not be material in any one year to our results from operations
On December 12
 2014
 a notice of action captioned David Hughes and 631992 Ontario Inc. v. Liquor Control Board of Ontario
 Brewers Retail Inc.
 Labatt Breweries of Canada LP
 Molson Coors Canada and Sleeman Breweries Ltd. No. CV-14-518059-00CP was filed in Ontario
 Canada. Brewers' Retail&#160;Inc. (BRI) and its owners
 including Molson Coors Canada
 as well as the Liquor Control Board of Ontario (LCBO) are named as defendants in the action. The plaintiffs allege that The Beer Store (retail outlets owned and operated by BRI) and LCBO improperly entered into an agreement to fix prices and market allocation within the Ontario beer market to the detriment of licensees and consumers. The plaintiffs seek to have the claim certified as a class action on behalf of all Ontario beer consumers and licensees and
 among other things
. Although we are at an early stage of the proceedings
 we note that The Beer Store operates according to the rules established by the Government of Ontario for regulation
 sale and distribution of beer in the province. Additionally
 prices at The Beer Store are independently set by each brewer and are approved by the LCBO on a weekly basis. As such
In December 2012
 Miller Brewing Company (&#8220;Miller&#8221;) informed us of its intent to terminate the license agreement between Miller and us whereby we have exclusive rights to distribute certain Miller products in Canada (the &#8220;License Agreement&#8221;). We subsequently filed a lawsuit in Ontario
 Canada (Molson Canada 2005 v. Miller Brewing Company
 Sup. Ct. of Justice-Ontario
 CV-12-470589) and on June 20
 2013
 were granted an injunction preventing Miller's termination of the License Agreement
 pending a trial on the merits. During December 2013
 upon completion of discovery and exchange of affidavits
 both parties requested an extension of the trial and entered into private settlement discussions. Based on the best information available at the time
&#32;recorded as a special item within our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2013. On October 9
 2014
 we executed a settlement agreement with Miller. Pursuant to the terms of the settlement
 we will continue to operate under the License Agreement until March 31
 2015
 at which time all of our operations with regards to the Miller brands in Canada will terminate. We received half of the mutually agreed upon settlement payment following the execution of the settlement and will receive the remainder upon transition at the end of the first quarter of 2015. Order of official dismissal of the lawsuit was granted by the court on November 24
In the third quarter of 2014
 we updated our assessment of the associated Miller license agreement definite-lived intangible asset for impairment. The analysis
 primarily factoring in the settlement payments
&#32;for the definite-lived intangible asset
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;and is indicative of the remaining settlement amount plus the future cash flows expected to be generated under the License Agreement through March 31
 2015. We recognized net sales related to the License Agreement of 
 
 
When we determine it is probable that a liability for environmental matters or other legal actions exists and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable
 an estimate of the future costs is recorded as a liability in the financial statements. Costs that extend the life
 increase the capacity or improve the safety or efficiency of our assets or are incurred to mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination may be capitalized. Other environmental costs are expensed when incurred. Total environmental expenditures are recognized as other expense for 
Our Canada brewing operations are subject to provincial environmental regulations and local permit requirements. Our Montr&#233;al and Toronto breweries have water treatment facilities to pre-treat waste water before it goes to the respective local governmental facility for final treatment. We have environmental programs in Canada including organization
 monitoring and verification
 regulatory compliance
 reporting
 education and training
We sold a chemical specialties business in 1996. We are still responsible for certain aspects of environmental remediation
 undertaken or planned
We were previously notified that we are or may be a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation and Liability Act or similar state laws for the cleanup of sites where hazardous substances have allegedly been released into the environment. We cannot predict with certainty the total costs of cleanup
 our share of the total cost
 the extent to which contributions will be available from other parties
We are one of a number of entities named by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as a PRP at the Lowry Superfund site. This landfill is owned by the City and County of Denver (Denver) and is managed by Waste Management of Colorado
&#160;Inc. (Waste Management). In 1990
 we recorded a pretax charge of 
&#32;(in 1992 adjusted dollars). We are obligated to pay a portion of future costs
 if any
&#32;threshold
income taxes
 which we believe are not an included cost
Based on these assumptions
December&#160;31
 2014
 are approximately 
 respectively. We did not assume any future recoveries from insurance companies in the estimate of our liability
Considering the estimates extend through the year 2032 and the related uncertainties at the site
 including what additional remedial actions may be required by the EPA
&#32;is reached
 the estimate of our liability may change as further facts develop. We cannot predict the amount of any such change
In prior years
 we have been notified by the EPA and certain state environmental divisions that we are a PRP
 along with other parties
 at the Cooper Drum site in southern California
 the East Rutherford and Berry's Creek sites in New Jersey and the Chamblee and Smyrna sites in Georgia. Certain former non-beer business operations
 which we discontinued use of and sold (excluding the property of the former Chamblee site) in the mid-1990s
We are aware of groundwater contamination at some of our properties in Colorado resulting from historical
 ongoing
capital expenditures
 results of operations or our financial or competitive position
For purposes of this Note&#160;20
 including the tables
 Parent Guarantor and 2012 Issuer shall mean MCBC and Subsidiary Guarantors shall mean certain Canadian
 U.S. and European subsidiaries reflecting the substantial operations of each of our Canadian and U.S. segments
On May 3
 2012
&#32;of senior notes
 in a registered public offering
&#32;senior notes due 2017
&#32;senior notes due 2022
Note 13
September&#160;22
 2005
&#32;privately placed notes maturing on September 22
&#32;senior notes which were quantified by way of a prospectus in Canada. In connection with an internal corporate reorganization
&#32;senior notes were repaid in 2010. The continuous disclosure requirements applicable to MC Capital Finance in Canada are satisfied through the consolidating financial information in respect of MC Capital Finance
Note 13
December&#160;31
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified an immaterial error related to unrecognized tax benefits in previous years and have revised our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2013
Note 7
&#32;for further information. We have revised our guarantor condensed consolidating balance sheet as of December 31
 2013
 included herein
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
. Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for under the equity method; accordingly
 entries necessary to consolidate the Parent Guarantor and all of our guarantor and non-guarantor subsidiaries are reflected in the eliminations column. In the opinion of management
DECEMBER&#160;31
4
1
5
(1
(1
3
1
4
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
DECEMBER&#160;31
4
1
5
(1
(1
3
1
4
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
1
(1
DECEMBER&#160;29
4
5
(1
(1
3
3
(1
(2
1
1
Marketing
(1
Special items
Interest income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
DECEMBER&#160;31
Accounts receivable
Other receivables
Other current assets
3
(3
4
(3
1
Properties
1
1
1
1
2
Other intangibles
3
1
5
2
2
12
3
5
(22
Other assets
12
16
10
(25
13
1
2
(3
2
2
(3
2
1
2
1
5
(6
4
4
7
(10
6
7
18
4
(22
7
(5
(1
6
7
12
2
(15
7
7
12
2
(15
7
12
16
10
(25
13
DECEMBER&#160;31
Accounts receivable
Other receivables
Other current assets
3
(3
4
(3
1
Properties
1
1
1
1
2
Other intangibles
4
2
6
2
2
12
3
6
(22
Other assets
13
16
11
(26
15
1
2
1
(3
2
1
1
(3
2
1
1
3
1
6
(7
4
4
8
(11
6
8
18
4
(22
8
(6
(1
7
8
12
2
(14
8
8
12
3
(14
8
13
16
11
(26
15
DECEMBER&#160;31
1
(1
(1
1
1
DECEMBER&#160;31
1
(1
(1
1
1
(1
(1
DECEMBER&#160;29
1
Acquisition of businesses
(2
(2
(1
(1
(2
(2
5
(2
(2
(2
5
(2
2
2
2
3
(5
1
1
2
(4
1
1
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
In previous years
 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#8217;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#160;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#8217;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#160;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as such item is defined under Rule&#160;13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation
December&#160;31
 2014
 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management necessarily applies its judgment in assessing the costs and benefits of such controls and procedures that
 by their nature
 can only provide reasonable assurance regarding management's control objectives. Also
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule&#160;13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of the inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become ineffective due to changes in conditions
Our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 with assistance from other members of management
December&#160;31
 2014
&#32;(the 2013 Framework)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM&#160;10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
All of Molson Coors' directors and employees
 including its Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and other senior financial officers
 are bound by Molson Coors' Code of Business Conduct
 which complies with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and the SEC to ensure that the business of Molson Coors is conducted in a legal and ethical manner. The Code of Business Conduct covers all areas of professional conduct
 including employment policies
 conflicts of interest
 fair dealing
 and the protection of confidential information
 as well as strict adherence to all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct is available on the Molson Coors website
 www.molsoncoors.com. Molson Coors intends to disclose amendments to
 or waivers from
Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with the Chairman of the Board
 Chairman of the Audit Committee
 the independent Directors as a group or the non-employee Directors as a group by writing to those individuals or the group at the following address: Molson Coors Brewing Company
 c/o Corporate Secretary
 1225 17th&#160;Street
 Suite&#160;3200
 Denver
Additional information concerning our executive officers
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
The following table summarizes information about the 1990 Adolph Coors Equity Incentive Plan
December&#160;31
outstanding options
outstanding options
3
408
7
389
3
408
7
389
Under the Plans
 we may issue restricted stock units (RSUs)
 deferred stock units (DSUs)
 performance units (PUs)
 performance share units (PSUs)
816
&#32;RSUs and DSUs
30
December&#160;31
)
349
2
212
&#32;options
 respectively
December&#160;31
. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 14
&#32;of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Outstanding RSUs
 DSUs
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
&#32;annual meeting of stockholders
December&#160;31
Financial Statements
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
Agreement
 dated as of April 3
 2012
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
April 3
Amendment and Novation Agreement
 dated as of June 14
 2012
 by and between Molson Coors Holdco 2 LLC
 Molson Coors Netherlands B.V.
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
June 18
Management Warranty Deed
 dated as of April 3
 2012
 by and among the management warrantors named therein
April 3
December&#160;9
August 6
August&#160;4
Indenture
 dated as of September&#160;22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance&#160;ULC
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Distributing Company
 Coors International Market Development
 L.L.L.P.
 Coors Worldwide
&#160;Inc.
 Coors Global Properties
&#160;Inc.
 Coors Intercontinental
&#160;Inc.
 and Coors Brewing Company International
&#160;Inc. and TD&#160;Banknorth
October 19
Third Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of April&#160;10
 2007
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance&#160;ULC
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Distributing Company
 Coors International Market Development
 L.L.L.P.
 Coors Worldwide
&#160;Inc.
 Coors Global Properties
&#160;Inc.
 Coors Intercontinental
&#160;Inc.
 and Coors Brewing Company International
August 7
Seventh Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June&#160;30
 2008
 to the Indenture dated September&#160;22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance&#160;ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 Bank of New York Trust Company
 as trustee
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 6
Eighth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of December 25
 2010
 to the Indenture dated September 22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 27
Ninth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March 8
 2011
 to the Indenture dated September 22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 27
Tenth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of November 11
 2011
 to the Indenture dated September 22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 27
Eleventh Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 to the Indenture dated September 22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Twelfth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 to the Indenture dated September 22
 2005
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 the guarantors named therein
 and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 8
Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 22
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of October&#160;6
 2010
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2012
 by and among Molson Coors International LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 22
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of December&#160;25
 2010
 to the Indenture dated October&#160;6
 2010
 among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 3
Third Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March&#160;8
 2011
 to the Indenture dated October&#160;6
 2010
 among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 3
Fourth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of November 11
 2011
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
February 27
Sixth Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 to the Indenture dated October 6
 2010
 by and among Molson Coors International&#160;LP
 the guarantors named therein and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
August 8
Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
May 3
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 3
 2012
 to the Indenture dated May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
May 3
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 to the Indenture dated May 3
 2012
 by and among the Company
 the guarantors named therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
August 8
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;9
 2005
 among Adolph Coors Company
 Pentland Securities (1981)&#160;Inc.
 4280661 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Nooya Investments&#160;Ltd.
 Lincolnshire Holdings Limited
 4198832 Canada&#160;Inc.
 BAX Investments Limited
 6339522 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Barleycorn Investments&#160;Ltd.
 DJS Holdings&#160;Ltd.
 6339549 Canada&#160;Inc.
 Hoopoe Holdings&#160;Ltd.
 6339603 Canada&#160;Inc.
 and The Adolph Coors
&#160;Jr. Trust dated September&#160;12
February 15
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of June 15
 2012
 among Molson Coors Brewing Company
June 18
CAD 900
000
November 4
&#8364;500
000
June 18
Adolph Coors Company 1990 Equity Incentive Plan effective August&#160;14
 2003
 As Corrected and Conformed June&#160;30
August 6
Adolph Coors Company Equity Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 Amended and Restated effective November&#160;13
 2003
 As Corrected and Conformed June&#160;30
August 6
Adolph Coors Company Deferred Compensation Plan
 as Amended and Restated effective January&#160;1
 2002
 as Corrected and Conformed June&#160;30
August 6
February 19
Molson&#160;Inc. 1988 Canadian Stock Option Plan
February 8
Amended and Restated Directors' Stock Plan effective May 31
August 8
Molson Coors Brewing Company Incentive Compensation Plan - Amended and Restated effective June&#160;2
April 20
June 4
August 4
August 4
November 7
November 7
November 7
May 11
Molson Coors Brewing Company Amended and Restated Change in Control Protection Program effective January&#160;1
August 8
Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter Swinburn dated April&#160;22
May 7
Employment Agreement by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter Swinburn effective July&#160;1
November 7
February 14
Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors dated January&#160;1
May 6
February 14
Letter Agreement between Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors amending (1)&#160;the Amended Salary Continuation Agreement between Coors Brewing Company and Peter&#160;H. Coors dated July&#160;1
 1991 (as subsequently amended)
 and (2)&#160;the Molson Coors Brewing Excess Benefit Plan
 as restated effective June&#160;30
 2008 (as subsequently amended)
 effective January&#160;1
May 6
Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Gavin Hattersley dated May 10
August 8
Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 18
 2014
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Canada 2005
 Molson Coors Canada Inc. and Molson Coors International LP
 the Lenders party thereto
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent and an Issuing Bank
 Deutsche Bank AG
 Canada Branch
 as Canadian Administrative Agent
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
August 16
Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement
 dated as of June 18
 2014
 among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Molson Coors International LP
 Coors Brewing Company
 CBC Holdco LLC
 CBC Holdco 2 LLC
 MC Holding Company LLC
 Newco3
 Inc.
 Molson Coors Holdco Inc.
 Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
 Molson Coors International General
 ULC
 Coors International Holdco
 ULC
 Molson Coors Callco ULC
 Molson Coors Canada Holdco
 ULC
 Molson Holdco
 ULC
 3230600 Nova Scotia Company ULC
 Molson Canada 2005
 Molson Coors Canada Inc.
 Molson Inc.
 Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Coors Holdings Limited
 Golden Acquisition
 Molson Coors (UK) Holdings LLP
 and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
August 16
EUR 150
000
000 Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement
 dated as of September 10
 2012
 by and among StarBev Netherlands B.V. and Molson Coors Netherlands B.V.
 as borrowers; Molson Coors Brewing Company
 as guarantor; Unicredit Bank Czech Republic
 A.S. and ING Bank N.V.
 Prague Branch
 as mandated lead arrangers; the original lenders thereto; UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch
 as agent; and ING Bank N.V.
 Prague Branch
September 12
Facility Amendment Letter
 dated as of March 22
 2013
 to the Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement by and among Starbev Netherlands B.V. and Molson Coors Netherlands B.V. as borrowers
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 as guarantor
 Unicredit Bank Czech Republic
 A.S. and ING Bank N.V.
 Prague Branch as mandated lead arrangers
 the original lenders party thereto
 Unicredit Bank AG
 London Branch
 as agent and ING Bank N.V.
 Prague Branch
May 7
Amendment and Restatement Agreement (to the EUR 150
000
000 Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement)
 dated as of September 9
 2013
 by and among StarBev Netherlands BV and Molson Coors Netherlands BV as borrowers
 Unicredit Bank Czech Republic
 A.S. and Citibank Europe PLC
 Organizacni Slozka
 as mandated lead arrangers
 and Unicredit Bank AG
 London Branch
September 9
Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement in respect of the Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement
 originally dated September 10
 2012 by and among by and among Starbev Netherlands BV and Molson Coors Netherlands BV
 as existing borrowers; Molson Coors Lux 2 and Molson Coors European Finance Company
 as new borrowers
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 as guarantor; UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia
 A.S. and Citibank Europe PLC
 organiza&#232;n&#237; slo&#382;ka
 as mandated lead arrangers; the original lenders thereto; UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch
 as agent
 dated September 9
November 6
Schedule 3 to the Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement in respect of the Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement
 originally dated September 10
 2012 by and among by and among Starbev Netherlands BV and Molson Coors Netherlands BV
 as existing borrowers; Molson Coors Lux 2 and Molson Coors European Finance Company
 as new borrowers
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 as guarantor; UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia
 A.S. and Citibank Europe PLC
 organiza&#232;n&#237; slo&#382;ka
 as mandated lead arrangers; the original lenders thereto; UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch
 as agent
 dated September 9
November 6
Amending Letter
 dated October 20
 2014
 to the Second Amendment and Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement in respect of the Unsecured Uncommitted Revolving Facilities Agreement
 originally dated September 10
 2012 by and among by and among Starbev Netherlands BV and Molson Coors Netherlands BV
 as existing borrowers; Molson Coors Lux 2 and Molson Coors European Finance Company
 as new borrowers
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 as guarantor; UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia
 A.S. and Citibank Europe PLC
 organiza&#232;n&#237; slo&#382;ka
 as mandated lead arrangers; the original lenders thereto; UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch
 as agent
 dated September 9
Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;11
 2007
 with respect to a warrant transaction entered into between Citibank
August 7
Amendment to Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;13
 2007
 with respect to a warrant transaction entered into between Citibank
 N.A.
 as its agent
August 7
Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;11
 2007
August 7
Amendment to Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;13
 2007
August 7
Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;11
 2007
 with respect to a warrant transaction entered into between Morgan Stanley&#160;&amp;&#160;Co. International&#160;plc
 represented by Morgan Stanley Bank
 as its agent
August 7
Amendment to Equity Derivatives Confirmation
 dated as of June&#160;13
 2007
 with respect to a warrant transaction entered into between Morgan Stanley&#160;&amp;&#160;Co. International&#160;plc
 represented by Morgan Stanley Bank
 as its agent
August 7
Joint Venture Agreement
 dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
December 21
Amendment No.&#160;1 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of April&#160;4
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amendment No.&#160;2 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of April&#160;4
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amendment No.&#160;3 to Joint Venture Agreement dated as of July&#160;1
 2008
 to the Joint Venture Agreement dated December&#160;20
 2007
 by and among Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Coors Brewing Company
 SABMiller&#160;plc
 Miller Brewing Company
August 6
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of MillerCoors&#160;LLC
 dated as of July&#160;1
July 2
March 20
Employment Agreement between Molson Coors Brewing Company and Mark R. Hunter
 dated as of November 13
November 17
Variation Agreement dated November 12
February 14
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
 (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
Amounts related to write-offs of uncollectible accounts
We have revised our reported 2013 and 2012 amounts to reflect the inclusion of tax loss carryforwards that have a corresponding valuation allowance in China. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
February&#160;12
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
February&#160;12
 2015














		


DATED AS OF MAY 3
dated as of September 22
MOLSON COORS CAPITAL FINANCE ULC
as Issuer
THE GUARANTORS NAMED THEREIN
as Guarantors
THIS ELEVENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
 dated as of May 3
&#8221;)
 to the Indenture dated as of September 22
 2005
 as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture and Second Supplemental Indenture thereto
 each dated as of September 22
 2005
 the Third Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of April 10
 2007
 the Fourth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of February 1
 2008
 the Fifth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of May 23
 2008
 the Sixth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of June 27
 2008
 the Seventh Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of June 30
 2008
 the Eighth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of December 25
 2010
 the Ninth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated as of March 8
 2011 and the Tenth Supplemental Indenture thereto dated November 11
 2011 (collectively
and
&#8221;)
 among Molson Coors Capital Finance ULC
&#8221;)
Molson Coors Brewing Company
&#8221;)
Coors Brewing Company
 a Colorado corporation
 Molson Coors International LP
 a Delaware limited partnership
 CBC Holdco LLC
 a Colorado limited liability company
 MCBC International Holdco
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 Molson Coors International General
 ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 Coors International Holdco
 ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 Molson Coors Calico ULC
 a Nova Scotia unlimited liability company
 Molson Canada 2005
 a Canadian partnership
 MC Holding Company LLC
 a Colorado limited liability company
 CBC Holdco 2 LLC
 a Colorado limited liability company
 Newco3
 Inc.
 a Colorado corporation
 Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 an English private limited company
 Molson Coors Holdings Limited
 an English private limited company and Golden Acquisition
 an English private unlimited company (collectively
&#8221;)
and Computershare Trust Company of Canada
 a trust company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Canada
 as successor to The Canada Trust Company
WHEREAS
 the Company
NOW
 THEREFORE
Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited
 Molson Coors Holdings Limited and Golden Acquisition each hereby agrees to guarantee payment of the Securities as a Subsidiary Guarantor
Except as expressly amended or supplemented hereby
all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms
 conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.  This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Original Indenture for all purposes
 and every Holder of any Securities heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered pursuant thereto shall be bound hereby.  Except only insofar as the Original Indenture may be inconsistent with the express provisions of this Supplemental Indenture
 in which case the terms of this Supplemental Indenture shall govern and supersede those contained in the Original Indenture
This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original
This Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with
In carrying out the Canadian Trustee&#8217;s responsibilities hereunder
 the Canadian Trustee shall have all of the rights
 protections
 and immunities which the Canadian Trustee possesses under the Indenture.  The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
Title: Vice President
 Treasurer
By:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CBC HOLDCO 2
GENERAL
 ULC
MOLSON COORS INTERNATIONAL GENERAL
COORS INTERNATIONAL HOLDCO
CANADIAN TRUSTEE:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY OF CANADA















		


UniCredit Bank AG
For the attention of:&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Mr. Thomas Hancock
Gillian Akhurst
 Director
Dear Sirs
We refer to the unsecured and uncommitted revolving facility agreement dated 10&#160;September 2012 between
 among others
 Molson Coors Brewing Company as guarantor
 Starbev Netherlands B.V.
 Molson Coors Netherlands B.V.
 Molson Coors Lux 2 and Molson Coors European Finance Company as borrowers
 UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch as agent and UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia
 a.s. (formerly UniCredit Bank Czech Republic
 a.s.) and Citibank Europe plc
 organiza&#269;n&#237; slo&#382;ka
 as arrangers and lenders (as amended and restated from time to time including most recently by a second amendment and restatement agreement dated 9 September 2014
Capitalised terms defined in the Revolving Facility Agreement have the same meaning when used in this letter
) of the Revolving Facility Agreement we hereby request that the following amendments be made to the Revolving Facility Agreement (together
&#8221; means any sale
 lease
 licence
 transfer or other disposal (which
 except in the case of paragraph (b)
of assets (other than of shares
of assets (other than shares
 businesses and undertakings) in exchange for other assets comparable or superior as to type
of the shares or the assets of a member of the Group that is not a Material Subsidiary other than (to the extent that they are not Material Subsidiaries) the Croatian Operating Company
the Borrowers cease to directly or indirectly hold or control (individually or &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;jointly) at least 90% of shares and votes in the Croatian Operating Company
the Borrowers cease to be able (individually or jointly) to direct any of the Material Operating Companies&#8217; affairs and/or to control the composition of any Material Operating Company&#8217;s board of directors or equivalent &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;body
) of the Revolving Facility Agreement
From the date on which the Agent countersigns this letter
Except as otherwise provided in this letter
Except to the extent expressly waived in this letter
reserve all their rights and remedies in respect of any breach of
 or other Default under
If you agree to the terms of this letter
Yours faithfully
) of the Revolving Facility Agreement
UniCredit Bank AG
 London Branch 














		


This Award Notice evidences the award of nonqualified stock options (each
&#8221; or collectively
&#8221;) that have been granted to you
 XXX
 by Molson Coors Brewing Company
&#8221;)
 subject to and conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms of this Award Notice
&#8221;).  When vested
 each stock option entitles you to purchase one share of Class B common stock of the Company
This Award Notice constitutes part of
 and is subject to the terms and provisions of
 the Agreement and the Plan
XXX
&#8221;)
Subject to the provisions of the Agreement and the Plan and provided that you remain continuously employed by the Company and/or an Affiliate through the respective vesting dates set forth below
Except for termination of employment due to Retirement (defined in the Agreement)
To the extent not already vested or previously forfeited
You must accept this Award Notice by logging onto your account with Merrill Lynch and accepting this grant agreement.  If you fail to do so
 the Options will be null and void.  By accepting the Options granted to you in this Award
 you agree to be bound by all of the provisions set forth in this Award Notice
 the Agreement
&#8221;) has granted to you an Award consisting of nonqualified stock options
&#8221;). The decisions and interpretations of the Committee are binding
 conclusive and final upon any questions arising under the Award Notice
&#8221;) or the Plan. Unless otherwise defined herein or in the Award Notice
. On the Grant Date
. The Options shall become vested and non-forfeitable in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth in the Award Notice. Vesting may be accelerated as described in the Award Notice.  For purposes of the Award Notice and this Agreement
&#8221; means termination of employment
 other than for Cause
. Except for termination of employment due to Retirement
If you terminate employment for reasons other than for death
 Retirement
 disability or Cause
 your vested Options may be exercised for a period of one year following the date of your termination.  If you terminate employment due to death
 your vested Options may be exercised by your designated beneficiary for fifteen months following your date of death. If you terminate employment due to Retirement or disability
 your vested Options may be exercised for three years following the date of your termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing
If you terminate employment for Cause
 all Options
 vested and unvested
. Prior to the Expiration Date (or such earlier date provided in Section 3 above
 you may exercise your vested Options by providing notice to the Company
 in the manner specified by the Committee from time to time
 of the number of Shares to be exercised
 accompanied by full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares by tendering cash
You agree to make appropriate arrangements with the Company or an Affiliate for satisfaction of any applicable federal
 state
 local or foreign tax withholding requirements or like requirements with respect to the exercise of Options no later than the date on which such withholding is required under applicable law. To satisfy such payment obligation
 you agree the Company or an Affiliate shall have the right to withhold a number of whole Shares otherwise deliverable to you upon the exercise of the Options having a Fair Market Value (defined in the Plan)
 as of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise
 not in excess of the obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates; alternatively
 the Company may require you
 through payroll withholding
 cash payment or otherwise
 to make adequate provision for
 the federal
 state
 local and foreign taxes
 if any
Nothing in the Plan
 the Award Notice or this Agreement will alter your at-will or other employment status with the Company or an Affiliate
 nor be construed as a contract of employment between you and the Company or an Affiliate
 or as a contractual right for you to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate for any period of time
 or as a limitation of the right of the Company or an Affiliate to discharge you at any time with or without cause or notice and whether or not such discharge results in the forfeiture of any of your Options
. No Option granted under the Plan may be sold
 transferred
 pledged
 assigned
 or otherwise alienated or hypothecated
 otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Subject to Section 18
. You agree the Company and its suppliers or vendors may collect
 use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of the implementation
 management
. The Committee may amend
 alter
 modify
 suspend or terminate the Award Notice or this Agreement at any time and from time to time
 in whole or in part; provided
 however
 no amendment
 alteration
 modification
 suspension or termination of the Award Notice or Agreement shall adversely affect in any material way the Award Notice or this Agreement
 without your written consent
 except to the extent such amendment
 alteration
 modification
 suspension or termination is reasonably determined by the Committee in its sole discretion to be necessary to comply with applicable laws
 rules
 regulations
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and
 subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein
 be binding upon you and your heirs
 beneficiaries
 executors
 legal representatives
. The Award Notice
 this Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersedes any prior agreements
 understandings
 restrictions
 representations
. The Award Notice and this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware
 excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of the Award Notice and this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts of Colorado
. Captions and titles contained in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.  Except when otherwise indicated by the context
 the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term &#8220;or&#8221; is not intended to be exclusive
. Article 15 of the Plan is not applicable to those Participants in the Plan who are residents of Quebec. Any beneficiary designation or revocation of such beneficiary designation made by such residents must be made through a will
. This Agreement is intended to conform in all respects with
 and is subject to all applicable provisions of
 the Plan. Any conflict between the terms of the Award Notice
 this Agreement and the Plan shall be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Plan. In the event of any ambiguity in the Award Notice or this Agreement or any matters as to which the Award Notice and this Agreement are silent
 the Plan shall govern. Any conflict between the terms of the Award Notice and the Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the information provided on any intranet site or internet website and the Award Notice
 the Agreement or the Plan
 the Award Notice
 Agreement or the Plan
 as applicable
 shall govern as provided above.














		


February 12
Denver
We have audited the consolidated financial statements included in the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014 and issued our report thereon dated February 12
has not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature
 and in expressing our concurrence below we have relied on management&#8217;s determination that this change in accounting principle is preferable.  Based on our reading of management&#8217;s stated reasons and justification for this change in accounting principle in the Form 10-K
 and our discussions with management as to their judgment about the relevant business planning factors relating to the change
 we concur with management that such change represents
 in the Company&#8217;s circumstances
 the adoption of a preferable accounting principle in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 250
Very truly yours
Denver
 Colorado














		


The following table lists our significant subsidiaries and the respective jurisdictions of their organization or incorporation as of December 31
 2014. With the exception of MillerCoors&#160;LLC
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Coors International Holdco
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Coors International General
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Coors Canada Holdco
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Molson Holdco
Molson Coors Holdco
Effective
 July&#160;1
 2008
 Molson Coors Brewing Company and SABMiller&#160;plc combined the U.S. and Puerto Rico operations of their respective subsidiaries
 Coors Brewing Company and Miller Brewing Company. Each party contributed its business and related operating assets and certain liabilities into an operating joint venture company. The percentage interests in the profits of the joint venture are 58% for SABMiller&#160;plc and 42% for Molson Coors Brewing Company. Voting interests are shared 50%-50%
 and each investing company has equal board representation within MillerCoors&#160;LLC. Both parties to the MillerCoors joint venture are currently able to transfer their economic and voting interest
 however
 certain rights of first refusal will apply to any assignment of such interests. &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-124140
 333-122628
 333-110855
 333-110854
 33-40730
 333-103573
 333-59516
 333-38378
 333-166521 and 333-183243) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-120776
 333-49952
February&#160;12
 2015
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Molson Coors Brewing Company
Denver
February&#160;12
 2015














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-124140
 333-122628
 333-110855
 333-110854
 33-40730
 333-103573
 333-59516
 333-38378
 333-166521 and 333-183243) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-120776
 333-49952
February&#160;12
 2015
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of MillerCoors LLC
Milwaukee
February&#160;12
 2015














		


I
 Mark Hunter
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;12
 2015














		


I
 Gavin Hattersley
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
February&#160;12
 2015














		


The undersigned
 the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) respectively
December&#160;31
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
February&#160;12
February&#160;12
A signed original of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section&#160;906
 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.














		


We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of MillerCoors LLC and its subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design
 implementation
financial statements that are free from material misstatement
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.  The procedures selected depend on our judgment
financial statements
 whether due to fraud or error.  In making those risk assessments
 we consider internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control.  Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
and its subsidiaries at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31
Milwaukee
February 12
8
8
8
(1
(1
(1
7
7
7
(4
(4
(4
3
3
3
Marketing
(1
(1
(1
1
1
1
Interest expense
Other income
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
(In millions
Accounts receivable
Inventories
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
4
4
Other intangible assets
1
1
9
9
1
1
1
2
2
Capital stock (840
000 Class&#160;A shares and 160
8
8
(1
(1
7
7
7
7
9
9
1
1
1
Loss on disposal of property
Change in assets and liabilities
1
1
1
Additions to property
Proceeds from disposal of property
Acquisition of businesses
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
(1
(1
1
1
December 31
8
(1
7
MillerCoors LLC and subsidiaries (&#8220;MillerCoors&#8221; or &#8220;the Company&#8221;) brews
 markets and sells the MillerCoors portfolio of brands in the United States (U.S.) and Puerto Rico.  Its major brands include Coors Light
 Miller Lite
 Keystone
 Miller High Life
 and Blue Moon.  In addition
MillerCoors is a joint venture combining the U.S. and Puerto Rican operations of SABMiller plc (&#8220;SABMiller&#8221;) and Molson Coors Brewing Company (&#8220;Molson Coors&#8221;) with Miller Brewing Company (&#8220;Miller&#8221;) and MC Holding Company LLC (&#8220;Coors&#8221;) being the direct owners of the Company
 collectively the &#8220;Shareholders.&#8221;  Miller and Coors each have a 50% voting interest in MillerCoors and a 58% and 42% economic interest
 respectively.  SABMiller and Molson Coors have agreed that all of their U.S. operations will be conducted exclusively through the joint venture.  The joint venture commenced on July 1
 2008.  MillerCoors' opening balances as of July 1
 2008 were based on contributions of assets and liabilities from the Shareholders recognized on a carryover basis.  If the Company were to dissolve
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions.  The Company believes that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable based on information available at the time they are made.  To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
The Company records accounts receivable at net realizable value.  This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts receivable balances.  The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
December&#160;31
 2014
Inventories are stated at lower of cost or market.  Cost is determined by the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.  Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.  Buildings and improvements are depreciated over useful lives ranging from 20 to 40 years
depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service.  The cost and related accumulated depreciation of buildings
 equipment and containers retired
 or otherwise disposed of
The Company reviews property
 plant and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability of property
 plant and equipment is measured by comparing the carrying value to the projected undiscounted cash flows that the assets are expected to generate.  If such assets are considered to be impaired
The Company capitalizes the costs of obtaining or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly related payroll costs.  Computer software developed or obtained for internal use is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software
 ranging from 3 to 8 years.  The cost and related accumulated depreciation of computer software retired
 or otherwise disposed of
 are removed from the consolidated balance sheets.  Any gain or loss is included in earnings.  Internally generated costs associated with maintaining computer software programs are expensed as incurred.  Computer software is classified in property
Finite lived intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization using a straight-line basis and impairment losses
 if any.  Cost is determined as the amount paid by the Company
 unless the asset has been acquired as part of a business combination.  Amortization is included within marketing
Authoritative guidance for fair value measurements defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value in the financial statements.  See Note 6
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for disclosures related to goodwill impairment testing
 Note 7
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements
&#8221; for disclosures related to financial assets and liabilities and Note 10
 &#8220;Employee Retirement Plans
The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at their estimated fair value in its consolidated balance sheets.  The change in a derivative's fair value is recorded each period in current earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and if so
 the type of hedge transaction.  See Note 7
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements
&#8221; and Note 8
 &#8220;Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments
There are certain share-based compensation plans where employees of the Company were granted awards while employed by the Shareholders prior to the formation of the Company.  Compensation cost related to these plans is recognized based on the fair value of the grants at every period end for unvested awards because the employees are earning their share-based compensation while working at the Company.  In addition
 because the Company is an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Shareholders
 the holders of the awards are considered &#8220;non-employees&#8221; and the compensation cost is calculated under variable accounting.  The Company recorded $0.4 million
 $2.0 million and $14.0 million of compensation costs in marketing
December&#160;31
 2014
 
 respectively.  See Note 17
 &#8220;Share-Based Payments
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss due to damaged
 lost or stolen product
 are transferred to the customer
The cost of various cash incentives and discount programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupons
Freight costs billed to customers for shipping and handling are recorded as sales
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are state and federal excise taxes on beer shipments.  Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) as a reduction of sales.  Excise taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
Cost of goods sold includes brewing raw materials
 packaging materials
 manufacturing costs
 plant administrative support and overheads
 inbound and outbound freight costs
 purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
Marketing
Marketing
 general and administrative expenses include marketing costs
 sales costs and non-manufacturing administrative and overhead costs.  The creative portion of the Company's advertising activities is expensed as incurred.  Production costs are expensed when the advertising is first run.  Marketing expense was $889.1 million
December&#160;31
 2014
 
December&#160;31
 2014
The Shareholders of the Company have elected to treat the Company as a partnership for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. &#160;Accordingly
In February 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued authoritative guidance for the recognition
In May 2014
In June 2014
nce an entity is determined to be a variable interest entity (&#8220;VIE&#8221;)
 the party with the controlling financial interest
 the primary beneficiary
 is required to consolidate the entity.  The Company has investments in VIEs
 of which the Company has determined it is the primary beneficiary.  These are Rocky Mountain Metal Container and Rocky Mountain Bottle Company.  Accordingly
Rocky Mountain Metal Container (&#8220;RMMC&#8221;)
 a Colorado limited liability company
 is a joint venture with Ball Corporation (&#8220;Ball&#8221;) in which the Company holds a 50% interest.  The Company has a can and end supply agreement with RMMC.  Under this agreement
 the Company purchases substantially all of the output of RMMC.  RMMC manufactures cans and ends at the Company's facilities
 which RMMC is operating under a use and license agreement.  As RMMC is a limited liability company (&#8220;LLC&#8221;)
Rocky Mountain Bottle Company (&#8220;RMBC&#8221;)
 a Colorado limited liability company
 is a joint venture with Owens-Brockway Glass Container
 Inc. (&#8220;Owens&#8221;) in which the Company holds a 50% interest.  The Company has a supply agreement with RMBC under which the Company agrees to purchase output approximating the agreed upon annual plant capacity of RMBC.  RMBC manufactures bottles at the Company's facilities
 which RMBC is operating under a lease agreement.  As RMBC is a LLC
The Company has incurred charges or realized benefits it does not believe to be indicative of its core operations or that are significant to operating results warranting separate classification.  As such
Special items
 as reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss)
During 2013
 the Company implemented restructuring activities impacting approximately 200 salaried employees in order to reduce fixed costs.  Total restructuring charges for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 were $1.4 million and $17.2 million
 respectively. Severance costs included in total restructuring charges for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 were $0.4 million and $13.1 million
 respectively.  The remaining charges consist of actuarially determined special termination benefits
 legal fees
The Company recognized $2.6 million and $34.1 million of expense for asset write-offs in 2013 and 2012
 respectively.  Charges of $2.6 million and $15.4 million in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
During 2012
 the Company recorded a $2.3 million pension curtailment gain.  The pension curtailment resulted from a change to the MillerCoors LLC Retirement Plan to cease benefit accruals for certain active hourly and salaried non-exempt participants as discussed in Note 10
The following summarizes activities related to the 2013 restructuring and prior to that
 other integration costs related to the joint venture formation
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Balance as of December 31
Inventories
 net of reserves
Total inventories
5. Property
Property
 plant and equipment
 net of the related accumulated depreciation
3
3
Total property
5
5
(2
(2
Total property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment was $246.0 million
December&#160;31
 2014
 
 respectively.  Included in depreciation is software amortization of $36.3 million
December&#160;31
 2014
 
December&#160;31
 2014
 the carrying value of goodwill resulted primarily from the Shareholders' transactions prior to the formation of the joint venture.  The Company is required to perform goodwill impairment tests on at least an annual basis and more frequently in certain circumstances.  The Company completed the required goodwill impairment testing as of November 30
.  As of the latest impairment testing date
 the fair value of goodwill
 as determined by a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and evaluations of values derived from earnings multiples of comparable public companies
 was substantially in excess of its carrying value.  As such
As of December 31
2
1
2
1
As of December 31
2
1
2
1
Amortization expense of intangible assets was $65.1 million
December&#160;31
 2014
 
The authoritative guidance for fair value establishes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities
Unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
Fair value measurements as of December 31
Fair value measurements as of December 31
December&#160;31
The Company endeavors to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value.  The derivative assets and liabilities are valued using the listed markets if market data for identical contracts exist or a combination of listed markets and published prices if market data for similar contracts exist.  As such
 these derivative instruments are classified within Level 1 or Level 2
With the exception of barley supply contracts
 the Company holds master netting arrangements with all counterparties
 entitling it to the right of offset and net settlement for all contracts.  See Note 8
 &#8220;Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial Instruments

begin 644 a5yearchart.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1`'@`F4#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB


?!OC[Q/J/Q?\$^/O^$E^'O@O


(9;
MK2[WQ5I%W9Z8MW[M^W!X%^-?[9G[$?[6O[._PD\'^*?A7XK^
'[
WQ




MV

M^([1?$$4WB*X\-VD_ANVT&\UCYQ_:E_X)5?MR^/_``I_P57L?AA^R=J:U^T
MO\%O^.'A']G5[;Q%\!_#[W7B7]D*Y^&E]^T#;&\N/B)9_\`#PZOAB]@LK






K)_BQ\
M$-5B\1:S/8^''U[7M?T+Q)X3UEM'U#PWXKN/#]DBZQH4E]X=UM'L[2XN_P`B

_LN^/]!\0?`7QO\-_
M%OA_]IO6_AU!H7P_:%^&VI^/-2T7Q/\+/VF/#6@PZ9XUU+6!J%G\,(_=R?




7BJ3XD7]O)=V7P^3P])X@76

MXH_;A^*__!(WXC__P
W@7Q%H5MX!^`UO\`LCR_#A_CGI5Q_:NJZ5XR\)Z5






X-/O\`Q#I^K-J
-EI$


MS'AFPO)+J.+3=4UR/3;+54:*XL'EAFC)[-_BW\+(O'EK\+)/B1X#C^)=]:-?
M67P^?Q=X?3QM=V2Z=/K!N[?PLVH#6YH/[)M;K5!)'8L&TVUNM04&RMYYX_Q=
M\(?\$\OC!X7_`&^O@7^T?X-T;1_#OP3^/7[#W@3X0?\`!0?P'KK:-_:&K?%+



MGTO2?G@/6]'LM5\`:[INGW7A&6W\1Z9X\6;59K\U/7?!_]E:/X9\0:MJ$3

[#5WAUFW\3R7YD%O#%;7=E#)=_:/




\Y_9
MT_X)L_M=6?A[_@W%\-?&W]FF[U#1/V&]_;,\-?M@Z-XJ\1?!WQ;I/@32OB]
MX%O_``%\.+&\TY?'.K6GCK1-7GCTZ6ZT[PE!XDCT?P]':MK=A`T)TZ,`_HH_
M:D_;D_9W_9*_98UW]L/XA^,8_$?P:L=\



M#XI^!=:O/'=_X)69O&=CX


M+^Q-^V[_`

MYLX];AF\.Z5XA\.W



M&_@O_P`$TOVZ/A[_`
$R_P#@CG\-?$?P`UJZ^+O[!?\`P5C\/_M._&#X-6'C
M?X1WGB*#X&+\;OCAXL;6?`6LR_$&#X=ZY=Z5H?Q(\
:HN@+XPTN]B#:S`B0W
M.DO'



M\3^)?AGX3LH+7Q-\;]+\.7$OP^AN[2]L[^3\A?AO^P[^VYJG_!0;]@O]H35_


116DMTX!_5UH'[1/P`



M[3+XK\(Z!XMT#5_$WAHV^H3:1.==T+3]0N-4TI8=7M;O29GO;6%(=5M+O3)F

M_P#MRWVE^
/AM\5]3L-*WRJ=-U/0M.T3XM^(M0U*Q8ZCX_UWPC-HM_'-X8UF

M/BW0;G79-834M6BTF(`^PO\`@H5_P4N^*'_!/_PIJ7Q.\3?LIV/C;X5W7[1G




M&'7=/TS7?`WAJVTOP-\




(OJFK:'=?VUH`UC1A!K-CY%U:R'3[I+]/P












%Q;QRP2JG(W'[


M(O[/OCS]FN\?QW^QY_P5/O?VC?VD?^
/A!K&C^$?@I#\7/C5XN'B2WU&+Q

\*Z;^TS\1_C=JWC[P_X5\-


ML4^#_&WP[_8Z_94^'OQ+T:]\/?$;P#^SE\$O`WC[1-1O=
U*]TSQIX.^&OAK
MPUXHLY]2T:_U32=2:#6]+O474=-U&]LKZ

#&
#'ICBC`]!^0I:*`/%
SD`]0#D8.1V]/I2T4`&!UQSZTF
MU?0?D*6B@!,#.<#(Z''(_&C`]!^0I:*`#KUI,#T''3CI2T4`!`/4`_6C`QC`
MQZ=J**`DP
YP
]
@_*E







MTU*SM=0L+B&[LKZV@O+2ZMW$D%S:W4*3V]Q#(ORR130R1RQ.ORO&ZL#@BK5`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


M\



5^P]?CQ_P7^_Y0X?\`!03_`+(!JW_J2^&*`/U-
M^&'_`3GP%_V)?A/_P!1W3*[JN%^&'_).?`7_8E^$_\`U'=,KNJ`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB



M#5I)\&O[!\1:!KOA:]7XI1^$F'BO1]3\


M7=4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`'.#@X..#C.#ZXXS]
U\-^)_V;?BII_P`:/B1^T#\)/&7@#P;\







MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


MXP\67OFLB&U\/:)J
REE+JBDL`#U'6M9TOP[I&J:_KE_;:7HNB:=?:OJ^IWL

M3\
;B[D\

MN%CB;QWX5LFM0J*TESK7A?1;6%&GU`[@#^NJB@'(R.AY%%`!1110`4444`%%

MRAP_X*?]D`U;_U)?#%?L/7X\?\`!?[_`)0X?\%!/^R`:M_ZDOAB@#]3?AA_
MR3GP%_V)?A/_`-1W3*[JN%^&'_).?`7_`&)?A/\`]1W3*[J@`HHHH`****`

M)&B*69@`37QQJ/[9F@^

)E\MT3P^[X!`/M`D#K^74GZ`<G\*^8/
-/BU+-;?&'Q_%-!(\5Y%HM[\,/#U\IVW'AN6+Y3]/_#CX4_#
M7X/^'(?7PN\^%?`/AN%S-_9'A31+'1;2XN646^OELH8Y-2U&<C?<ZCJ
E
MU?W4A:6XN9)&9B`?

_#NYT/XH?M!:E




_B_4O$ZZ

M;=[C26\:1VMM))+%'K5TL*2W'[QU^/'_``7^_P4.'_!03_L@&K?^I+X8H`_
M4WX8?\DX\!9_Z$OPG_ZCNF?2NZKA?AA_R3GP%_V)?A/_`-1W3*[J@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***:S*H))



MFH^$_AZ]HGQE^(T


M*Q2QS;=Q^I``.@Z]3U)QTR3R?Q-`'Q78?L;:?XXO+37_`-JKXC^)OVF]7M9X
T21WT3EJ^
MQ]-TS3M'L++2M)L+/3-

U34;


YQE))P@Y36KY;1DUR2QV


*M.@Z=3#5Y
M/V\W%.FW1IU8+DE-0E)S2YE.UX*
Y?KG1117Z0?5A1110`4444`%%%%`!111








MTT#5[GPMH?CE_BIXXMU93X#^!V@:_P#&GQ:MR&1!:7^G?#C3O$-KH$I+J6D\

MACX)?#CPGI6K+/-XG\1^(+6TO=6^(7B+3;+18+K2+#3]:^*L]KJ&K:EIOVO2
MYK1;T)^S(`'`&!ZD*JWWE#?4`_SH`_B_9O_9

MO









M^)=0T2T\3^%='BN;;3=9NO+Z]J-IKDDVD1Z9/=V&I+9IX1^%?P\\MI\_A?


DZDH*+^JQ?)3DW:59*AXXUI\;
M_$NG?9[[4?!7PQ;4OOCC3+Z3PO]L^('B/P]XKFU9+7P#XG\-ZYXFTG0?]]




P@U3Q)HA#
-CPG\#M-LM




M)H45Q;37]II?AW3K*SL[**6]DO&




M3RO.SG[E``S@`9Y.!U/J:`/C$?`[]ICXAA9/C#^U'J'A#3+B-6NO`_[
/@S3
MOAK9HX&/LMQ\3/'$WQ#^)%]&%+A[[P_/X#N)F82Q06;(BKV_@;]C[]G/P#K2


4M%!('4XZ#GU)P!^)X'O0`45Y?



HZ;<ZFO_2QZ;X[2*X


I**G.UZE3E5DZE25Z
ME65MYU)2DW=MMML****S-0H_S^?2N!\??$WP7\--/MK[Q;K
=E+J4QL]#T:T

_QB);
M5KC4_@/\.9P0NC:7=V-Q\9O$MHX+I_:VNVIOM&^&=I/&T6^PT!];\6JOF*VO

T2A)Y?@N24Z$:BYJ=7

1.4




M@UX.N+ZT^'-F00R)XPU.46FN?$V[B9(S)#JR:7X0


M*``*M445]'&
8Q48I1C%*
8Q248Q2LDDM$DM$EHEHCT4DDDDDDDDDK)):))+
M1)+9!1113&%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`!Z'C/MZ^U?&]E^T_K%



/#?AZ7PY)X]*V&J16D/Q)'@;2_$U
ME#9VOAF\O_%FH6WAI_I/X+?'6P^+EWXCT5M&FT37_#&A?#/Q-J-HMPU]9'2?







MJ4[;]E#Q7\7;FVUS]L;XD_\`W;=+B_MO@/X






-@

K4\/AJ
9SC3BZ



84

@:ZU'5M7O

ME)?C/X^TFZCL[N`D))/\-_`-R;+5_%;%)-]GX@\2-H'A0L@N+-/$=N/(DU-%
M^!S:WJMEXO\`C9X@'Q2\4V4ZWVD:+)8G3?A?X



QG\1SP&&?_+JG.+QM5/I5KTY2IX6+
M5TX8:52O\






M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7X\?\%_O^4.'_!03_L@&K?\`J2^&








M\#IVB:3J]TKA+$C?%W4Q#$L'@+P





XRJ)PY:DH

34IRA2E&JYTH35+3=


M*M8=RRK'HOA72(;_`
1:L[
NW_0-

MZ'*`!XQ^




M27PQ0!^IOPP_Y)SX_[$OPG_`.H[IE=U7_##_DG/@+_`+$OPG_ZCNF5W5`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44F1R









MG^28NIG6%I?7%#`PKU
/[#
8UJ+P5/%XG









MC3PQ8K
Z+O=(FNM5A61D3#
J%F53N(`YKD;O]I[]FW3YI+;4/V@O@A87
05I


S?[JM3C3]I756C2\]C_;
M4_9^N$5[#6?B'JPE.VU;1/@+\?M9BU!F;9$-
GTWX87%OJ0N'(2VDLYI8KAF

-1R3Y





^*7B;1M?3_

]FVEZCXRE0V_Q)NM

MYI-QP\Y.








)GXFT'P'#/K&OZ

EYJOP\TW0

GAZU




MN7\'^%M.TS4+XLVIZ]*)]3\3ZP[$





T)UB'3]1













OB+0%UG5KG6X/
M$JVNIWFL7JV=O;)]
45M2RO*Z

M).$;+GQ
FG*I-/GJU)34
DRV$X5949UJU/V;5;$XC$XBHY4ZDJL9R=:K-.?M

MU?\`MZZ\




MHHH`*0@'J`?J

M





M?$FG^()$QUQX=$F/^69KW*FL-PQ@'E3S[

?M

-;O=2M_
M[7_MV

MAKVMZA;-)XVMXW:WOM5O+NW9X_[




OX=M?&4^//@69?


OP^E^*?PM\=_#RVU*'1;CQAX;U'0H=5GLWO


MIT:CG5C1AWAAY1I-ZV;NP_S^?6BBBOT4^BBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`

MT2--M@HHHI@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
LZ=IBG4CH]Q?3P:=JE]IS17^CV%[<:U97%M<Z=%<1@'N)91C+`
M9)`R1R1U`]2.X%+D'H<U^2=O\1_CMXM\#_`OQ3X1BUJ+QQHES\0;G6/@5XC^
M,&OOXXUGQESX@\-Z5XHT+Q;X7BM_#/[0?[/N@^(=.@N-&/C?P_X?NO$/@2[



2-(U5$4*B*%5%`5551M55484*HP

ML/7X\?\`!?[_`)0X?\%!/^R`:M_ZDOAB@#]3?AA_R3GP%_V)?A/_`-1W3*[J
MN%^&'_).?`7_`&)?A/\`]1W3*[J@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_'C_@O]_RAP_X
M*?]D`U;_P!27PQ7[#U^/'_!?[_E#A_P4$_[(!JW_J2^&*`/U-^&'_).?`7_
M`&)?A/\`]1W3*[JN%^&'_).?`7_8E^$__4=TRNZH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**^4?BS
M^U)I?PI^-?@/X/:OX=^SGQSX/UGQGIGBKQ#K4?AK1-=MO^LVL'C/PSX%N[K





M
B
&4$$88`@@=9_P_P#O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_P#,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_P#O^.'
M_203X`?^#;Q+_P#
Q1_P_P#O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_P#,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_P#O
M^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_P#
Q2_\/_O^.'!_P'@O[/_/\`U%_$A[XY`\
9'XX]

MQ+_\S%`'[#T5^/'_``_^_P.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\S%'_``_^_P.'_203X`
M?^#;Q+_\S%`'[#T5^/'_``_^_P.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\S%'_``_^_P.'_2
M03X`?^#;Q+_\S%`'[#T5^/'_``_^_P.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\S%'_``_^_P
M.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\S%`'[#T5^/'_``_^_P.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\S%'_``_^

M#&#]1Q1_P_\`O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_\`O^.'_203X`?
M^#;Q+_\`
Q1_P_\`O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_\`O^.'_20
M3X`?^#;Q+_\`
Q1_P_\`O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_\`O^.
M'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`
Q1_P_\`O^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`,Q0!^P]%?CQ_P_\`
MO^.'_203X`?^#;Q+_\`




M(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%`'[#T5^/'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%'_#_
M`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%`'[#T5^/'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%
M'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%`'[#T5^/'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_
M`
S%'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%`'[#T5^/'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-
MO$O_`
S%'_#_`._X(X?])!/@!_X-O$O_`
S%`'[#T5^/'_#_`._X(X?])!/@
M!_X-O$O_`

$4`?L-17X\?\/_O^
M.'_`$D$^`'_`(-O$O\`\S%'_#_[_@CA_P!)!/@!_P#;Q+_`/
Q0!^P]%?C
MQ_P_^_X(X?\`203X`?\`@V\2_P#S


W<?AGP-IUQI'@SP['<S'S/[)\




M?^`MO_\`&JNT4`4O[.L/^?*T_P#`6W_^-4?V=8?\^5I_XV__P`:J[10!2_L
MZP_Y\K3_`,!;?_XU7S9\%/AEX@\)_%S]L'Q+XB\/6ECH/Q/^.?@CQAXO3)I

M?JB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_``%M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G
M_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_GRM/_``%M_P#XU5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;_P#QJC^SK#_G



:J[10!2_LZP_Y\K3_P%M__
M`(U1_9UA_P`^5I_XV__`,:J[10!2_LZP_Y\K3_P%M__`(U1_9UA_P`^5I_X
MV__`




MQ?X5U_2_LNHPV=Q
;)KZWADL;NWN9_I[^SK#_GRM/_`6W_\`C57:*`*7]G6'
M_/E:?^`MO_\`&J/[.L/^?*T_\!;?_P-5=HH`I?V=8?\^5I_XV__P`:H_LZ
MP_Y\K3_P%M__`(U5VB@E_9UA_SY6G_@+;__`!JC^SK#_GRM/_`6W_\`C57:
M*`*7]G6'_/E:?^`MO_\`&J/[.L/^?*T_\!;?_P-5=HH`H/IMB0
65F3O0\V



MLLWAZ:[\/ZH?!?Q)U7Q9X



MBWM1K3:;HFF6%DVKBVM;:W&IF`WP@MX(?/\`+BC50#X9T_\`:8^+D_Q@^
7@




?&_Q9T*7
M2M7UJRM].T#7]$;2;BWT?5;_`

M_!/7Q1KOBS1;W5/CW\?/BG\-_B9+;Z!H=K;^)M`\



-Q;6

M3!XA\$:UOA6Z\WOAZ]TN_'CRYU;4K!_$VH^
+/Q+'JFB#1+K0[W3[;PM*+

^$_P`+M$\:ZI\2='^''@+2?B%K=O-::SXZTWP;X;L/&6K6MS]C
M-Q;:GXIM-


M(7=Q'\+/A#X#\1Z!\


M;6MM;IJ
D#7JP6\$*SB.*-5ZBQ\-^'M




M6KJ^GLK:&!;1+1X6L7FLFMYI/H^JFGV%CI5C9:7IEG:Z=ING6EM8:?I]C;PV


S'-L+EGL?K-+
JOM^?D_L_
M)LWS;E]FX*7MO[+P6






_K
NSVEB\!
M@L55H8Z-7$X7#UJD:.59I5HQG5I0G-4JL
).-2FI2:A.

M?;KV_P`CWZ5'$TC11M
@BE:-#+&K^8L;E0719-J;PC$J'VKN`W;5S@?DSXMU






I_9_A7XH7WAEO$`MFTC6UU3Q)XQ\%:!X+U;1X]*ATZQBUO0_%GAKQE




M&FM2:C3CIS25U?UBBOG[3?'7[0UQX9DU'4O@+X0T_P`3KX)UG6(_#D/QPM[Z





M-/B)X$C^%VJ^

M;0=*^


:M.%2*JTZE&H





-OXMD\8W-KJ&F:1K/@^U@5=1;P^OVR]U2=]



M1(=#3P/'HKQ)8_\`$O30QX-N(%)OFFG`/M.BBB@`HHKYO^-/C[]I/PCKFCV?

_P^\8-JEO+9!+QM16

M
L('N;W4-1O[N2*UL[*TMXY)[FYN)8X8(D:21U52:^'O^%U?M]?]&0_K_Q,
MC3__`)R%?CI_P5S_`&X/VAK3X71_LK_$CX,^O@UJOQ:L[+Q#XCD\*?'&#XL


VO\`P-T_0O`/B[Q9XF_:-M?AOXDU6WCL'/A+6M0\+W/PR\43
M[H5HFF
M3:V-6G36=:T36KAD@F6:%/T&_P%U?M]?]&0_K_`



MA3I^O6^@ZMXVT:QO_!EWI_B]/$MGXNO?!










MF!SUYZ_
WICCGC\



MUGXA?!SQ'\71J7B+PU+X5UW2/%?C73]=\.:MIIO[;4K.:[TR/PUISG4-)O+=


M#=76[


BBC@CCAAC2**)%CBBC54CCC
M10J(B(`J(B@*B*`JJ`J@``4^BB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
C`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#_]D_
`
end







begin 644 mcbclogo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````/```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0`!@0$!`4$!@4%!@D&!08)P@&!@@+#`H*PH*#!`
M#`P
#`P0#`X/$`\.#!

M&A41%1H?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?
M'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?_\``$0@!(`+0`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`-```0``P$!`0``````
M```````'`

Q7Q@K(C4S2B
MPG
U!])#LQ;B)&.C5/_:``P#`0`$0,1`#\`M2@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@


MCIY2%57/




NG4E[!8J%J%Z-ZZX[*<E6K55E:UTU=(C<@Y.+BJZ


MY'&C

1&G[=<W&RQAJP[KB:K6?FCUG*


M2V).5^Y\J[


PE!R=6USB;+
C9Z



MQUM
WP)QQ

(6NTLJYQ:Y!C;:%O@3GA8T5$

U]N\/!=&X#AW/!/S5IQN
M*349J
]J$J]UYOBZ#.U;SJJR\)M#)QD5$$Y!W'PG*8MX1?P7/P


;^]O\(6
I13V[*N

MJ:KEJF5.J-U6)I`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@


MQ+R_E+_%_P#'K-E=C[W4;P``H-@&X*Q2-(0&I;#VB=UV[U&U9;CL^$[\[WE`

MW&VUWJZLILM:&M#6[&M%`.P*7&*2HM!J;J8[O]EF^8[WBM6)_*E]U]1E#O(6
MG[+#\QOO!
-^5'[JZA/O
R/8U['
=M:X$$=A6R45)-/

MF)WYAI[RBX!OPE%YX]GFR&=U=JNLV5
-9IW`]FN!=#9&^C+@=FYK_)N4^O


M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@


M



=S^S2_
=[RTXC\N




E




4^:U:9RN4VI2V8ZVZ(WW+^ZL
]FEO:U*.T^I]


SX#B=@(V5Z`K/#X

MH:T4:!0`=2E1BDJ+




M@`(`@`(#PM5ZWT[I:VCFR]QX;IJB!C2^63AW\+1T#K-`M5V]&REAN_==
M_%R:M*M

5#E




MSSP%\+FO:2U^W;T$$%:+MZ%8M-9&9QB\IF]JM_M&^=;_`*BW\R
-AZA[5;_:
M-\Z?46_F0V'J

M5;(XF#5:H^.#/KVJW^T;YU]^HM_

/#_U'?

M=':WDU':NR3['[MQ4CC'CY)Y09KAS74);&&T#0=FQQV]RW_705'-J*EDC5Y7
MQ(V;RW6L-+P]K;N+O462/+[D=4II4$?\]+F*'EW=QOIQ7
UOLL!/\9BI(RV<18^T[
MBY-A/K2+#S;EOO@MQ_BD3`NE.,`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`JUSBR=S?\P<F

M=[JR:R)B

ES.V$^5C&S?I*QAN67Q2Z/V


M_+W$3NMY
E[7.S8^.S8Z8`]7B#ZO^

IXW^HK0

9





MY9C


JKN]K4).+VJHV





M`/[S91S
FX-E0YAW'W%/LXFW.3A6.VL\4TVC@L79C;\-N5O1*C1R?-W7S-




5`X5$MX17BIT







LT4

MNUSWD-:.\E&S*

M$S;61I`(`@`;D!IG





MG^9*6RE\L8YERY^9GE&\K4[




M86\KMJ
U\44^=%Y..S)K495O






.XTW4(Z*'M7)3[



6-M'&+(2L)#IIF['Q
MU'P&'81TFO11='NS`J


M+S$7)CJ1XULZKH90/@R

A\''P<VDZ_!8J-^&T





?M//+C.7GY


31RVYU8K'8S[MU$)





MR82=NV[EW\VZ]J7!J7)T'FN(FI248YHY$1=K_GO%:228W2O!/
VK9
F\!T;3
M_


X[


3I4NL+1HO\W0$V]:1P@BH
KA

M)\.W8WK+06L:T?&?YU6N=RZZ9SO(83!;OM[=(Q2^)Y9/U\B/&R6G+ZRSQP4;
MF7V0:]D/#:DR-


RX@)/P)8F.=P]5:#L*^QQ*MSV5..U\NTF^55*ERP&\
MDXTK+71QEQIT]-*)YT'K;'ZMPC+ZW`BNHZ

M]J//=[;LG@[KA++'X7K7MUG2*05A`7-[7-SJ;
Q:0T_Q7%K'
V.4Q;?:;FM`



#6]CI'!/O9:

M1&7#0M/IR=TF+CCD_6VQ=!(.HL-`/HT7GGEV^YX2
9=^VW!_N^ZAW6+C2=5F

7)I+21)R44V\R*49;(SY/*7F1


F'B:[UX2Z)PZN$[!YB%Y

=F.6X\R6?W+AYCI]S;C\7MW
WIZ


M3V






M#9/8#EI37Y`_*I$MSXK-]3/\*]IBL1#Y$?OW-E/_`.6E^@/RK[^CXK_^F?X5
M[3Y]1#Y$?
N!R$L;HY

M0C*X_1E1
EDKW)W]QD+Z5T]W=/

M.6G+8:D
N5RTC[73UFX-ED8/K+B3?X

MB9?9)ZP.(F-FVTPMO'A

S8QL+:/?VEWK/=UN)\Z\N6*WCO:3FI.S8U_$^+W
X'&+
M$6]JFS+2M3],S.*QN#E8GLO*M#UFOH[5%WIK.P9*#B=$#P7<+33Q(7$<3?G

M(RDWU^3^\O65F73G*%M-#?L.F?\`M^S_`*MJ\IQO^^/_`$I?^1GHF#_LH_N_


M55SIKE+3`;WOX94A)J.K]M40MS6T#I[2EE:.MF2LO;R1PB:+@21^&P#C)8Z



MP$3(K8&V;9XZR;PX_'-W-&_C?UN._;MKO3!X&YBKD;^(CL0A^7;U?:EPG`XK


M*==Y8W&E%8BZLK[BU?:]G/Q1WH72

M67D3:702ES




Z/R]N7ZNYM3_*AGX7J]
MOO*XV-ED
T]FS'\R:^)_)'
MU^E?,=Z;SE?GXL_W(ZEK?1-INX@P_-^Y-T/#=%=WT







%GD^

MKOX10LK^8X*PW5/^6X?TYRAR+N_X6CQ+$QI+C].LWU9F@U\ED;/&V%Q?WLHA

M


M







E+4ZEPM/2QB]R



R^H-@$KF<$X'_$!7F%F/TV\KN'^&7\R//27/







#5_Y



MN

;#$5^
MW^7F'Z`/1M4?&7IV[2C;_.NO8AP?-+D7





M3!5MS

MDDB^8*

*



M!(O-_.EKP
38Q:S*6S+BED?



MQNK[-MVQXL\S;-X8;PM):YE2?#F#=O#4['#:WNJIF&WE]


Y



MU'
5X_$)(YW

MHN@\5^

T*1CW2S+B(V[U6_'C+0Z4CK;75R[]9/.XN/8/\`:2O)O*MN
?DP<BYGC:EI_(38^6/L<3





MJG%8V05BNKJ)DP_F^(%_\6JCVH[4DB[WCB'9P\[BS


M$8F

M[*ZSL_


=Y5SNS=\<+94%EEGD]<GG9P5ZZYRJ;:L#45AY
MWV@M^8M^\@N(X):?\)K#[K%2XQ4N













MDGE6IYFN=

9E=O#97
4T@&\L:\%[?*VH5_?M[


MRYG1H]%Q


3?R:Q\L&A


&M]$QZMY



[PY0/(5MP,MG%/[=M<\&_5)'F7FG



\



M\KYCA]YW?%N.X\\FZ+0HK



MJ\V\J6G'!J;SW)2EZO4=QCI5N4U(K_\`B$P'W?K9N1C;2#+0-E)&[QHOJY!Y


JDVG5

QFW-^NR
S
?:]?!&..6G8[B`\B\^_Y`Q_AX7PUWIY.?W)


MXR^IZ.+U1VE
M?,=B59M.;8P.&=ZZHZ-/$6:QW]]FRN3X:0B)\-N*4'&]'YH'G7D/E]O%8V[
MBWW:[



K:4



ML]A.8((J-H.XK0G4MS\!VD=2^)@_20T%SC0#:2=P^@K9SOYFV^HKIFP\OB
M8BR?QSW#?5GG%6CAZXV`FAZ3MZ`5TN[



M+(]#U

\NQFYL3A


F^!
X;4



MW;B+[I;A)\F3GS%?.9W-2[U;



O$TNJKF.L=J3;XJ
C]9=O%.
#I$;3Y
M^Y0


MFSZ*TXY=OD/2/*

J//T*ME)RFZ0BJOB+_?.\?I;-5^9
M+)%<.OB19K3]L73(/8(S<`-MX@*.!FQC0/(ONX[4KCGBYJDKO=7RP6;GS]
M)Y3BI_!6M,_R

M?



MB6G]AP.]-Y2O7'=EDKD@M4=?&RN6:NI+O



%5E1@-U7\5-1A%TTO0BJVH








M^!CBEIZ
D]P9&@_
8R
_QEKAN5:9=!MGOU_#'I(OU7KG4VJK@2YB\=+&PUAM




MF%KL*+KKK[4=A_J2US^XXS^BN/[=9_HUK7+H]AN_6[VJ/3[1_J2US^XXS^BN


M-SXIRXMCD+074G`K0=2O[6Z;4HIMRRK@]A47=\W8S:2CD;U^TTO]26N?W'&?



5

MB

KUY2T1Z_=G+!Z
M4CE]FFNIA22\D


M:W'E[^3B]Y









MYQH``-I)*^I5
9244VW1(GOEUR_DTY$/$:U^J+YE)GBCFV
#M[01_*.^$1W#

%E:LMX1Z+=YZ
EP.L\E9N;PP2RNN;0]!AF)<V

1VM@:%]@-X]KC5L_
N!7_`'(\Z]IS_PA8GY24M:5GT_

*U6=JXX






M@U*

MXRUH@2A&2I)51!NL/P_



M-B*M3C)[4=*UG1[@P-VPY;:I4XS4G)36MQG\C=-]C9%=7
T\(DN6

MT/8NW_7L)9C&
YJ


J@\T;[PE_`W(6[D7*CTK4^$L=R[LOV+ZE




MVOSI2P+;X


LJ\3YH@E_)@Y<


M6I]

BZ3\:5WPG'IKM*SM;NO8









C9(K:-DC=K7-:`0MEK=6&MR4H6XJ2TI'R5^;5&V;2


N!&
KLI


EOIK#0'B%N'N'3(2[W#L]Q


M6GQF/GD
LUO')(=[W-!.S8H-_=F&NRVIVXREK:-D;TXJB;
?W)B/W.+Z(6K]
M%P?]*'X49?47/F8^Y









GM




GM
7ROHN_(MOC

9^PU[#,<$\8CJ[BJXEQ]%QWGLU6;T=FK
MKERYF92BZF7VF+Y7T7?D6WQX\/
_88[#'M


@D]'I45?C
-A;J;G!2EPQR\]#;;G..9Y.
PLPV`:76W$XA
M)$A]]18[FPI6W5_O&;Q%W7U&Y`S'V_ZB%L7S(RWW@K*Q:P]G\NCQ1IZC5)



#?'*;ZY&WZJYKZ$;T,$$#!'#&V-@^P`#W%:6;$+4=F$5&.I*AIE)

RWF`0&&W-))V=3Z_2`*CV
M724EP]:
Y9D9E(

N
SJ28&

M(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`

J


MY@$!

M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
M`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`UIH9(WFXMQ5_\I%T/'_U*)=M2B]N&?2M?
MO-D9)JC


MK
=U^S2_
=[RTXC\N7W7U&4
Z%K^S1?

RD&!\331PQ


MG'T




ML.


;


M`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(
M`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@`(`@
-U9V]TSAE;4C:UXV.
%`V9V._%7(?
%PH:``J3<PEN<7%Q5&81N23K4U;7PV2^QW+&^,T5BD+121HZ?G
M#IAX;9C+PKB6WH=.\O:M*Y39.K6U'-U&[[/;_9
^B%/\'RKF-6T]9I8^*%
MCY[1[&ET+N)E0*F-_I-\VY5^MPC*=II5@\GW995S9C;=DVE+69[R`6DY$;
M01&X@T'Q2I.*LP5J;HNZ]'`86Y/:672+.`VD!
;23&TDT'Q0F%LP=J#HNZM
M'`+DGM/+I
%_%^6T8QH
KN.0@#9&S:?.:!1L;;A*4+22[3J\GPQS\[HC.W

M$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`
M$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`$`0!`:L^.MY7^*VL

M;2K?S1R/EU\IMC=:5,Z-6YMKXL#9XF7T;=K7L/A3-/6.CS$*#B,/?I2
PV*CL2ELRS
MJO9DGKC[JFKPYP=5E7.?3;V:T(BR'J;F7@'H'Y_Q3[BRCC)V'LXC-HG\+^]\
MKZ#X[:EEAS'[D*Q.BR






M!M#.#B8#\ST6GRA+FY


M$MYH;7WLO0\G0:Y8JX])Z#&

 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfTradingSecuritiesAndOtherTradingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInInterestRateFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ConvertibleDebtSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCostOfHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaximumLengthOfTimeHedgedInCashFlowHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativesPercentageOfDerivativesSettled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativeLiabilityOutstandingAmountExstinguished'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DerivativeInitialExchangePrincipalPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaximumLengthOfTimeForecastedTransactionsAreHedgedInCashFlowHedge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleSupplyContractsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfLongTermNoncancelableAdvertisingAndPromotionsContractsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLossContingenciesByContingencyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSettlementsOfDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToAcquireNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSettlementsOfDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToAcquireNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSettlementsOfDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToAcquireNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSettlementsOfDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToAcquireNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsOfDiscontinuedOperationsRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToInvestInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ReturnOfCapitalFromSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLoansReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromSettlementsOfDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsToAcquireNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDerivativeInstrumentFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ChangesInShortTermBorrowingsAndOverdraftBalances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PaymentsForProceedsFromIntercompanyFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'


E(VF68_^RF8R@W+^H[F*9]5<JRL=)T(4<3.-
M3H]NY78UPM.33WJC;GH7?+[S7S\D


MD36ER)I29$TILJ8465.*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE%DS2BR9A19,XJL&476C)K

TILN8467.*K`5%UH(B

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^U
MC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B
M(F=I%
QRI9$P4<IA


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````


@
MH@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````#$G
MJW$`0






GR[%1Z#`*%7NU
M1



M_+TZ%HJF9XNFAZ(9V0R

MB(+UD65WD;3-L?VP;P[=DV\Y'T+7.GP_#M[T&;9`&#CBCBT0#@I$8`M$@`(1
MV`(1H$`D]O/8!

MD\5VE60/9\TORXL_1LU&7NALI5.;F;/FB\F;?WWX_;?W3];]^&[MCP8$LORL



M.6TV4IT7\U52F-59LX^F?3+L%VZW/=\E*3X==]O=9NO#89!WKK$R]WJ7%DL


SR7(^4XLEOEW/;Y8+=7NA;N_F

M@]P?$M

M;WZQVVR8SI#$
_)U;LR3FL2QW8&7[`%J-L//
0#/BIS)P`0.R1G[
I/XGUV2

M
!N6X2[%.!+\+0H;_UC;=`5;4W.DNWAA3Z7P1H*[N789LIJK.PQZL=:.CY.R
M%@G80


@FV==;I3&U



IH!T!:-B+@4DUZ&KF[5%V

_1-<Y=)T+1A5Z



GS24PJ;+%[[P629-Z+Q)B&\]:
0
MQ;(OV`XNPFFZ^Q1*-+R`3IC^1Y



M*XM9!AJG=;YDSL3V(4O^?=4ZIP7!*AV-TSHWVKG]3JQF5!1CU/QIE9IH4)*'



M-JA38D(LV0+E2JCZ\KHT27=&71N=[\J3&R;$DBU8KC2N=5E.Y7%9C?M%2P9
MDXX4IC:O
!$$.\J]Y

M8TRA1N--0T-^#_:#:S128F7K35+(

@QD:)P1VU!=U@*63Y*




18VPHL9;/]
M]QUQ1M+
D


7_]\O;ZZ==





M#YBS?]V/Q69N8.1Q4D,H3R,G;^,O4X#S3VT?KTOT]O=5XC)@20U2JD9XF5
MBL97)
L@._`QFX$E

L
3`#&

M(FJ4I
L
K$'







U:7`C9Z6WC40_'$4L


Q.K

(!R@2)B6Z)SU=`@TZI3



M;4`3G40S2`'7_.BNY(V2F]RPL$E38:@F8[


C!&ENUR:A'JFE4H8C5'32(T492IQRLA
MJ


DN#/R*ENX)UU(A



N
N2'Y=*H!*L7M@!@K89\BB+*:5'F_$$8F1.2
1:53DUB3!ZUGH'1MF_GL@P<M,`<NVRBHG%


K\]F5

V:4^G?G/H
MWBXPKX4KT]R*[YW4YJ:VXYLJKV!]U%<^V[N@+=$7O?/[9_[Z_/QTF].[1


M[?+L&`-6




&(/(SW?(XD'


-%BV\2#`N9

ID%&$GV4TVF[T\5ZS:#%#25IWY]WM*%6CA@?'!PL=W
M/LZMARZ?W_/,NF+&2U6MC=R;0L7*3V0XK2R__R.GV:VQ04J#BBC!5[9'YC;



MG
@6@






MXI&H%H\6O&80&0NP?0Q*-Y4?5








M-M[^573Q8[O;GO^]=)I




ZRSFRNCZO[V^/WGM7'C$BSN]KN5ES+JQ^+LO)'Z7?)=4NQ)<<([?UU

.$)G%TZ@0;M
L*F3!AL_CA!9Q

M@U`P9D8(8X0)PA1AAC!'6`L`_AL8U=70D9-B/NJJ)J0+98VO1)U!X
Y(H*

$18(

M=!Z#T%\F[_U[U5SOC_S(MR7P_EHS



M

M3M(@:9*T2-HD'9(N28^D3S(@&?JBZL7*%G


MNB0]DC[)@&1(
B(9DTQ(IK[X%18UMYI1HSG)@F1)LM+%K`NY[JG5!4Z7Y/OE
M=&4KP[)^Q4]]5


4
MD\.):D5^HD(4FAH
^9*:MY@'Y\'/?)19E:1&XI#421HD39*6+_X6!O


M*IEK%:7:-]BE8^ID0C(EF9'



MK3!HAJ*6]:!`:-*K+?[Y!8)2%=_'
$\K-1*'I$[2(&F2M$C:)!V2+DF/I$\R



MGRT_JF_-J%_.WNOE8^
_O+/X$LSEX8OX=I

M_G\```#__P



'ER^^?'WS\=<W?WSZ

M\_[CRWR&'S]?



M/O[[7.SA_






NXI1\BTV097QC:5C$]
MG1_//T2F%].N'0OH_$-\L2O?83M6T/F'
/:J=]B.!73^(0QLWB:G\4MO
590
MNZR@VVL^UG8LH/


MYWX;B^W\0YQ&Y7.A/F]CF9U_$/2;Q:7AL8JNRVK[)PREX;$^KHMZ^O:5XLU
MI:_N\4;?^





CSG&PPC$*
MR1RHA%







0XICZY9/;I.=
1)NU$HA[3:U3&]:(EC^KE0

:&JVFC=5T[C69+X03&I-YIBF-:;&G9EI5F-J

Y[BF2;'^6/T




MOKXF54Q6^II


`6=U

M8]K2I`

/JF;3X%%U;G
M









M.%CA&(5+;^`43?'8G(O*I6'.7^4*!5*I1FSONU`US[B*4KIX7*@O%PJLDGUH
M.5RHNC+[7B[=!S7FPNUF(P+Q?C,N%AR;A0HNDXMB8NU&TR+A1N.J[F.$
U

AU*5K-V:EQ%GL1WG179


E``S40+-1`%.%W@FG@`T40+11`E($P5

M/5:D!U

/58EAY

L6R[7B
GNZOEC#%UW%PK[H*E9[

++V`H3*TRM,+/W`H+*RRML++V@H;*VRML+/W@H'





YR/<[!


M?FJK.]?V[(B^%096&%IA9(6Q%296F%IA9H6Y%1966%IA986U%396V%IA9X6]








H(RAC*!
H4R@S*'

7V2IE
MX)=;;?!1;[:;H.+A-76P$7&CI5
AA(S$H9N`A:*0


MR
ZO`FCDIO*\D@4E_&I?#YZMVQSK8%RW
J[5;(2+BZIM4`_C^E`&4(901E#&

MN$A;^V=PD;;:&;A(6^T
7*2M=@8NTE8[`Q=IJYVQ+@4-)-)6.P
7::N=25S5

J1!H]_G(&ER5WG*R!I6Z4#I0NE!Z4



MRI7\\[J]J_F\.AC4#4H`4?]+&_M*?4PS@#*$
H(RAC*!
H4R@S*'LHRA+*

LA^]
@I21HF@M9V&@3U*1*N




H7N(A:^0(782M?K$OY`HFTE2]P

MBW@5.'`1L`('+B)6X


\BSX*2Y\Y#^[%NI[#8=W*L-N'N[J-S!Z&]:$




#$H'2A=*#TH?R@#*$
H(RAC*!
H4
MR@S*'

]+VI.U)VY.V
M)^V,M#/2SD@[(^VL0KN:(.<;..L2)+^Q,VU4FHT[^UO^9G+[Y],USAF4#I0N
ME!Z4/I0!E&4$90QE`F4:5#R[NH;SXZ<8=B\

I00L'%^E!P<4*44+EKAS'MQY`

M*)1MUJ5L@\0*4+;!Q0I0MB6N:K8IO=)LLYMQS?._XREM]M[0XH_G`Q*!TH7
M2@]*'\H`RA#*
H8R@3*%
H









R@'*$<H)BC+&0E;+`XG@E3%P$;TR
M!B[5\;`1?S*&+AB`22Y$($G$@$K8S`7$2MCX)D90Q<Q*P--K@(6AML<!&U
M-MC@(FQML%F7,@82:6N##2[2U@8;7*2M#3:X2%L;;'1MC;8X)M;;#!1=K:
M8(.+M+7!!A=IJ^6!B[35\L!%VFIYX)MM3QPD;8RQKJTP0:)M-7@P%6A7<V8


WJ4H_T[-RQWLIW5URD
MDC?PZO?M\;`B%7@X'M:D`J]Z/*U7S[Z8$M'.K*ZK.@V+2PF)4;%DR^\=2DBX
M8E7&SZ-F[EBER42L2B4FYF95*C'A8@DJ







H8R@3*%
H

MZ+'L%3V0

MI*W+'^`B;5W^`!=IZ_('N$A;ES_`1=JZ_`$NTM;E#W1MC;:X)M;;19EZ('

MAE!&4
90)EF4&90YE`64)905E#64#90ME!V4/90#E.4$Y0G*/D*1&K(U='




E#&4`90AE!&4.90)EF4&90UE`64)9
M05E#V4#90ME!V4,Y0#E.4%1MEB$RA9(&25R52.$@22K1@@NLE4C!!?IJA&
MBWS5
%%PFJ$X)C-4)PD;(:(;C(68T072M1@@NLE8C!!=I*UNL2XT0)-)6


H8R@3*%
H
R

DKDJOS!0))5_L!%MLH?
MN$A7^0


MVDMID]]P:]+&/L^TA=MRH72@=*'TH/2A#*`
H8R@C*%
H$RAS*#
H2R@+(
2
MOB\U'_2GE=KF04`KC%I#V4#90ME!V4


H4R@3*'
H
RA+*`LH:R@K*%LH&RA






L6KAK%4H'2A=*#TH?R@#*$
H(RAC*!
H4R@S*'



KB5)[_=-`V;QGT+^VG)3:EA/RTJO_ST
MGU]

H0R@C*&
H$RA3*#
M



H(RAC*!
H4R@S*'LHRA+*LH:R@;*%L@M*GBGM


MI

MAS*`
H0R@C*&
H$RA3*#

MH9R@*%


VQ?XJIIW?W:GAQ4

H4R@3*'
H
RA+(*2G]U;C\VGTWOU[+[$J!64-90-

MM(%$VDH;N$A;:0



M'W/KZP8ZLIPVK23+:=-*LIPVK23+:=-*LIPVK23KG';];WXG_W(JSPOPE[]X







M.6TJ19;3IE)D.6TJ19;3IE)D.6TJ19;3IE)D.6TJ19;3IE+:%I4BY+2IE-HZ


MYUC/@5$S0HZ5#VED.5@^I)'E:/F01I;#Y4
:68Z7#VED.6`^I)'EB/F01I9#
MYD







M=N&T2Z==.NW2:9=.NW3:I=
NG7;IM$NG73KMTFF73KMTVJ73+IUVZ;1+IUTZ
M[=)IETZ[=-JETRZ==NFT2Z==.NW*:5=.NW+:E=.N&FDW.^7T]&?[4'/UW=.A
MIE





MY6
T!]V0M[


]D8'HZ/1G1'M]13W.4C:RRP$3GO9Y'37O9Z+27O1`[




M


'LA?`K
7HB?`K

MH
#LA3V@P.R%/:#`[(4]H
#LA3V@P.R%/:#`[(4]H
#LA3V@P.R%/:#`[(4]
M*


*S%[8`PK

MV`
*S%[8`PK
7M@#3F#VPAYP`K





$*R98


MF##!-$XP88)IG*#'!/TX08\)^G&'A/TXP0])NC'7I
T(\3T$Q%;*:9BIB
M,_'%.5R)$]!,O`L5&K@F8K83-7KFVZ:C!]-_



@9R#!06X(B#]^^%.(U:XI:HF
9LQ
5)L'+-Q\$\


H#P

)[BTMM2$;L?!Z@-CTZ
M9E2'S#$F`3J!\L$\!%I8@!-&#+?DBS1W
`H@6B$1AY[U?)./$R2;(/D$*6S$
12^P-`H@
M<9XPLY=Y4+SM;OX35S!*=7]O,-3N.BB`

`










MD
Z()8-E#].;F


1BP9HS\2



M?EPFV6:V0KM[X!]#3?^


M4#J%V.P[G#@6IYAEQ;A3X^Z
8UQ5UK(M0&C6!'5
S0$9NA641
W%_#$S_%

M.YO=O^_83E@
E;IY2.*9



M9
TOGP0KO[*.0K/AFO0%'#E_TM`OI39!

M?RPHO%)9DNA*$H/

$[Q


M%F0[&

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!N

HER0#&@ZOXK5



W((8YL#
TX.'EO32A6=C

2I+5CZ2346.H
S6

[&RHEL9/%SQ(S/K*6A(`:V



@8*UAQPD.?1
MH9#$W2(6?:J]W].@%L[#R-Q8%



MXH7@JUV8\2P5U
()&5D3A


/BQRHH?Y`)HJ16B74B+06U
`:*
10?@@(QMK[1U(8US83Y\%5U_.85%NA[KEU#N9

5^YPG()




2$!--FF9+@X+4B


22FM.Z`GTI$[U/1H=TZ:

CWC`Q1KG+
M.`L*1P%3A4/_1.&X8`]``S#%^=4H%#C6G0@:6@%IX8(Y`WJH3Z6F]-:PR


1-D;;





M5))3`_[^JJVM_;AFB)-0$W`*F

DD?=PG[=+74;^^Z/

QZ=+]OCX_:U.[;WXS_;





=(?MZ?N/MR^[[O!&4WS;O^XO?\I)QZ/#[C9_/G:G


$









MLHB#B(.8@X2#E(.

M/5D566N1&.8JABS.U\K(4I&#B(.8@X2#E(.
@YR#0@
A2N@M)[Z]MK#D+;6Q


M)$!2(!F0'$AAB
S'8
(ZP=*
Z.XRUY&3&QB(`F0%$@&)`=2&)4\;@JI1G6JE2&2.%]MYQ<K=AUJ(VY
MGJ`Q1'WB$&BNQJ(TMS3FA8VG2G=;ZVL;CU7@]\G.2=3/-$1V#0!D@+)@.1`
MD,^)5YIS+5XE2%B@BN;$#^[QCC0%*[`HE#G`MN;DKD;8%I$^*MHJ?+?7V$




M-#9Q9:/$A?2V5D5?C'_87?=6MFS*;R`1V
1`$B`ID`Q(#J0`4@*I@-1`&INX





M7-U(D-^E;2#&/^R





MWN%1?URZ-_DP_;?N0J_DR%]?Z%VKEAZ@I@?9QJ.GKKOH/X1LYNVMA_\!``#_
M_P


M.TYB3!P'MGMZYM]O7:2*9$7.S

M[B!V^$.$/QYVY]/E]'2=NG!W

M;



KL7;3W=2@.:`X8#M@


T`DKK;8GCJ\Q9GB+?2U.MV-F
C
M'TGS


M!6=HX=)=


5S:*=;@)F

GVL:R2JH+
M*JF=L2-DDUCYE(U^/:($1PO$,3F
UW6/;444NX+/#@*SPR2:P^RTX@2B!:


M;H2DXU20
?DX%60

M@YF=?_)A8V+%]K.5V27C8-_44`3]F0AF*(*]$8$TNJ$B1XQ(X8D-$UR;$.*C
93U=
MD


MSI_`:F2`CT$DS*W%TKW1Q0YY9(C)-:Q\&JE\A(A-G+AVY/M/:(9T%2(^77D_
MBV9P


MKW!A&D*`7IE4RUH\FT$&M$\AXMM7+]FJTV@&!X-(F
F56ZELOEEDB*87M$LF


M$`D^MX2)1CH$

0*Q.4+S]GJA?Y
)YU24$;?F%(B-
M5%$D#DIW^M/K`\*BR'H6<04C1J*H)-Q,((9BF!O
M1"KL_7G_L(1%F0CXAXKS^$`(G*)F2'1NB<0J30.8U&H!M$G2+1M'H@C!Q
MIQYL/FU1F+#<-XGU0:-CB,$VJ:$(.AD'(YBA/9&!-IH*ENX`FVE?!$*-''B


M1UN0



M!Y`NJBW(G^S!XZ(H?_BCV
3ZL-[/`2H_#)`;3W0Q##II5SZV





M=$GG&`N



M^4




(QR#40`D4`4$`W$








.8N^ZS?-`@KP)2`Q%`)!`%1`
Q






1B``B@2@@&HB)



MNU
R1[
JN%NI@-1`!!`)1`'10$Q

M$`5$`S$Q2;25J;$)X]5A;FBXB5[YJ/2IWY0ZZ.\AJ(`*!*`:B(E)JC.U
M
KW.

M7]6(!*)2'2B.Q95?O=Z7O1'5TON+.G[CSAOCF^-E6SVYTFF_;[@;[Z+3UX
[HK!_=DW%-YV?'^J_J[H*8O%U?D<G[+`=




]1Y$:+J-?^[[ZWT8=N69

LK+

M_TKN:9SZX78M%^B?BMTZX[O7G?GME[8Z_%8U#%8;ZB0J\



MHI&-&+79)(D]T\Z%Q#9B[R(2E!=@2S&*!9?*?FFRY&OF(4&L=8F#@ERS&2

F'THFK!L?4ABK`26;Z*M)-2@GJJ9!G'^[PPME








6S`Q=$78:


T!

M+]!_




'@I3/Z
MD\K`G_UBWQSJU_/X5_?V:]

V
M2(LP7T5IG.3!XJ49QD^M'!LL=J_#V%W^TZ!8KCY-DIA)X--
DJ3O'@Q(Q0`^



LG)-.6



MMDYI4*8R0L:RFMPS#3VMAX94-P\-+7J8QJ9P6&B09O$0.X(16_]
`UEH-*2J

T
GXT8ZN(LB$]1$AY3%*L?Z:!+)2&%+&9AE
C6N
P'=`IWG1BC=)A
M24*X!^)_3JXPVJDH


MI-OAQTJX-C#+PT3=@@J`\`!TQ-[$EM926%6GII265,U$LY8\IH&T(96'J
M$(`E[$P

XE/K&BC:[33G^L/*@DR]EQ%1.*RY?\.7HODCZ%

^4ROK





J_P/:M&@
`
];K8(C*$
/`J/
^=5


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#[


'!S#G/CJ
D1MN682F=GG\_1561W+57






M?K6\O/[\\6C0_SUL?^W)OR_V/W:_U.O#5__PO`UNA_W4[X$ON]WOO=1\[5$H


WWR\_B,,H/LD
MVJHRA7MH.@'4=]NQX'@0'*@.-`<F`%



!Q8#AP'GH#
A'#`IB8
7:K'T*781+:)HK@3%U75S`N=HXVB
K/`&9F_W)%LDQ0]_L
M

.CCQ]_QPR&S




M&Q




]M.G[.TG^]9OUD





P'AU

MU;*!*GM&E8

_PXD523;2V0#H@`(H$H(!J(

V=EQ`M+7+(JH(YQTH!%`)!`%1`



)IB.G]G-$41/4AQTLTX
M$4`D$`5$`S%`+!`'Q%.2.3(_$;N/'&(WOZ.45#&
A6=Z2C?-VR2:_.JRLG53





MHN*]5P%%$H@HA.):U-LV$1?;_(09&G)'?SG20_/R?))]%D60ND`R*`2`*
MB`9B@%@@#HBG)'?D1)*?8Y(/PQ:R1U3%75H5G]=K4TN375TBJ:HI/0$CH$H
M44#T&2T;J+)G5#FH\I3DEIZ(^G.
^F%
\B?1DFJRJP72`1%`)!`%1`


$`O$`?&4Y([TH9I

$

M0@]B%U_:435TYPZ(`*!*!Z)--PLMG3Z*9434LWP)Q0#PEN6-]9XY%J
T



MNN/0B5GUO:$357'HU(NJ+EX`:2#W`A%`)!`%1`
Q0P0!\13DMFS.)%[CSS/
MO7/^J/4FB4A'`=(!$4`D$`5$`S%`+!`'Q%.2.\'R+!\ZBYAKWQXZ240=B643
MZ4`C@$@@H@&8H!8(`Z(IR1W)`P.&DG`D?[SO(^$:Q$L)VT6234^L9]^Q?MX
M);'_BUUS;%
!=2PV


Z3TGN
M]HG(O

M0)G
MUL@'1`!
M1`)10#00`\0<4`\)9DE2Y;`CY:$+RP<3E2.G^?9H0%'DF@::2V0#H@`(H$H
M(!J(222.ZGGI





MX%[?


L(0$#


[5<_S
M



YQ/\

MP4=XDPZ?^?F7)VV2)C-P6?&GUB;5Y%]L/!0.2*!*(E*(-*#R)RB/K7!_4;

M'2Y\LNBW&3Y9#N\N8I^$EQK]=AS?C&^J6WU\-0GCIKH-;S(I+*&^;4OM=/6M
M*'%9WZHCOQX7$%YQ]'+W??O/N]?O#\_[B\?MMV#`S55_3OT:WX84_W/8O1S?
M)_-E=P@O-SK^\T=X:]4VO$+EYBJ(O^UVA^$_846OQ_=@??ZO`````/__`P!0
M2P
$%``&``@````A`-7P
.R&
M\S[\^Z^/[[9A,_U<*ROX]#NPV_M'+Y_^OFGQ]=Q^CQ?VG8)P

MXGAN+FU?S]%X:P=8.8U37R_P=3K'\VUJZR/?U%]CFB1YW-?=$`H+#]./V!A/
MIZYIJ[%YZ=MA$4:F]EHOH'^^=+=YM=8W/V*NKZ?/+[=WS=C?P
1S=^V6;]QH
M&/3-PZ?S

M`PQ[
+6G??B!/#!:A/'3(P_0/UW[.FM_!_-E?/UEZHZ_=4
+T89SPA-X'L?/




:?D0AM[6@
M0?@M70=!2GEN8]Q*&ZAL@&F`H0(2TZ

9

_)U%AIFEE$M(LLCH.4P1'
M*'9LCU#1R

M0E!#GL&[E+FE
@B%FP=

1\PZP9[L



`[E2E$.&4
M.XLE`1N/RKOL_EIEQAM;_]T-I5U
FC





X&'U?:?\#XKV`#810)1D-6-T=:5=:K?;R

8#N0BG4G7





+]$`T)0-LN#26OR)A4<
M-55DV!RA<D6HW09L341LD))YW$



DKA]QR.*XF
M
!5E;`1HG-
!3P9%P73
M/D$R
/6IN[&L2&JC9-9&+8WF-+*:R=SLN

M#D)TQ*P%C[YE8



M+0


!=C




M]SC2?NSC%S;9D9UR98X]JRG*W;3U3DW%XJTE*)T$*(C9G',['3LD?$(R^ZC
MUSQV0M1!B(Z8GBVK=@C(^^./5


$%``&``@````A
G
VR\EV3)%


MFC:_[O-S=2TVWL^B\3X]_?[;XVM5?VM.1=&.(


MBFMK@M3%.6]A_
VIO#5]M
5J#XHU1.XRVZ7'YAJ6W$YY?U;N^B+(
M8@/T^U,@5M/'\7=8/;O.*3).$,TZ@0]QVO9.:A&IT+('ZHW;MQ[])<D%*0&

M&5!DG&:Z
*CEL:5`4A!3D%04I`AX`B`?4\%3=6@+)N/)@0O
J&J3!KP#@A

M3Q(H'?MTYJ^(O-YN-S
%*049`HX\J


M+/NTM_=IS1!P-
/Q@#3K&H&VF+*ZVL






V*S;_H/=R:6;N(B@9H4


I(QDFK@+5D@P*]%9%O9
P'0LDV[:ZT*NSRHSZFBYO
ME
@NTJ`V9B1A)&4DP\15HAH-H@0U%


SDC26J)UL8,XLW:F[8'6GG]W@D4=O5`52
G2=1Y83WFNH%(YA
S

2
)(RDC&28N$K4(3HH
ML;DP9RNN8[P!#M`!;
H8(Y*1F)&$D921S!+=2@U/+5PQ]P]^]7B:+ZPAAAY[



[R(
R2=MGF(X^'A\'`NA[KD[MV7XV'Q
MN;N

M]SJ2OQ?CR_#ZRZ7?_]Z?.H@VY`DS\#@
'Q'ZVQY-
'D9S/Z@
O#G9;'OGMI/
4^R<MTM<YR(5?)
MXK$;IP\]SDT6NT_C-!S_TR!%?78BC1/X-$[$*BWD:KWY$2^Y\0*?UDOYXUX*


B
M;-#JLW$A5.YKC2%LK`&++O.XT#%9I6YGC$P9)8-6GXQ7%+7&$#+6@&1``?S8

F`[3*T
M^N0JCYS&$'+6H(*5I6N.;^BPO!:K*DH'K1X=Z=5&K3&$CC4@G760.CKJ7+&\
M3BD(K%19I^-X)NM#8C0F2W()P<%9ZESV=&I8^CUU5(7*)YA^I39TQ[I6E=W
MG@%1BEJ*G:6A&!X;5
?(PEHTF0!);V^UTWS':VJ-(IJR!;'B!+73%R6BB7

M$A/NC*3&1(F-EVG)KEBN''@RKN+*S!
)%1\$S1?MK9FGB^M&9!D)C6%IYV!8

*W(]8E@Q@)37[E4DBFV$EM9@
M=NCE0;2L4#M:OJ51_LUQS4L)-36RL)9:'@_O0*^EU6.WL+6HVL[69+LF'@P@
M:1H9+7@&$:.ES+Q\RD`'#(A4^&Q!6IZ2-6P0
CV6.4NW-)E[(!449ZFNZP]:8B<=IFZ<@I0IJW=4A

6!$7




1C&DL`[RA
ML04_`V9:H?;#:Y:@*ZC2P[.A-7O@X2G-5BV%5ZN854![5=S
XU`G/'3\')@Y

M?.6W];_00@[52DZ@RKL4K0V*%I4]`&Q'-!3#&:#:
O[8M^=WD'$T^%XN/W1YW/3ON[


Y*Z#?'C.U+NZ7WR!B
M^TJ/0DNW$!259Y3TC:27.<:!T!M(MN:2(C;C$<L!Z`[^CDS6H0LP2C!\LA
MI,CR:*!#J8'K;-C?*UI+BJK6)25M)2EG%TI[*1&







'+FR3'KDE35E!L)'/S%(Q.$^'K86;@FCF\#B1DH4#T



3#DO)-G9A;L</K0
*W$


%I!&($

MK`DQ+Z



:@;P6B


K
6Z41?0


0(Q&*$
MZDVGJ9@S^=04Q4?@0
+J\KE*1T'#!4A9L!HAQ0C$8H2J#UD]4?5S!]
)J.`'
MUX&$U??;1D0+3B





IW@3_^I-_4^?47E[;;7L\


M%C?%[D=1Y3#:



V4^E')URX((0%:H*\/O@A6]]XK

/*::#:S1?%%=+E7@H`'HS`

M_LKO)VPNIC/2XX2'@7N-DV8-$SR
:)CZC)E-AP115V'!0/


)G&!1P#26/R@(5_PI2OT%-+.T


U5/H0DRL+:DU
MK1J-;$V[D82
U2DC5%*0OA9J1;.,1TC1B0C,2,))K8356B)
M$YQ\N@Y_E'RH6ALGE(2DH@1R4C

MLON]M35Z.V-+0ELBKHU19#38/MI:]%D4

7/(M_GIU#I9_5+!]D^=.PUT..Q^]-69&N$;<0=G@<]





M.*$)41@P8].17M[M
29&J%4G+I`:@)41NC*1$=&]#[)UF5=.1F+`JV:L;4;2
M

^X;CVA\)1!T1
MSH#'1(FZ

M6`(8W&@F:M#!C@2GU['B6*UPCDVB.5J(B=A*T+C&W6#D9^;99
[1BQ4'JW$^
MS&:


M+P+$%H)V-B&$7
X2XFPW9KT3#L[%G5.=:

ML05-&RH?&RIW34-Q3&&1W8;2DV.G1=:.U%_COWO]8IBIF6%@U(:G+LM&A9
M0]M']2='L\9N5'_#]:C_W$52A5#]V8IO5HROAB-K2T+O&B3I42!+
Z4L'4N.

M.1:
U+\Z$#=




_N

2GSI=G*XJ#KB?/GZKKM[7HNW*

M4A2]!QGJ[N!?^O[V&(9=?BFJK`N:6U%#Y-2T5=;#Q_8


M1JB[YSB

M^'M9%U!MZ)/NP$O3?-'4WXX:@L6AL_KST($_6^]8G++7:_]7\_9K49XO/;1[

M;ZK_#$F


^DA)#@BF?2((R4LO0


#$)H:T&29$5S#E@.2`0@!1L5E4H=&##[N9FKB-63F2


Z&C5#3
Q+QM4W5#
JICWI/41B?;XH!`*EC3*39.=`H
ME23B+9=D2/.LI1R0'%`((H$/.)0A:R
`;[K.,+7$0Z2`*(U2+=OBY6Y
6
M8_S8=Z!-;#X285A@#I



6;*ZL+-7%C+U6]\#P$K6_I^



48GZNL


S&8F'`*P('B















MH[7LG_7&/_]@


M[RT[9Z-QSC^PP49VTT9+RG\P8]K

M9&!K6=C-EK!OM):%W6P)NSK$[IM9W_I%NLYA_MO
\M8O4N4;9MK
4M8O\DT9
M9J;-/!C4+W)K`R\TCP6;+0/U=Y2M[)7Z16ZMOZ-L98_4+W[LO6UEKVPUZBFK





M4H0M9X:0`4H&2!F@988`6H&R!F@9X@`8H&2!J@:82F
6DJ]9NA`]TC%IU;

`56Q1NX\%9Q0P0D5

$)57&WND'I7F)=#TI_%DU_QNI&^
M36\BQ3`J

Q9IJ282YF]R=@EPU[LG)3Q:+S9?4=[)(VV




/:-5


;0]

MZ)@
W3:9WKN9F

?I4SI!N[EA5+)_M4A6'_[U=


M[04ZEL?E]#^V=)Z/M6+Z0\_'-;]^/LZ7'#/0O


M7+/;



ME*ON



^973#R!P


O







M_^R8JGB]SS%5\7^I*U[OK2O^+W7%Z[UUQ?^EKGB]MZ[XO]05K_?6%?^7ND%C

+[%A@
M:H&9!78M
+?`G@7V+7!@@4
+'%G@V`(G%CBUP)D%SBUP88%+UQ9X-H-Q:X

$#``T#1`Q0,4#&`!T#A`Q0,D#*`T#
MQ`Q0
T#.`#T#!`U0-$#2`$TC-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0-$+3$TC
M-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0M(*F%32MH&D%32MH6D'3
MII6T+2IA4TK:!I!4TK:%I!TPJ:5FU-.]FEWQ4CNT;:`V6M?$99
SZ^U[?U



MS&&SKGRZ.+RX?^;NG;5+M=U0^]XM+YM/
L_;)S(/)!?M$XU6EHR&EXO#H_8C

M+00^#

M
H%KK]H;\Z6%D:SJ&_4K;]1WSI%Z0\J?53O(5M[0[YPF=1C_'J6^\]8]ZN3!
M\I*]*=TXP.%.&C1WJO
0JT50/
2V%F#JP^8)=CPVCV1Q06J\6UE@8H$=TPM
M,+/`K@7F%MBSP+X%#BQP:($CQQ;X

MN

M)`$N;!)@$\C!+@E`K!'@EPP!;@FP2X!?`@P3X)@`RP1X)L`T`:X)Q39Y
M=3@FKS0=/!9;%$[I\Z\BK]B'QEA



+7%C@T@)7%KBV
MP(T%;BUP9X$0@$[`/$U`N0+T_``$#%`R0,$##`!$#5`R0,4#'`$#E`R0
M
D#+`#$#U`R0
T#/`$$#%`V0-$#3$TC-(W0-$+3$TC-(W0-$+36#1U'J]B



@YD`L@ETN@%P#N0%R^0.B';9K(WP





MJHT\`=%1VLH3+#I*FWF14=IZTZPZCMU0D6':7=.L&BH[1?)UATE';L!(N.


Y`'((Y`C(



M1;'U9R8L2R$*B&KKKTJ`1;4UB06+:NL/28!%M?6G)

MK3DH6%1;?RX+*JM/Q@!%M76GXP`BVKKCT:`U5&[&Z+U]INM$'W]4UMKQ2-





P-D!
@4R
M`[(+9`YD#\@^D`
@AT.@!P#.0%RN0
R#F0R70*Z`7`.Y`7(+Y`Z((M$*
MID@$5!&BKEII12&5U4HK6-16*ZU@45VMM()%??5Q)5A46NM8%%CK;2197U




@JJU\!(MJ


Z!7`Y
M!'(%Y!K(#9!;('=`E)-60N4D(,JJG`2+PBHGP:*TRDFP**YR$BS*JYP$BP)K
M;14L2JRU5;`HLM96P:+,6EL%BT)K;14L2JVU5;`HMM96+4O1(AJ:VT5+*JM


@%D$L@5TN@=P`
MN05R!T3Y:54/@*BK





M)G1#Z);0'2$E
X14
A.K'
Q17
G


M
I/GJ*]D)L_17\E
GN

D
GI*9F.
#)3-YC@^4
MS.0Y/E`RD^?X0
E
GN
#)3-YC@^4S.0Y/E`RD^?X0
E
GN
#)3-YC@^4S.0Y
M/E`RD^?X0
D
GI*9F.
#)3-YC@^4S.0Y/E`RD^?X0
E
GN
#)3-YC@^4S.0Y


GN
#39O)



MT!TA97.1.PNI;;F*YL)L^17-E
GB.ZLID\1W9E
WF.\


WF.#S1Q)L_Q@2;.Y#D^T
29/







MR7-\H'`FS_&!PAD\A3



H'`FS[&!PAD\A3






GB.[PID\1WB%

ES#*!P)L^Q@
*9/



ES?*!P!D_A3







WF.#Q3.Y#D^4#B3


WF.#Q3.Y#D^4#B3


M_/-[_8OFU?HWS05_]_3PV\?WNKW;K^?2`(Q#H_K0J/Z)*PZ-ZT.O^Y#@T$I]











MUPGLS_]/`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/+5-'87`P``+@D``!D```!X

M0+D0]
FGLT
MV'Y/
Q*S[%B22BB1AA180/P\IS7OU
KL'KD2-R_'^B%C90T26UI0\=Z*(JO



=A0RD[59#
M]@OTY





M36#3`;+AC39-M#';



M`/__`P!02P


M






(8#+459*LQE

P?5D31)Q]Q.@PW)3[(YK\*Q;O^M

/K-N(-G.+3[#4L_'
N]N30NSUY3
ML--HZV



M;!9@CT=+FFC1XF#
P80#AX
I!RX'



$5K8
MLN2:5A%Q#1%8SL^J:'A
H\^60/
BD1[;EEEP$39-^E5$`D.$=H;9A]EE%9'0



:NBXI7U8UZDP..W



M;(4L-U

-7[1Z71P!A$2]?#B8BRRHBH2%2
M-.)5.)W($*$1CT5G7=03'/'DD=2(UV(?@K9%(OR:Q*PG'6-G^I=#GMAW_4VU




M4BL]T.J^A+I1
0:;1`'R!2(V0&Q`
R![(`X@
)@R!A$!60(@:R`;(%L@
ML4[





@;A`9D`\('


M@VB+2/R$@(@818

M(GM(#[Z1`.

#M20_
P`M/?6#![S%&JZ27Q-@


\ME&`

M[_[]U\N7)]=IVK0ZI86H^-[]SAOWZ^'GGW9W4;\V5\Y;!RI4S=Z]MNUMZWE-
M=N5EVBS$C5=PY2SJ

B;[]W15VGS+;?
M+I6HTV

0K6K^=4(+&
MGM7ZI9N!/VKGQ


S+T+Q2H(UT\_
M4F795UE-5:(?KP+478?@<V!9+8*GD(31XQYY<G2Z4:5IFQYVM;@[L%2A_\TM
MQ85/MB%,9X;B,ZI[%_8,C%`#ZOLA
)HY[W#S&2]*98F^*V:UKHIF34]Z29J
MFXCN8(
#EP:0C_@P
3/XJ(^K@KL3SP(*JIOW.9

MO31\6!DS^*AJ^*:0F`*5@H851+Y!IK32*&!=SE@IM&F]XHT$O&TK0:1SHQ

MB2E04V*H%'@\]7.$50?KB%I4BA,@9H4P2-8J-1F&L(KUIC8J::-DT@SM
M/+)93?NYQ@ZF(;$88J@$1)XXLT,5?K;$OC'G'O4=`LA5H*4Q6=!#/5GC(B
MH_;!ON]=*HML-RG4\C!5T5DP-&=89)8:N]YXQ

MT\`R7D%BHL1KCV4J=/3
+B+%KH\61N8

MX)QAD7GZ:!4IJ=NSF`HEIL)416?!B)Q8S+`F
D'U\5D;S_.X=\E'/H&SF/S1

MMI\%6];IWE@(3JBW]

X



1!F(
)!B@
M&&`:8)@)B\AA)D=A

B

)!B@&F`889A+H?[14*#M[



M)(5;=B-
NAZG:\E']%#3GI7#'C:AQPP1/[=1B


M(4Q'3'MYIS#:BSM0(AH)(\SAKU@[5+E$_H+D.M(Y&O70*Y(91(O6/^Z/1
M3!
MBS'Z-:P0T7F8_E@[J&I/'#-&1`TJ`^




UP@B5<(QOGYY[0ZADD

PQ(2-RCB


MXL?A%CY#@X6(3T.8V($_A1L8V/0^#2)PQW--3_D?:7
JJM:[Y$=P9S[;P
)M
MQ'60^-'5U_YRX;GNX':G__

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S

MU+8
26G:OU]2(U%SD=-L'MIXSB$U

M=[^5Y\)FVZZ36X&GJOKBJ)]WSF0'+\3H3]T*_%'/=L4^?SFV?U:OOQ;E\Z&U



P/206^-H+;IZBD-?/@ZU6PA51A1%+%LID!(?;L8-FAL

A!O


JE'LL1&0LP!1+4A,WK
MFL:?,9AE6F-8!1LZV%Q#20P;$L-0%,Y*?5]';/H4.'TY)\'8A[IFEF$X6@7<
M=0S'B?!]@)WTX@:MK$CG`_^=F;F<








M
'X670M;!:A4?#C.3



MH8XY)9EP#`0&.Y9$[!R1QER%
F'1PF*PA;I=6G8!S$H#5TO\9+2L\;5R81%
MXO!%NH+51910U)A)C0R'C2@.V6*K4G@B^K)C`[HYHK((UA6FGB:41WPOU
M)@Y]O

&UUE+

MD;HUT4P38%WI``











';M
M?PK$=@5)-9!-D!3^^,@?DQ9NOU^E%`QDBOAY5B^//?=NP?E`7,.MU(4&WN

AM)=`?!5P.`KH#6+^\QG;/H=?($V5!N4*!%4^@QA&%!-I$K$

XF@SH<

1XY&KB8#<=6QT+
^;FD#6-

ML2T5#EG3*+5+Y

W`-+%(T-8;JX=\TMFL8C)?!3):+84.





36W!
`EK8


#+GQOY:G^H^Q/
MS77P+O41AD9!!B+1J[MA]67L;O+N\K4;X:I7?CS#'7X-UZ!1`.!CUXW3%W'[
M//]7X.5_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`E[K`%;@0```44P``&0```'AL


_S
M^S9DF_L$+=

:S
7D&


M9K

#@MK(
MPW5+F4;

M2TIKDU*P*DJBR0%!2*E2A$JO$_&JQ-/Y!);LPOPU248*6+`J=@T/R(`@9-?V

%
S9P3SSL0BF+65&ZY*H2@$F-DY/!6M.:S
M6W$
0FQP1'WF'/6DBCHO#!K1E$5-QX=0M81H549BIEKW1HDV"&R@Q735.!
MJ\60&ERAWS%]1F7QI85I/)0[YIU1;$5(5(ABD+2=!LCUSFDZ1JI&3Y2
)
]



M:):Q::6H$@ICL]XLH?8O_@CTR-`;J/.%6F2_BA(7?A4E:P*0
^T0WEMCG1*'
MI*MDN3`*@)C(?78K=K;TUY;TBY`

MRD
219D/R4ZE?9+N&XS[1G3/N$4
QL^:]1V'FZZP&9Y!]:Q1JKIL&@\M




MZ%I9.C1)UK
:*(LO+9R!+=T-:FZ9SLY82TO*/-U96CRU9`RH((U&VJ!B\AY2



J'&)&!2%&5&P1;DT1EJ4&H8C;HK'&N
18
M@YPP!CLNOCF?M.CO62905+@3('&H$N3K4R&\0LS6Y16UEREBI]553:DS


M(S'^1VHH039=)]_[/4&

M6AQ7!G/5B3

M=I:2J_T50E&RR8AA$^C4^ROY6L7


S8
M61$(64QDMZ+%=3X-SY6E[^JEF%!)M*QU00$Q1K`GB#$\;:5?64JOWOP(12%K
MH#-%3$:.J&N5E#XC5-2XU

3JQ6+&*/SP84M3;%W)#^=\ABN.]D2PMDI]M<EJ$32&`$<88V`
MC%#


TNYU?8=




#



M&&HO+\'

M;?$HI:&J=
02)*]


M'T$G)GE&`0^%ZDT9-?!\CP:XIB8U5Z[X:JZD@YCPK$7BJ2]N8:*B0

E2

M)HT&98(3Z5=G@7C`TKJ]5?.K#1@X!U(FW

MY1.;H9M$60%G^D/C8:(TO!#`Y-6D@C9/`8PCM]B&@?/RL=VR'XU]F`2;2D)@


K]`N^-0O.`6U+Z2%T=Y05J:I!3VV@H8Z+:B)
MUQ\(6I)S#)I!C0%J=:0'N#$$?!8V*;;H7V.*';77:TG.AG\1X$E)/^0RR2


\4FM$QO.91$
M)8HG43QB.='(@D1'+_FH5SL4+I_0S%EQHTJ!WV1)DIWA

66
M!TK7!OE0YS38E0GZZZIRQS.6UNTMY38E70W/_GM0FXE1Z$`%&;68HKSR






$374@'O3)U2E)J771D20L9H3%

YJ

U*K#@



21+XE7ZW2
MB%!ZM]\1A%MWU`E-JLL).T
Q-?:]BVX7G:CL[YT6'J#


M`JD!0.55SS

!]H=9HINJQ]
X)W99^/ZIY=I

9C8E1\)3@I[P


M?&=05@?8*S3.8Y7D3ZFD0=GQ[JDD?ZR2VDS+/:*2!F7*S1-KQ+'E*(#%]S12
M/5\\N$=H


MQ





M970Q







MK^XVN_W-8=/^K#0I16?0I


7W
\
D'%#



T-*)QSZ#JI8N%PS+6J9
M+98I-740!WTR(U.(QR.#2@\;:5F`DRX#V$Z]&PHJH





4C0?*EPJ86-WYH^#;$^9;/E
M%VQ8
:HPA
%U-H5[-\^KQ8WCFA(-L1)EL^6(P7=D3`W5*HSY+S@]-6CP^%(+

506VY5B(1J*$NAIB=L%9$SA

1\9Q8'@%G6S*1]`RY9:VEBN
MK::VL4YE
[!T6X(


_!T.Z(
JDV](ZIP
M*S-@AFXS(&9A3`N'D[;8QH\E:%L$@0*T-K[?$650^YG9619G.6F+I6*UQO46



MGEJ
@`8L#&^]\:0MUK56EV3+9@STR$T[&53VO/K#%G8[9RZ7&TL'-A=9E]_4

[D
M

MU
D


M/^U5R





MJS@9P):F`&UKT-S%+M:F;+9M&SP-RZAR'\






M8N:.5O8B.HG];K?U;M:`0
=J!8VO7.'XQCJV#W3
3689%$\3+Q4NM;`17).N
M0RQ=V0R]WY^N
*HPI#=]4?%G`^C[/;IZJ8#*5%M

MV3PY:4







P#B6LVY3Y(7NM)X==.X]

80!.]
M/*]

3&!ZM]3$1C?R+!U




MA;0);B4I470K1:'
K?B#GXZ35PBW/6U-PBA
_$M5C.E'&A[UH]_0:XB_B*-J




M0V?%X*C0)N?1B*BB).]-\ZXZ?IKN5#_)6$Y9\BBFBBYD?3R9B`4-*:1LAU
M




_52YYKW(@4&Y`#WA4@]O%(U;&!.)K5(P&;Z4R;+-V2T_W+6\L6

M2M3X16\





#0I2\2H
M*`Y555=O_B#)I=T@/DJI,D7B@R;BHTS`9T7/@OP<_BIIM=('<A-$R^5$DM1




F)
S1/


MGGBD0\X5O0FZ$

T?WT[0
O



.TWD(:7KJGIY^A7DTL2YU
M512=-@Q^(]ZG!I$+\TH7:*_(&*?H



N_MR&


W4$M#F#AZ4-

!03;90P^M`;FNC3;F@Z&1
0



W1E_V]IBXH];^VPCG38!YY55
M7IAPQ.WQ



9?Q



M:;Y.C






L'`/XMGP90G7!5YG)VCZ@3!C+G3A%[

4624FFI
P)'.Y&%HG\5T
MX
]WQ'X'A^XELXIG1[O_&++.)Y([]N%:;<MMQ=B60U)/S__V.U&HQ&$MDO+T
M1=O^D$1N9``$H4J_O9?__[^[=V_'IY?'I]^?+Q)[F8W[QY^?'KZ_/CCSX\W

M/UX^WGQ]??WYX?W[ET]?'[[?O]P]_7SX(25?GIZ_W[_*/Y__?/_R\_GA_O-8

M^?KX\T5;^_[I5YK[?O_\S[]^WGYZ^OY3FOCC\=OCZW^/C=Z\^_[I0_WGCZ?G

M&QBWOWM^^/+QYA_)AU



U40?[\CRZ4B%36H4:SR:/7OU/B-)__&<74\<G\A=W





MFFS'83)9)/

!@GCT-L


I
//Z[6*[N(
/5:N!UF@4V!J;!#M8
MJP9:HU



]L\?3-DV03?L*QW^?A


;+.7ZH?5B^G6H51:7+W'@S
/R=)OB`%6$Y?


AE9E@O@W^@^&F5V.M/5@P#4^K
M):S'#K98Q]O5:A8(.@;C$5L\12TN5]Y#T5@AFRUA!QC3[&!Y;HJA(T!([*R)


MY\I)93=6PKQL`6&^
T$:


'/HM37FRN=N$D;2E6%%KKXV2L?WM+
AR8VW
-D2@#:X
$KM-$6D$
M5]]--N%PAKL=&=GD1`HB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1`9'C`^7F]5=&HH`/?406:^6

MDDA%I;2$&F)=$1Z(H,C8P=?09\\Q,68.!Q=L==O3*VET3ZQ6*8!#T0@R+&


['^ED2%JA+K*(2H&9Q]_Y0*GJ(4D&+WCCF7R[6L=




M&&_+R?KZF`U-RF9'L#$U\_U]=$C]*TTV49.II&FP'='^2BM=W`K?*/F51H:H
MD64_CS$Q?))KRVXC[]RQ5/4Y+8B8D[I]EKN#)@I'8O(APP9(4('W\W605Y
M$)&

I8R[E[3Y19KV4/&Z=C9^&$$?&
-Z-&_T%F?5/<2O(N19&23$RF(


7X[








CQ#






M1$HB%9&:2$.D)=(1Z8D


1$B(ED8I(

M1'(B!9&22$6D)M(0:8ET1'HB@R/&A[=OGD*)S



G4V38]%-Z_K53*`M-4KVSD61DDQ
IB)1$*B(UD89(
M2Z0CTA

!O5(V1?Z1KG*#2)GIE
M2ZR0R26#<'`*V1PS4@BNNUMH'NJ#`$E&-CF1@DA)I)2$VF(M$0Z(CV182*3


F)#!.9A)%WC=+[S`Y@8EZ)`!/0D=H]827S
MG@.WJ1FK\D;.ON2<G8ZU3#:A.IJA:B!E9),3*8B41HB-9&&2$ND(](3&1P9

M);&U/


ML1=*73(V?_FE+4M(\5WPV!0]DL9/7)
TF



;Z[]7/R)(9^1U.*H7-T=;T2H?VM[+WX3#!6PN2J08J/6Y%+F\M&
MXY5O:AJO

O[JB[I\D:O^($GTZP3#:A+I3@DTU.I!2$JF(U$0:(BV1

M
K+)B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0ETA'IB0R.7(P1_9JCP;D840.OB1)3Y5J

M(H
CQG]GYQ']XJ/!N1A1`_7
*6KS6HQ`RDXQPJG[F?
J*TU)]?I[(AF1G$A!
DW'5*9;
+^C&EG1C8YD8)(2:0B4A-I
;N?R<B\\0IO$&'7%RES'CS59^^<)7B06Y




X@47X0'<L#F3H3IQSF3F=2%E39DXD(Y(3*8B4
M1HB-9&&2$ND(](3&1PQ\J2K,P&C7WPT6(8GY29%U,#'BQ)392X'6/WH&MR


IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0CTA
9
M'#$:R(]:^NX[]OA#5)XD-$3AKL4IJC!/PL


R=-UIBO

M=2[O/_=U8E$N)/-K3N;IN
ED$XY2E




LL1HR6X1S06**8\#A=Z=LK$VH2I(,K+)B11$2B(5
MD9I(0Z0ETA'IB0R.3($BOTH-&URQ12KO/25ET!.GN$ZRV5YZJ&3S1@8_EH,T
MFY.-J$TF--G9)
3*8B41HB-9&&2$ND(](3&1PQTH2SP#2`Z9

C

M7HWCGU*)A;J0YV_.Y?D)?

@TP_@;7+$@%Y+Q+2?C=`1E




M%J2'V.#
;TTZ`_7

MF$XQNFZ1G9

M1N=U[(8B6L@;@


RE[;:4G!/)B.1$B(ED8I(3:0ATA+IB/1$!D<NQXA^\\GBK1A1<R^-
MDK&!*S$BO_=P?BUF^)I_LRI%#4+`H51QBAG5#`J&56
:D8-HY91QZAG-'AT

MCB+CSK
+`3)Y8Y3S]H%HT56NCG

MB6*(1#%$HA@B40R1*(9(%$

%.`


-/O5CR!QA4B40R3*(1+E


D\IBIN#N((-
M`HXKWBF@0R_)3+-FO;JH@TC4023J(!)U$(DZB$0=1*(.(E$'D:B#2-1!).H@
M$G4478DK



MJYQ1P:AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1P.C`Z
CH%*%XK$M

M;)+)+'(_IM_B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B?D3B



B):=)GY-@G?U0N:F5SW
MK&8V8XTHVW61#/E0#-$HADBT0R1:(9(-$,DFB$2S1)9HA$
T2B&2+1#)%H

M/]$VI:^3P:2KO
^:'I:2V




MH`


M2S,TT4L1(6(A$+D8B%2


PO?83




BD0F1R(1(9%(T]GCY

XGT5=ELIAW)1HEQBAFZR(9(9$
D

M2&1#)+(I



M164?^N0




MG%A=DZHX$'W?JOT/%.\C!!1&2[TUH^*WM;6U'\^(4:D!8A%FG/OOMT.(0P)7
M



M6OMMT#.YSO/XL(DS#
&&-+$$[`EY8]3E@4%@;#6L@S(!?^3&`1_#]Z3XDUP7

M1/R;B-/O^

KC5`E18O18




C;5W0A[K&35]]2L<M)7
B8J
*UD^JCT&XX9(@+\
MBF9/2FN=J1*!+&%W;&63
']$6

M/8!3[24\X6V8G^*

M!\A'0@IQ`\N#=?OG8_P?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`#:)C2EL%``#\



X$'U?:?\!
M\3Z`#22AE60T@'IWI!UIM=K+

MZC0M:F\AC:)-V%9-YXL

.UN0\R6UO_

M?.#G




M;#9DL




W%Z(7Z,_#Z]73_Q$0XCIJ]7.&5B\'(:!1!\YGR4/[MZMSJ




MRY[1H


M/\0P`A9V+8N.`_T[\?9=W7SME_'Y.XYNN?2NY6=ZFV;Q816G$00;TL02\$;I
M.S.='Q@9U/Q]LL$[#+M$!V#CTOQ![W-HOAT+B#;+G,)Z06^!'^U)&8E`
/


(N!PK/7_Q4K_*$YW.?(I`N




;7C
!66(C![3#82\$7-0)@8K_I80P^V9.G:S
M
T/5!%F
5`O2ZW::


)!CX&
M4PQF&
PQ6&PQ&%P1J##09;#'88[70"ULDIHV_?0LN:!#IFJ
T]:;1Q:
M;B2%%H
Q!A

?`RF&
PPF&.PP&)P0J#-08;#MKEXH_FQ?9!VPX+[67CEWO$
M&L&';54)?LNMZYHU*\%'R]*0&TG!QV
P00#'X
I!C

YA@L
%ABL

M`+;S6L9]


E?(0B%+A:P4LE;(1B%;

[LT?S%

JJM




F+$JZ=J2T$#_8!^I[
MNM=_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`)NM9N1HL``!/V```&@```'AL+W=O



/AM\SG=*^&U75.'OK
MUD`/
!A




M6WIX__Q7^GCZ].GQP\/P].'WKP_?7DLGSP]?[E\Q_I?/C]]?V-O7#W^ENZ_W


S+]]X\)

LQ/2_@+T


`0




[=VF5]LI2'P&SU

M2^_1G?/GU4@3+6Z%Z
W)#V
('J

D^:



&]N9A5'Z2!Z8LMV%8Y)V

M:_#N+=2C.6?8:=.3F[DY]5(S7NY+QUX:(M[1S\*$CVN/
#GZ2='K
@V6-[








2T&@(P!F0(R]+D

-\D49?@=NV*LFP8WCP]TVKD6:HG_'X


QX!


M&5J9(@P;\B2\
MT&=2)(8\B#-'+(HR`-\TD::3X+TC!?I!'FEJ'5)/XJA\=4


M;`@NHR!IW#?;+9:YNEMXL:@)+(?APYO^N`O/]!;M92E?5RO;AEJ)K[A7*TV=
M`J;P./E'NT-P&04I+EA
Y
[]22PJ]7*82AU*W&FI17M9ZE:^R$E:I`'.^WH/


M--)\%*1A/DDCS6=!&N:+-








TL@Q




0(:`C`&9`C('9-&(S=UU=7
HZL9
MJ7$ARVJE*C8@0T#&@$P!F0.R:
0R2:KDQSKM4$0+^
C%H8L+658KS:3XE0(]




%VL@D4L
M0DZ3K&CDM*@-S:B+:VJ.U0,^$60-)*^S^H'\2`+J


MK

@=D

$H2
-\DD::SX(TS!=I#*FR
MHB@P;8BCL)#F6(QTC1)IC&4(YJ
@#?-)&BO3*[TOVMSD]-3601GV:L#=))Q7

@N0.]OW17X07L?!Y/EW7

M
ZN5IEK\VDNE@_DH2)
J^ZI4B33
%^DK)#6ICBM4BRA!UW6^C2MF3I0N'
PE
M($-`QH!

1T$:YI
T
E*S


A1



G/PC2

O1M\(JUG)46''5#;8YB0DE
M5*HR+IZ/3J!OG+#WL#LKP9\6BC^A'+/XZQ;CX]BW15=W%U577(E#*Y-T*K$T

M]KK)!!


M='JO:5(JGN6.88-)U@EO
*0%PU)(Y0+[73P3B!,SJ!
*'D=+
YWOGY#`&@


TGCXM*?Q

M3P^!)Z%

[QR1P'3(!9PTA
M7D5G&%YA?YM.[Q7-_%&@I+'XMQK1`12O.(`M
M6QDYL74.`*HLC523:*A1;6(4
U+.;!`Q9XZXD6*234&`BRR5:.'%0)-1Q`

MP)508^C@RE;%E5##`8EE:^2:Y$9-;*S;(D?@+^*BL82GTYM!
\-*R&0(1#T$
MHAX.P\ADX3:[-@:V2494=G5LBWR0K-J+./I]&;/9$5ADD;2835A4+W!22U



M`
J$&@Z@S%8Z@#*AA@
HLS523K*B4J[U6N2&H1J_^J*W?295ZI0TD#3AQ%F*

M7Z!

+?




M4;8^LI--8D,DYZI#&N-%YUCF847(WJ+:C*C0$JC6NX0)/MS!!H$DHNX6
W

MXA3D.=)

19)


2$6%$]I3.'AGK32`=2O.(`U6^D`UH0:1P!E

);WA?CL=G@*
M@MS2A!206T*)0N-'4-6`/J!=?-:G!YL^/J5!ZMEO9)YT3DU]4?K[MGP5T+-

MGF



M#B!UQ0'\V*HR1RCEV]U6@2I;8]*2TJA4XZE8E`A)0JI]L$=7K?;5*FA%&.


M4*1LC923'FA1+CK!4(XKCO3NVJ1
@7&=
JW(`)0)-1B`
EOI`
J$&@Z@S-9(







M5.
J);V+-ZE2TZ2!-._4@Q/H:J?FC;I8*


M6P2]KS?I4_4T\H!
0CL+79L36RP[@5.SEWUXV^#:NXZDAO!TY2J<
DK!H#
M`3^V



EO)`)0)-1Q`






+S9;U[.!E1QS3.
M


G#';!%:9AI5N88`^!GX?`
MST
@Y2&0\A8*,B=G4EF59Q0BHR!!-:G9`::WST=N*DI`1
AD#)0Z#D(5#R



`D-VC3GEV`-J'2!?9_<Y<!A($F
M,:%)7M2$AG-VW5`<_G+.XHXX)%:)%(:#4!H5OA5BEM=ZE8?0T)R\$!IJ0=L

P34/.NT
MXDX'I)\&+!O0]Q2[2$DVT.8K!7D^6=4OG54[;H%\O+E2A.6:5RR(M0YN4\



O8


F4RB0FL\@8


M.BX75ZGG=BMDL%[$OWCJ5S
]_P=HB%9CA*8(S83094YMCUM1/_LN-
ICL+-B

4E@2BC[A%H`;QK0










\4

;.TH!

'^)A6*OG?K&$T7MXU*?A$YE7XNX

*P9%V.FC4-#T@,&C@$#JX!


$Y6</XT]/3*_^1#O#'
MT_/?<WA^^?\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`X*]D[&@-``!?00``&@``


C(N>&ULE%S9

MZAO;*9:?'\






%M9K)&K
1LR8
&*S`9$W9B%DS!M*LH&*RYFS$




MF#%A0#-J%D;ME`V8


/GZ7
HM&I@U5.Q:R:TD_RPS.0^1/C+I5E4X


BEVQ2]9

MZ+J81(=LP(P1`YI1A85_S


?OVN9P)`P84



\!%-B*;:



^S2
Y

MZ
6((CQ8V*9^7
Z
08SH*F`N#*-B]7$GL.\.Q#B/QL1HAWRXS*
Q





&.HZ^-S7T<75Z:OBP_C34SVEH:NA\#@YN
M1H5_F!A:06\-*B5<X=IY1#KWFM'-H]+C'0S:'YB._IY5`;WVC'
4D#?C8QV
MR&:
\XA
_B`RS2




11ZD5$\7;$=_3PJ@WOM&&8IH='1CNR]LH98XHBDS^(
M3/.T9!8998[I/(_XI[
DM!3H[[P;'.$L'1V$1&&1%F+!SJ4L]Z16FV_M
M:/V'%-:(K+@R7#JBXOM+AZ&1M5?.H](Q5#+6CCPB/4.$U@Y8*?MY1`8@(M:.
M+!'TX@A%\&0EC\C$$

C-$




M
RYX;6R46EMOX\8.?B]P_H/A]Y5U\1U)BI5&

MMO^^



=WNPW?XAS)\.^TO=U
_7R)J;

MYG)X^L_A7-G5MGER&7BLZV^.^LN3@ZSR3&CK-@._7B9/U?/N_7C]K?[X=W5X




MUU?ECDA\NR6-4QSP@11J*$IB\H]5?(%L*!&%2%LCXF!$


!

MM$!

M^3!BTJCHC`1;/!V8C?BFR@
)RIYEJ$`Q.*D0\67+%JE$

+;FWN;:W


M\);(!GV-2+L\='$
D6L`P,*:P1^UAAK!#1N*?;]TC
WR+U\I&3GQC91.N1


WXN66DY60PW;C(OB0+\88N


!I@RZ?CU8)MGCQP2(#I:L-.EZ*C031*0J6$






&3X._9?JMJ

M^&F-E
E2I'6^!-7%'.C#^-8NT??D6O

MM$\*XA.[N

MLF?@':($6!0J]1738J49=)\QDSS4D`A4^
MHQ+^80E/\$!84RDM&`46$2N/ISNQ7(F$9P-%`A)<I\XY\9[K2*93U:M`
MAU!#3E!1:&
RHI101%#I1!%E;#*:U$B8$)5LK1*1.K_\!+CZI*HY[6`\\#Y


O$K8^=0]!`*:X:Z)VX


M3YU#M



#IB)(=+FZL?LW_P


Y3!=T_
C=8L$E]+1J@S0ABU-$G9

QY6;]
M!F=\$!J!E+
3O)\R$G
.C5P^?'
U6?@RM\U0PRRY?(PQ
CB4B%41#!DZ&*T3












C?5N14:(/!!41U0JH`PBMQLMFM



^GG%L-VH9VN81

MWTI8!%7





M?3_`O$.$&`)(E1LGQN;5`497.W)&I$NHU&8RZ254FRK&)5=6659/958V

M86X'

B!7K?(J5W_S;3U?C
MXETUKT?3R1^V]G8?;!759#`=CB87?]CZ_O3YSA=;1;TH)\-R/)U4?]BZKNJM





V^JV72^
M
.Y9E(L^_L




MF_78H^Z13
EY<
M3*?#NJBGXYZV_78^Y3BS^?1\U..:E^7\;246V2XNJ@GB
C:57PZO1A/3B8O1
MNPI$86/J/E`G0@ROC*1=MXM)U5O_\*]+V8X1-NZJXG\
^]7\8#J=]XY_/).X
5-NN!L/VP54


`'];

MZ`ELRHAH2[!.)DN









`@

MXO#@%Q3#1NGVSE[HL/U5W*

M%:$#ADLI#\0ZGCSH/E
_PRFB))O1PE*&[!$VY]UH*-L8\%[WZ'.P/I(_.'[Y

C0<L695?Q+.<P-5N\C(@_P;7LN9H;N$





M?LP*DDW/$-8*?


MFMLDK

[D.L]AYZ`



MF
O'^ZIX*#WG7OC72E;C8ZJX..QQS.MR--Q!

0+Z^Y17VU8'/#MY$7TU^AQB
G1ZF?%+&AT(V6Q4X2JY79QY\'N@[UU
M='W\@%\389VFMD=6/X7Z*
0


MM\;P


Z-F436

M^&&2T=SJ-P1`G#7$QIDY\2C-DF/=15

MQ6D5!=K9


YMIR0T0GV6#\VPH-%`6


AFJL/RAN;I2=H,EG.+;T6`F&'_0:EL.8-REGK-$$7
MRA=3'E;%U(#MD=9^IK`IK=O[,9R0-#1ZDW+\VLHX&JU?';W3GQCI5LD=!7]

M!G(67=C:OXH_US3[%2$-T%T@853I_N2``/2:=;KO/U/6K&TENX^TY2(^:Z6$


MEF2*QW7PLZ)WCJ:%*JK^FU8`=U`=SP+
(N.%8]=:-#FWHJAM(RA_/J:9


MT=&KT\



MU$UOC'2U@K.LCP5I5V^69SXV+8DV/@VJG-9[7M?2J]R?+D.MNP#4=D'H&2
C
M$MRQ#
*V1PD:







X4_A
4Y5`
;$8__
?/Q7QW#%&VD!/]R).69`K_+%[LOHXD
M.^&&=3774I.R_U5L??8+\6Z]A)9

M
CVSNA(RRD89@/]






MW7!'FYM
3E^+27-2*=!^CY!RQXK_E#E3Z8J0P[GC(9V2SATLG?X:?30JAKIE

M^YOY-\
GJC

MDKF$=%1.&

F[#XY#W1@N*4<$,7UQ,L*.-E)IT%,@++Q;=W?K3T6&MR`//
MU7
X7RQNRG%J!1.ZPQTZM$A0]E=<4=S.S7=
M'K8L4(,C'K,;GT.U347TH2)'Z?LPJW=5L@5X<
.R`.#V/+4
*U$+M\-\*
MN





G4XJKHGW5^D'
M$PR5+K@3CSQM-[,Q,H)RA;@<C?W6C\%?9/8)7#7Y5#LH&G80J&HA1[BE_T
MZW`$"$!<E8MT.-VIQB4IG.:\-B:@$

MTGG




M#3P1ENJL8C`?U7@+#JDJ;F;I9(#LVG`^@D9OZFGMKF%2V!O0:DH?M@WML'J(

IUHY3&N+


#()QQP105


^O`GSH&@




M(_I:0B=M*(WN2MYM@4HUJ1!?W)7K`Y_IR7;N^YYI=W@
4%'EP199LP#5(4U%

YWCIX
M8YRU2M2F&4G

M
![



M
6C'V[Y8


P2/B(O.)P(;6








?F``;T;J

1J*Q1
P!A</7-.E







MHUO-3&
@/W!XLY
I!V;+Q`N

9GB4FT

M%/X)T2Q)%H`UQTWFNH\*BE+9J%J\R95/3WR`V\(-^%`T)`Q:9J);%_D+57

M2I:ZF17FR0$P7*54;LS[6CH#8;S4-X@

M*)Z-B9P0\K/2^MQ-]



MA
W3JCCN3

MX-@=[DZ][L$H_YJ[FGH^![
)+N1#AXG`N.Q-=)



M1:J!*)--?5
N#B[4B#`%FV\.K
&BV5`J1=4^2ASO)O

M.Q_@U1*V[7`E#P

P.0TVEDM&3+YDXCQW4*R9'.D&+JBC7'&MM`LQ-
!K;
M

MY

M;$R]71D/5);'?5P*\NN9=8;EL*=8U$2-^B'4%E!Y)B`NQWTAH%#]`]+E*!&*
MJ9AHT@GXT['!


12.XY&\9KSD'I*:Z*U$0K
AH%!8F.JE4^G(J!QK9Y+:8U4XPB\




D:$_6







WK)




D5Z?*4D
MFFC=A\M6N.E\IY#
<CNFSR%A:4A)0*!GFZY`
E

&80A%M%=/A9ZQ^*&L8[WP`
M9D20.2RD$6J%JNPQV_.02.
%BH54-57G9H40(121WR!ELAJQC0&8V@Z$YHU
M!8%+A]IV0N/4&0
V1OR_5?



XDL_K3=U)(()(W7DD
38_\V(?P(UK-(

MW?

M^EM


M9!D^MWOU6EKAVQ?JY??M?3OJ+0=YL43CTX.6F[7D3O8=U]@0/J!MRD]
Y:

C)2K@`F1@GA@GLLLG[1K0Z.:W
I&=_&:9PL1U@F?-A8
MJV56.@4U#4ML[CP#]+Y#W3?V+A'1)




MXH9\XI9

M!B7]

;A@;

4Q$QM%G:N`T*

`0KE6:04(X/`O.8`=WTU#


U/]64@2E22[T:!`U*5I`R@=I[W.*S\@
''`$\IY[6-!3@EY^-ANT[5J&X@Y%Y
M(=Q%F^,G$[UE-HB%4/R$M?P[[1$AT$&;,U@TG4P-U0SSJ==%:ECN!R)S=
0
M
YNK*72W/
6-^/R6@J3
XD;K_FKYV6B7VT





MDYL9]KWL;&@%PULA*!JT)DF/[EE


BM6&3@:.FP`#;
MK\#M*'SF1P\2'.
=6BZ.WQX^V/GT@7?7?+V._[\J'NT\?!P?8F@T\W=)*IN0
MT/.G_V:E1SN4UO5ED?IK9(P_VE!B2P$HGSC79CM[:1F!4D_/%W1(5'HY_(`?




;G`





M[@WSG_[=$1$]NY9A]09CA)C6LXV]`_

MINZSF

J_6AH@U949C

I#3::;Q\I154^.:

MW2X^S?^:V/AS-R#VZ

CUZ%RELN)
MXU(E7T(2!U#L@_Q

MT#@?;I)ADN!(\2?Z+X

MM]+)^C

;G-S`%0.

AQ::V)6



MR

MS'+A#&H-.1E8Z$`O/?:!:O



MW9[@YCLYVJ7WL&


M&^7!V9K0B
]C
3!!P3:9J[6?6#)]DB:WH*?\7CQ^ZFAN/6V
0P^W/5#/+[T
MS_]C[UR7H\JR_/XJ&00=+2)`@Q`RF
K0A)4E:JX!5#5

^UUO^;GH21$
M

MT=

7FP$
MK&VG(@O=@:E]8A;B6Z:CJR\

.?%5T._0!L&7
M=V+I7C+)?86=IN^0L\.0IS





GTC]^?
[NR<,^^?[HY_4^')
M;OK`B[W=/5@CK,(`WI#A=DQ*5\06I


?V.[:T$M4



MO


MJ



[TK[CLLR_T)%




9
QR*=B[4B




M]_2UTGX1
JNZ+S88;1R8HSK*ZT6
9_7CK
F3@C1VEQC#@Q#^ZX
8L``U;Y


%X'S3


B((R7
.N(=7
^YC?C'016D.C

BT-8\%7(.!F'FGD9:3I[8EE+@HI&








MLO%I7%1HED`)O?6E6LHI`L[F#RYN):(K@3RS\7[8V7D]2*X7^WKUD0CQ`WU:


'24H(NMD55?2_G-]P3J4B@:/2\/;]G
M^[E*(_[X?8
&7?L.
]E+L]-

M9C7)AN-O-03L


M^2WJCQ

M=BN^6VLB`T^





MV)+@VCZGXUA&J7\N)'UN':7==



ML.&LM2-E%N4D-

M'14
GIGV;M188A+:H)N*H@BG'+095U22JM[,/E58Z/$]@GE\5(XM^J94F+!
M.DFF'K&;@L])S+98ZF@;DI




M@HPH4(+U'D'V
E$9=O/
M
#VA^G68.@L;[@L826S'4BDSKG09'
GV/NX1T

*%E3I5G^M0T');


MBB-`8GL2`$UC


MJ]/H*=Z:HK!S5+OUHD9KQ5HK9S.!7[\1',R]+R'_ZJF)?@-X0_4CI5^&J$


WB&`EESD/2MNI!:'@G?)9'
M63J[)X6_=LCV;APB#0`'/'0'J%FG(^ED

MCJ=


MRM_:





0MP
M!RG_FDRX&=%=T^RRQNYI=9[)L-P*(K)$Q@^B'ZRO-:,L#E_#%'(MRLFT7PP
MG(NB_^\J*39/\[.I#]7#=:JO(46?#WO636X$U2GF^9CMUP


M^V5

7.@05P73YM;Z5B*VA3ZP))16

GS+'+KB]#_ILMV






MTM]^^&2C8.@BV..VJ0FG2]!BGA3;N/^@1#/J?7SWN)KL^%5AZMB)C/02;6PY

1MZ?2#4RU%_D&02EL@O$51

M+YQ



M)B-VC5V&('9:,G&WT+*QI6UF8WU!;Z`'M?ROF1H8C-)S@X?7\8GIBCP/G1

09


M_($`[Z5Q]\[MW\D_.D
`97:@:'3J&Z46FO'[\\GAQW.\E.+:!Y3\4K$9
Y14
MHA%S418ZW5518Z
:H;G0!Y9$#?``W3H\(*00
C/AP'6
ERI'N]Q[(O#88QM7






?*H
M4U*]T&XT1U$?JS0G=``!3XV&1_(V55KC$3$XJP




UB&554:I5U0LZ&'R2PK=S)]Z4#0B!R[EKW6D6^?:<H.NN%@=X-;ZO+MDTE
M\PR7E;FFKYZ'J0<RQ1-K-.DIM(DE@%*VZ406-N(Z$)JRS8DQO-.[<53E%

E31



?;.
MRKJ4#?UF0J-$T=#1$$'SQ478AO[P+]/7=DOD1&S=OY_$T%R$W[C_#938?]3E







DTU.Y'1
M?P)ZVP!(13+
K#(N7_4.HVP@W;H

N/MDXU')=EKH&\NJ&4DH-'PD<QA/HG(S&TJMU_DF4C:

MJS/;MJ]$S&^\


TS2D7([Y02Y-VN'/&2HCK'-_L.'O85FR@B
MXU(C&Q\V]M?U[R?9Y7U0CVBIQ@R$3ET3C)UJ8`K:0*P.*U6A/B[V)*'T+9




#9T+





M


4:6G(@%Q
G6I0
U6

M(6/EI)T3@WNO.B(]5`\#U;_S$6%(XC?1W()`'I^6+38[I=[+TJU*B]2P7+6D

M^:+^1_DYQU5:=JV/`KNEF


M5]%]G+M/GR_S&0P#ZIMM66WA

M27R!%FH/2(8XLQ


M`GP&54%@Z8.6G2)V)Z+[LR$BY7V/K;^\%'L^/
`:&NQ2W)/Q/JED*Y')'*?S








7(`A7N4_EY



34GIK(JD&^/^C3]?+P+VT\6J=/?7PT
5



HUR0W@@5
MU:%



)K^
(S#!HT]6SSK%NV[B$:.1[=^4P9
M@'XUI5-



M2

CHX@9=4/*V3+2'XP9
M5O/H`%..`I64+_#%$C,I_R;!EA3E&'04U0'_\#P=#A2]*J2;NL

!/L
1^FTX)RETF;TYU.V@'3?Q*6+7JP&^ZXXTGCS?3?X?IYH'A'PA%
MWXRG[J9N?/]P;`K#=_?O(W]^%F\PE@@53K[`!W81\SU^FZ7P_$:]K/].MG^?



MUO\%!]F*)]2T^#]Y%62484\5`JZ'=`3!D$=!%B,6._AG^3A#.E!$!H(I'^


V^YP(+YB$M@:
0I2L
M($.!N432L[C!C?M_TCX$2NE%V30VX]9&G_**9^\#1
_4XW]ORF?-_V74E%J





1M1+V$L6XVGS7&NC*6UC?T
MQ+^X6O[5STK7'G9YQ-K&DQ[.L0:+ZK3-1MLW00?C.\)%<^=/VZM/VC_;2GF
M48VHS;P#0FC
F#7G]#\E(?2A:W
43V$G:^H]V8;MVL9WCWK$Q^
'/=+CX7VZ


M
\
LD7=TPD(+N6Q+WU=,48R-[]K+.&IN&!;EO-+
5J0JH_SW/Z'U7^UDK?

PBXGG7*[Q?1LT*HYY


MCLM$MJ
CLP.Q
-
KYYUWFE5&9EK#6U`-4YEG$QUS69+\?J/)I^:O8`U=U]EC



M`
JV-2R.J2G@=/AIA!_^$&Z`XDG(;[2
66^%TO)3%'FCU\+II&8D%8Z2T)G0

+F%RZ]J&HC*CF#NG78WOMJWT.3NO]QEU8=X2HW5U[K7%]5
ME]P&WC

@R35=PS2Z8H+_L

:8^MS?DP[[_[LCB=E?@6O`KQ9#9[/


MP]=C4T.4/Z


MD%]X

MS(M]%J_476-/R8G



5&30E?$BA&E0N5O'4&GBK
M3Y@@7)+&5H&41[C\%UIW8:'5CX8V^'DP/#N3ALBUKHK(;NP\N:U+=2COO
[%




M;K@JZLKI-^J+953K`HFXZ8PDWPYE#`W92G[FJX]UUD$T;JE-F0FLI`=`








5)*$SZQ+^5


F2]O?&X

1/A)E_&B.'X+WNFNOF.N&WBO`]
9K`7\3]*(MQ$
!)BI]+A7/&H
M%NP@KOE9^RH#VIAF#S+#`A%!D

M]_W3PXX29O-?AHI8FSL&\T7!ZGP



//54F^R-BPB_G&DTWT#M(D\0


1(`:Z5L`8K3B(YLDGG4L'_QJM

MR;B./I=PX@&DX`'5Y_2_0SN6(S3Q^&JL(=ZV+65)^DY49.1P&/Z`^Z]\ZX
M;
90

K

MM#SVEAD-.G3.&[
Z=8[!1]R*`4^RT`M/7)&+2*PB1HQ.RE3'$![C.)T0(@
M\TYZ(YULR.B3&@9Z#5M#Z))S(V*1
MTI(_UV/JB2VRLXKT`[`FE6CNCR!5F`
M^&D%(!0$W]784@_Q`KUF$*/`6Y]J@*(_-.07M2S6MT%T0A
(O

MPU6






M!#B]1

VL9KV?'M[Z^ZC=*-MHVO
MYWFPAI\@KK-FG+,J;N82[KQ4Q'^^`
C,EQ0*)J16UY0B)N]`VN9:M
M,ZU1J=C[JJ7_-




[02%Q79I.)?


#XX6GD*@J#C

M]CS
:WBKQ;&P
MR17T10SX\`NL`LLQL++?$&'Q&I[V83;(OC![).3+=-'B]IK#5T-)LGI\&A
K


:I<MU);X42Z67:G=5^3$L*R<F_VL]0:
M_%M`\A_D\I;T_D%.KUJPYO:GU=@K@[Z<7.&G*5<46B+VJ4TT+5/DN1
([^B

;)[4XV=OG?_G3L:10LT^'+%5C#O[QJYHKJ!/L1




%]#*Y79]\-H,!73%\1=QCPP5D!QA_FF:Z^XB0LNED;



M0E'$6$!:M6B4P86B.\+**SI8N`Q)T*`T*
NS!VH3ST*Z\)K
+.;1H/+*,YR
MQZE9I-=Y0ZOCR:N\J7,R.SYME'S?7IX)Q;KAB_+NR4'6B,Z5+7(=[`J=A5;
M]N$
T%&)LS

M;?
DMUU%%]PKLK-@])]UC14N%%S;`U1Z
RUC$#W(+-XOAIJK8^!NG8D!&!O%





M#8)F8N



M75RIJ*8-1PXL5ZD9M56%&M9+U#I?SDOI-G@AUZ\T/I\A`$;5IF
Y3%7]O(*J
U_;)!`A\6._MW=35=]DQZ&*:C$HX]9I.$Y:T



MUL-$#(!O;:P-S9HGS)B6U19O]+Y-:T
$ZKAM8AH&0.FY0R8:Z/*!;4VBFI



@6#\T
AIG_9SE-V4T
MVS!'(]!&A$R1R#4$IXB]-`6O26!W\
U0H!-'EPMO-)7L
U%%8Z4:*)%%WC-\
)'G


M?MKS





M;/1*KC(

MFUSE%%M(IQ=$?[;(GTT2
?16F'#A/M-4OY*0:HZ`P59H[5K.`0YOQH/:@\(83[C/XSL+







A.UQOKHGBD0ZDK/

MMEQ#$0/NN`X/#5T^:HO



MD_]C^/SW\)M;G[/6R1.;QM#^$DLB\^

\I

MX;


LKM3)YA^
JSV.]H

M#9?PKY:#W^BS&]RP





1H=B_8(M2F0'1MA%W-I1<G

M;Z^RJMMB&L&D$[0%5F6!C[3:_H((/7I



))1*2D*DF14RZFV


MRZ-CDY9C


!Q-_K[$











6VL%
M2


M&4'6



MZ9Q(./K8

M=#$R4S.%:H]


*I$,#?+5[

M733;F2@D[FD]LXA7X+.^2(KN*P*ROT6^AD5&QY5'4/RR




L69

5(RX36H.

!


;*I^'4

$
M6


M!_-%I5_@Q^9**PD%F6L+-R#LADXG&4P3&RJW9&48I5?(KEF+!V%!AE6BG51
M@O@!&P*Z`W:Q+WVP6@[0$PW


];=.)Q6K#U`JI&%U938']%


<$KFPF`RIO$=L
MI1$_QS%Z)+F#$PC#6`PW\H95@SI('*&7/Q
:U7



#
L;$LDSZG-$7(%$&6Y


M=60IP^+&-UF286G
S0



MLE[X8]I#SK2X.J=DE$&EEC`[);[*IEO&^H0LTO=0-INBD/KJ*_14
N+O?.
M^5H7:QDO`

M9%6H_'T2O1=@H][&^_BKVKG#&R
_'Z!?76H01O813%&N.;$-&C@R=D%'14E#
M=V??0_Z2(58B+?[F:=)3-+7S4T-O9D
F9=Q_)8@J4H/82+9%3WI

U23$UL\V%.V69Q9&U2I.LE94L-J1,Q&9BBOQS??W!2P8127]^
M:\ITA`(@JUH=;M


!@)T
M+$Y1F?]M\D.SE0U9=L!\$@;-9SFM


#
$G+TE87:X.$:CH@N$?]V/ZMI.J

MG(2$3R'TCW_6PE7;67C;$SO[;'N9FC;6[V77:K(:T'YB:$S-%;
=?+OW?+89
M993U_(8:

RQLH&ZI0UBUFX0ZJM9^2\#D93B=$?T`P6L944




M\3JQL9-3






%H!-SV^M%#PB#0!A

MAA&729D

=O'WO@


M55;'?0




MT%34M6;I')!1LH)C!?3.=+7

7A`Z
MCZCY04ZT7V
C/RZNHIBF4M/HP.X!#\XV
D9'F]2V=,8$==S:F*T2:X_N#*
MKUI3OV?7M2M*Q\8$C4,*K[?.N





RN:;EL\L:

M#135




R.6(


*MD/NX3`GO[J?#^W8CJ-WD/HG'DUGDA47%*X7B0*
M85.SIV*-G[@NZP*):



5F)WHJ%23<*Z
M5'0NM$`3N1D$QU\#2F-!J0PR/TI3%*C*
'?O1#1E(.M+S;?NW'MT+Q[D
M+K

M@G5]8




/+Q8)(T\4%-;0KB5X3NS7Y,Q*TOH3S
MNM'29.PA]R0C

C5;%4.?A`
M]3QY)4


MG`&W;_&Z=










R`B/0TO)
/
*8RF=&JPM

MQHT0;/()9.J#]*Z?NIL.6.TF[I(M







MR;BT`=W3POA5#REMQ&$B8:@=.&/PZ2%\


MA(P2(B:^J@-/*#]CFDZ:M.II!/!]
Y65M+@\1+IS]_OE^9O+^6F/&-GWTW;I
AQI/AE?5/)A%A7$;D2O[!8)M:Q2C*;KEA_




M%I?NT_:BX^K)^(G9^LMB-0L+/S$7)9KNT






=P)IIL;*);:6+NI[U&JN(]&RN%3CZ12
MD$-A_;`S!Y9IL5^&%J@[*N6ESIZ,I;MW)QX@UX;USZ$T1TTTY_QE[BK.8;0
M!)W%7(ZXGI[YO)0I6VS$!839C!8F)0)I)@WJ2@EQS1H!5BF^N^A8V75KCZ+#





M31?SA]R
R;3)3RI;A4)09PE=Q8U5&Y96



:)_A$6!Q72\8&R8CC@4+:?.2J8]



A6?FI%]$+




MA3H



M_F`U79NNR54\
$&BH@462#Z*.^**FO54%=
`XIJ'FBY^PRJF;IDS@.NG9*
R`*N,DLN[OH;1?^__&GBY1-5?J&=7Q+=

)AA`XT-[P


OK?5-%=]:[NO_R^LYV3SG1QL9N
MMWS%7-8$
82'8*



YLDPO=(^H
M1DQ(D/2
'E3^Y#0-J?56:\7))TQD'QW^











=;93-=E'_K


M'



MW7!7*
MQ_Z5[O'GR;






M`)=XX)TQ



:

MZ+\)8]\+.
#+?T[_

W+A9F!*\-O6Q-9YC
M.H&(ER(LZQ,M):W$[S6'Y7'H#OF/HE?FCMXZ'V
HZMPC



M^5O@VV3NH_&'8^9UB;P


MD0CGG+Z/\OS


8Q&KKG:T0F76HS
M\H$4II!/,O?NO'T([_UX_O-P^[&YNYS

M=0!P8P*]0T-@
U.<N<@C
MBU5PTXDU58K#`B[X+OD#2A`1+&CA?2AW8AE^5RU&@IR;=INZ:Z1&7T`S5

+X^5^GU]2&/1M\_?*



B2QE!!5G
D)[ZAM96R!S23







/K(K.HP8

5QFNX:N.=@5'-?)[@
]4H%*.B_=:Q#$LR7/^]<UGP*X4++\DH)%];
ML1(G9VQ]DB'58HI,;QCD5!J+E2(J5#9W_K_A[]:9(;U/8?P<`2%D3N<TRMA




6FJQ=!P]M5VTT(H
MJ`F8






E4#OK$6*6C;33*\).%D*/(#-$C7G6XN

MGRH^1VG.2JR9-#)KI!LF=3K83R0S
?\WTDH]6!D_$_A458FV5G\;W1PR9)H
M=A2P9D:%)?M'5KBM8E^H!XE.FY3H)+Q,MBAWKIK1BJJ-H1.-6Q*O7^Y[M@+
M\B%YKPAU



M9TI_F(++!]_N)_5&:W*R7V'Q2*+^H&5Z@_-^!GB].3\\QN-'*WMA5M.=0'
MBDHPLJQ.)70NRREQ/N`^ER*E38T0=C3-(;-:9KF/047&@+=12FH;?$T*A[FR



H[R3QV!B'4-
F4W[P



M&1QH]C*M;*DNA-*4U1^&#+L=;%*#!23HW^+YBV;(@+51/

AIQUD7K)R$M7C$-U/\5C7BZDS6.1/C%#T`
M.K69EZ4Z[1'E:4^9EGGL36V
)S\U7P&0OJSNK%TC!G?;CP!)S?&05L]PPUW9
M
%1O#U[N$]US&=#DB$B:&5T'7T*9/GK55$A3U?9/S\D/!8%Q39B\\(_Q$?UO

MRMN*GG4]E/)U()JYK:7-
B9HL-$!SVWO8W






MPNWL?+0ZK/K]N]4W:3LDEWL5ZFD.U6Y_#+I0
&;=5=5W5G9=(.$$TS65MT
MU[B:Z@B@(RKFD&J\2%`L3%_H-/V7ZXA.1).U)3'\:QW8_FJE7%3O`WWRWD:
MYNC


D:F;OY_C@ZMG=7CG




$OX6Y=






MQMT3KU?_0?0*P&G(%MZ&B30[9[-0(I^!FV\\V-BP36\\V-IPPM8?6A\1CL=J
M(56($JDE+Y6@#R9A:




MP\
86`D'A)8MTWH*;]OWVDN%P1AKS@_B&NLK#Q\^*#;4BFE+_
%B8NKY++I\
M-Q*9@L;9

@7
64.7$/_&I.2
M)R4T\4U4Z!HC)%:4T60\!I2Y8J\$4'F9J?2I?6J.;[M_9)07N)!8@6&,!U2
M?4K?W?!-I#WST3&*
F10AZT'IT8
`CY
M-+O#AV?PR0S
6*+!&VJHK='0MP^XY0NZX48QJZ\6YH#V7VW0]F]6C!BEWZ0A




MH`GW8#J$\)J3&WEYWZ=`9=Y^8T+W49!K@R^?_?_]CS]?[)5V!#/R/((%Z`9[



/!'E3(7PL(+C6:I+&7.+Z
MI1KK:M]%
4RB+9\!5:`W#*D'EQY5QPG=261R)N`##!V97+D3HSO^NW;SV+S8

MBV)`R`H5:EQA;6PD8X!K6BT#WS+`BXV;T[R_YCDM4OM;*F6`IX@GE5/`U6E
M`;IS6S6\C#V/RYU

&?=LRL

SYNN+NTN?NHHFVQ




IZ4+*!@_A

MN_.T@6OJ%
]=!


M+&+V1J4N]1W/[`A


MXOF3EZ\'_YV$)&=N'MK;O/KE$4D'2+&?WCS3P%?ZC!)6O5_\/;
DI+`R.$

P6S/MK5F)JBS-&_3^_3VD*;N.Q:ERR6
5
M;P(O#W;5P86UX$2]-,03FIR6JA#GIC1N//]@?J@X0/::"<)I*.7J2S:75Q&
MJY/+3)19F*S%*Z=//2:YIIYC'4;'F=.4H0LZ9%<)AI:7-E@^'2.=KBF+6Y
MLKG]J!!GDX*$M=H#U6H4!:AN;1
0$\N)6A4&G!3['8U+77/W[F&KU2&N
M5JPCRUY#=.&E

*-01BT4$_H511
M'NTEM@]]U;+$C4V[O[#CW\9+:E#B0+V3:;FNYJ%[)ID@!S#PDUG1AMLA[.
MB`I8-@ANVEHWMH+'IKF6S!0UQ[B[_I&GKMIL%R^A3:V@@(D$N!_72`:8C1


2[D^[G

CVE?.




MOK)_^JY/8WR2=(HW+]\\?IU:


&OH+Z&7%X'#LGCN

WUU-\=T&TX3)


`C#/=P=([2`K9QY$G
I;DYIF1K`]SK9%G
M


J


\@CEX%7H
M)]7=[RMQ_N)L^1K*8&X&IR6MYFV?4G1/[3'^4:5]^2L\E3PN\O.
@EQG

!%..[P8E0=6I'#1<@


Y_:)K$UH!C/^0JS/YD8`J%^M1+.XK(Z:N/5$.1N0B/X[556%O00;^_[-'4


MB&NZ
R





)BE'JO9+KD5KK<VPJOM&`*L7TDG8AFH















M_V`5_3DC=Y:L[IJ0RZS;U;3OF%=LE`Y6M\`JWEH2ZX^CCX/7]#H=RZA_-V3@
M



$R3?4L-F5Y7)B;W

M#R0MI8:`[3_9;)]E2W6)QE'EA(^/2

J9&6\A0

T-*D!+9-/;7FO<K0<9'^$:+#/H%
:O7L*@E)
MD7S</)%2EJ(#0Z/Q0`R,L#FJB)42^<N9U-C%EYEE*[


H2*&!I@$9K
M9$3U+81&

[_&/]7B1<
M)HRXV./OZP_U=YIX;799<#]7JTM`;YVY-0G'2))N,*GTN^(WV9H%1.9P;.4





M:F!%\`E




$AM
!RRN


*




1!J9[G[
M9T`=JL1'O!J\(U\Q!8$
Z%7P-OD-7=F%ZX/Y!5CW'M^3J9]?^OF+
5@?F6

1%^X8:A?1<P


2K==4F;8V[LWU67#D1KIKEF%MEJ.
MB:7DE/UEM0:(;*+



8!Z\
OHD

MQO
TGCA\/2MRI;4?XL
N51*/A[U88_7V@T_5(I.6Y$1=^Q9[:_TB&HY522
U





]
M&NSHO-;
0M-LWZEM\W@X7HGU`%-3

M%2L-89\Q+9VD#3Y=SB5

MZ*^L31&
Z%5;9WX*^VB_$0^U?]82[=\0WQ5OG


;1._C5:..4#KNI=__'SG.$&]U%'^43OG!2&
MUPB

:[B.`B..?IN
M8W






WGY8H$6
T.P5LN7
C1S#'8UX


DQ
MA_;=!Q*DUPMY6`Q7-K`4ZQAB_PT\






M)_3+8)0DT'@E-%
9/T0M&*UN8\*&^25KRNGNG?A79&
ZU:T_3I-Q8=`(C[TF

KU15H:S@0/\Q]Q](



MC)+W5I:L[!!$X3&RU)JO$5(]7$S4^Q7V9OGJ62ZA!!DH*(\RQ&`7F1W!+7






L411W1C6;ZI?M)

0A=







*?@#B


'\]L+Z860'%VY`F^ZY+OZM



M-*QV+=Q^7CAENLG=-RK4#1M@N!PUYI-6)&FSZ'Y:XU!)Z%3P

MUHV:/4O*J*A)E)HE!P[@BS




MG`;A!XO7S(U_)


])FPDR5^

MJI_9*YX:W!CS_7V\#8`@&*%INHPD%=JH:\RL9P^[VV7UJ_HB0]-#I]107YQ*




B5^5!F#IN8AN


(3<C`P+:0.)FDQ!.E!_M@S.QR9&@?C8



M8M3!3KQ:A_=3\EMRJ];EB2


95AACCX&TQ*#6XN/3!QN

['YGH







H0M]TX






D1+<=F_#S(2M8-_\V1V7T:G;<*!TZRR0!)HR6
MD=;Q0E;*GX@G+&;?9'=0SWAW&;+X-#-68^2RC2D2-1KKQZM2EP+[QZF37H]W



MOWDZ]()=.T.QDJVP]J

M
*%M$L^(EMVRR:R)

7KC0Y)9+[958

M[IG1UOVM^W?Y8Z32/DNMVI\VK4N;^B&F$[AA+2BBWX^KA;IN]X72+PDS;4


CYV?B'WD/4&IMS'*/


Q

F0

)9SVQ6
MG.LAQFZZ\#V/GF^[]BZ&
TX(1P)E@G:Y!P]51IGTLGE*4U-T(C7D.PK;V


















M`8$[D@HIT2;M+L^0J%N`KZ(A2\G4=L+!,B76CTAX`4#IV,NJ@.N2.4W6F0E
MDBR1-L`?B!/4%%1YL;I[\NXN,]]%SA***G3($D96LO*`0D0B85;ENGQD%^(

2
D7J0?Q+`43V2)S















1
:]?
/O?/)#O2^LV;+CH5D`@D'ZI?16



MD5#RDIU+7WQC6?XZN3!&KM?Z9HZXXJ.M:;M:SI-]C.KP@'1S3AL_G-!W2`5E
















MV!`)(035@B=%^;X!H#
*)JB

M:
N_3?9.5?`:&@636`
3A9_4D[1T&VYZ.*9ZW6PD`7='QR8L8755Y\0!BU]$
M@#UHRRWN2:EG.OEK


E1V(C7@=7&5I?(38D\/H-&_`+S!A5?.SX9Y7J

#@;UV<+F2+9WX;ND*12B*]N
M!S5









ME


MR0=7WBJL'7D[\*)*
SU`Z/_JC.

MN0*-M&&




SMAKRNA8I`-CP[3$S=XAO;X6)#ZRCH:\EQ.<'U
P_5/00Y`
%:


$U=Z


\6.XB'U^$[UCJ@^R#5_Z5K8M3
MO+
_69
35%2Z65%S$Z^SVEPV96I\5#-<P?`@F.U&\




M]N;F=L-Z17CPIJ9A7G*?V\[+'%R'J^
X:HY8V]EZ

B^TGNA0FYV#-7JON*X:



+[!
1F_Q8%UTGGWJ

F!&








H8@C166!CT20@LY#@$6L_O$


M;3S:'#=CWWCXY;W'W4JFV4GH8:



!WN
NOK


M#VC75H5)G.]_XGPKZO0_LA\D\
17L

M(I$-




MXTHZK'H1['796B;$$A13!)A1!+$E





+-=$GRN@&R]VO=[X07XG(S0!Q^/JE\OG2E_P1%C:SU9:.C=Z9O
M)=#X=((H'^E^BOV3HQ`V-[L/98?.
V7`+ZI:\S*:-.6T*F[U;DR'`APU+
_J



`'8OB%)Y+
M)?`14;Y8G9:5/IHD*H4]EY\9V?-G*]*4X5PV]#)!OV(%LO[T'P8!$N<!/LD
MM:J?\1Z-JI#8_38`?]J[@BR1AJFL)[


?;!P*%XL=P9_
M@8A1$*'N\@H
3J&G\*;M+90QQH7PN
K5'0)N'4GA4I!95MRFH$=S?/()]TEC


=EOG`N`#+8D[JG'M)X2*7^HQU-K_M-


$8#WOZ-FHRW`[7AT#T7_2I2





M&873B=S
M]2C__Y\+AO




)-V6\!
MCW!61MZK]/JP
C+)(C?6



^A$]ER%
*^


MR1IJV(49U^


@F1E/K*&()*?1Q<P;1)
MB^L[\/2UK'EI^K`I7LQQ=^D0]



MB#BL]CVQ#_V*@G`F%3=PFCDVZP@?3\?T(NT0[^6I#`!66V359VBK!)M5)THV



R(-APY/I-F



6!@M27

C6$2H'^:MSJ+FE95`E$T@K=6=


M0*I65C





K(%7R
MGVROE$KR^SO
&K0(G_V
BXAH:1RPW:B(N&`



]1YZ]FN`7




MI6-F:R@N1I5)/_U+&UF;/H][,=\.*;^2?GD7A#;$TJ.;D!-];
)3A309SL




MJ^O)8MGR)-Q&



MT'Q)0*?0-Q+L);EX(:6(+


MZN2Z2/9_N#=77_HD?DKBQA17$$LQA4([@)3(R8.8LDIH-9G$VKOJI(X\GG.!
MWF[ILF-1;8AH07Y16S)N=M)7!6.:!H!\PZ6$@#K#196`82/%LTY$4$IIUN

:JH;IB0S0H'BDJ\
M



=/)



XR.$YNUA*K92-2AMW&.CM^






MLZH`];%2EU8E7]H@6Z!)SQ5
GZ
`6_](H(1U+&8FCS!87EQ97UK=V'1.!T:%

AB

<@1`S5#?C-J2I-=[,5=,7-0A[H#M3\!U;Z)]^=WUS
M!V9%-BWD

M-V59

M`?W

(*DJ$EW\92GN//X@_\52S1!:E?+_('H)LDDL7M66*



O@I7G
MT(I'85!OW`QWPSPE$/C]]ZYK)+I#V(C;!]U0B64:HA-SWH)9.

MZ!@2%2\F1C_






AVF

:_CL\N%Y!/OOZ5Z*+O&6N*]P:B7B'\KVE98\[GY


X44Q@::^D7-BP=QHM^!<-N!9QTOSL[8P`!SAKY-[?$$ZX

M:(






M54&YEY0U+FZ4:LQ'Z]D$
8]+-K-%X[&\DZU.J\#F];L9LHRDU
(_C!I+H1F*

.(=THBK$AE6^H46J7@7`ZHO$/T+JEE^;:A
ME600D[+!]7KD-;W\/]0+?I1N9(9NT.(_6O`]U?;A8]
G+X*J[7F`)QK44Q5B








UA+'[Z*7]ZTWDW




M#.4


@04LY

MJV\XT`N5;BI-SU2%7X
H

\&
T8;@\55:SV\3&
&WC7K%Q4EV:KDWZ'@?\0@@_0B+$PI3

M`U
I=OD#:H2B_YU3H@(52BA/2;6Z7#0M@\Q/]WS^)L\&+P57;]9=%YZ+[#]3
M`#SZVCZ(F@[)PZ





ZV$4\IA/Q^&N
R&#C)/\Z?9\0)7H9D
/E-_2#*





L_W7PV.OMT9
M_&5GZ]5@ARD:_I]9

P'E^5(N'@I()N7N]LEP


MZ6



-YJ?;_:\8:[
&^#:L

-_K']D]&:M&V</#]HTA-^%:C_6AA







M.X-EM
2*DPY7UBH_`(B
+56S03D2*I$S!!P-#:LA.(=CK
_Z^Y$ZQ%?`6(7N



1ZH^MT19EICR]B4



6L65U8P3-;H_O*

\#XWYIO%A(_BMM(*#


FL
M.?$:BG`]`ORYQXE$0D\H^





$)`%H+4
M

M@U10+@R/NBIO7D:P


IHH4N)#






&
MKUI(=)
`_4EWB9M#)%A75M[@


6[1S.KSCPBFK8PF'J%_6?H?

M4&^274W\ZI
Y+TH$--F.BK*'P1-!.L6-9-NS?*H-$W2!*E==O'%)1QKT6\
MO;Q$*6$0*:?63477I=4-DDO_YND1)WA/

K)7
MO4FSL?R@2U\+XD()'!;\E]%32Q;5HP!^C

M+KH'64FBJ44=6

`(5CYA[(C/8IF0A6%B#.`]6HOP*`M;10$^-4OA68UQ?TM^!
M;8
`TG475.KIF


MWG3]&SJ






M&)7]]X&OB0FS@55VQ#:INGQBPP;


=XD'56W!Y


MQQ/QQ(V%
0R6-;MB!\[(;]D4;!ZREP@NG3W
8E\K]SPTS;'B
Z^M_:UP^M,Z]/)'@9GWP.ZW`H[:5E^=Y'[5+
M[&N?9D%.PM`@=-WO9S2#H0QC_/R!MZ7+IF;.'?2_&;R&9]PWY)9=.72\DP:P
M!2\LKQ3R^QWN!K6ZW`4RQ0#RN?A=J117J-#5,#74VX$V,O3O`D],QVGHST
M`2^0%:$;3'\!?H6/C:O,U^S7C!&\@1$(QQ*YWO/!RY1LP*!O)^K7?$7UUUG+
M@$2A#&]B/<_[NT5]K%D0TQU)%X(-B1!'%
Q2A)`.%D$7W72$JH_JZ:Z'6.
MT!,:A+R=JEI]!;N2$

7$S3_RY@C(3F*R-W(Z?$A@S_2D.RV')_

``2VI'0!3RHL!Z0BE9M;@!^A+_!P&`UE0N][3






&)NI]Y%U5UPSD*$DKDXU3
MVJ#
\8V:_

MK=EV41*0+4GFANTP'
RR+
E+;T*;M+:VF`






8.'M2@CG2.+7


M4IE(*Z49?/+)WS=.3&++;\NK\`ZS3,DX\QYOL%?SC&?3(IU^Y61ES+DGOO5
M$5KWCMUII:&IVNVQBS





LJZ

:;JRV6L.RZZC5F9.*X
M@.Z)A95CY/

MJ(9QWT?%9HNMN1LW]B=S'RYP+F#1'_
9TND#L
4ULSN5@\E#5&*3WT[.+!6'


MD!)O0FB
PI]R-E2\[7'X;L(Z^EL_XL-\WC

8HIYDQA6494$`57(M[


M\IV!SR[-UT&BQ?]E[VR7XDB2-7TK:6V
#;)%K-!7M_8?`M2M&4EP0)JQL;:U
ML0(*B6D$;!5(K;&^FV-[(^?*]GG=(R(C(S*SJI!Z?IR='V=.B\KX\O#P\'!_

MD#HYO$ZFQ@1.*ZFI]J[S
--QT=J^6$GS#X'Y))UM9T%UXG&:,`.&D.210J7
M!\2AZO3U&Q)0I/=@OPRHT_+E/R[NA[;&ROQ&GOUPEN_#@QTJ(OQ(@$I3'4+
/(C



.
79B
@MGT;9
M/&I+OS7/;\\O!./VYU?(/6$O@[+-PP?]_-#V]5K(X\OIS-7SQ!QE1X\6]0-*
='5V<WF.RKEV20Z&7#MRA@
M)M-A*:S6BI60'TDB(WNDE*T&3EV\-58A_.,APH<;Z+=F2<(_7#BIY2B_M7!

E'CP8O9<!AFPV%#$P<$@Y&:DM












M3&


M?Y\*5)EJBU*S\QG&`0F6%AFIY80(*7UF^!PL^=3/EI:2*B5@HWXF]@(?K'

/4?K*BG


_#OAV(`ZM1A^_BDW7M

M-Z8'^%R`U

\N=&YM-FS9S%=4`\#VRIR]K21.^P(.VLV@I5_F)*H!$@'YCB0
MXJO$YR5F\!.+(=C)G=5$K^`#+:V_N!^7D?.&RVADX9-O5XR$M.:GJ7PRG-
MH#Q4%763]$E]RL5%;+?V^9@4`(E



MREY/;S[@*7]I5[+N63-@&
EM,@UF-LU-YA+&#<WYU&/YA
M%LE^-4?F$?O.CPTJ1-C7






MX)TQMTF.J_UB'H$^32/K)K5P@$B$N@@6?RE]GCC@'F1PH3VAI7I&XA^=U.

MSA*`+3X)O!823JIVIF8178-ONU$4443G[(\AX?DH2VJT8ZITQ91=%WG'%X[L


MW`;JT#R!!K;`MS[:B&=VB&4[GA##B*D/6'

M)(
4F
P$+5%+RGKE3QHAL=-+3O-O4UJUKD



UM:0L8-99<=(_#SHNXQ$+#G









8`%1T[?-4'!GL%A6'



C!VF'A\73


X3%$+US7R#W74=#`NDDLQ$.G\(JG:JD$R<O+
M9NO9LRVK0G)

&D78'*!S&`@R04]*7:N+JZX
J](`DU\+*)*61)X
=_<XS3(:TZ.]7XV'8PWN=.-MAI0J<AQR

M'*@:2DQ


-5DB[?'IGI




1RF]M


MXRPG:]E@9&6V_H3KUC;9\]-ATIG!=/$+46UU.?!&F
V^P-A*!SY?WZJ
:'\A


[L0F1




ML%76[K%F4HVXP1:/_?






GS=$3;:&W^:9418*M1(
N&-F?6(



?YV3?_&

M
;:.!6%YQ;;OJXXY]+N+U*G+[+
&C)JF)F!9S39$DF
M13!/Q/!&8*K;NPN8GJ])YOVZCR[Q=L8LHO$?EJZI-7%N`?FDGR`(K`98/K


M*DE'W+DS-O(40.M3&84$UAZD4-@?6M[Z4$E-/=;;)





M^61:PQ_25!Z@!S
5`ATPO'GQ@4'(37C1&;T[K&3AH1*XZ28Q:9FG8W`QX?I2

/-`O-9I+5@V
E!HSMW/5(6#:R


MRL%.MPXP8M;1\KF@+3VY86[4K=(=#U7
M]S!2TJ+;L!V1YZ).V
!PX;3^!OPTP:B*9TCE#3JZ`;LJ?!JXZ#\V`:4MBP17


YETV]
M^^&A\(O)$SI&QKT8X0'

MT2RY;-7]X=&[YD#_]Z[9/7I7TKR'8-N\/D^5R5]PIG3XRX9.W-/)S42Z@&S2


M6$+YBY0#X5$Y52WH?EH1*@O'7(DAJA*#O1]^&9/G+UI
HX0.+W?ANOU
W9P?



M#C]SN+.G;]ED!_DP0\OHQPQ97'C0Q*NX\#QHO(HIL!\?6H*`!Y5&GOVX-=`2









M90M;?MZMHZ/UU.[0L6R7H-CP5%N`Z2DO=$9O9B0N[2%!)8=U%/EN13AW3&




##QICP@LM@

M(D0C5D1C

M:3'XUE-)(8



MU






MT:?3N^]UN!QL&=A.H#BT0[KGV9
6=0GA]N]PC
M0T`E/R20K4SZXX<4H<=QT-I8Q82C_&EZ7[5ZRSR_9/6O`)Z/-B1\
;@;TJ&

9<L)$'!)R&L1'V)HR5C`/8<_P[^?SM7YS






=EA

E*'!



ML
8:;7

M

M`=WQOYHQT+MM2SHU5!%AU7[*5?KD=:1.NW/.A+&5J9+I/0`(H^_`9C;JFCL(

B*QY4-)63?'_UN^XQ38]G55AZB=]M@G_LJJ`4ULLWJSQ_=
MV6*IU+J_`1!9U8GXQ$=:\FH.77J5C7(+[MK/1K!AF1H0-&SI#V7_`1S?7ACS







2DLF+QV.?DX#D]?GFIK$\X*H6S?GA






M'S[N_?#.\UZ6
-O)JL_C

[_9`
O/






MQAH.61MMTA_/Y:^7(#;**?3RS`HYJ-LB?_/

M[#7ES+8OR1]V86]6.6&XATXP%6/2KCZ4(3+_#FVL_&;)!_)EM#6U]H!D2.\U



M0HV]A3;.U;H;-QP^]V+FU8SS8#HT)4&BS.
+-&OV28_!]6`)%BH2*ZOLXOK(
M]&JKM+8NC-0]!U*Y(YDU]A1@.%1

N]H



W]-D
_OO&P.^[*''U#GK2R29;51V)*F[SD1
8R


MX]MR+;MI^A=Q
IIDN)
@8WI%
M3$S:QH%.=ZBS[O#E2NP/X@


MR[

FS3[K!4.]L


IF(!6@ZTB7^]2K2Q-;?)4O6(5.P


%TJF%TB
U
YV$G9E`JR
M-FKQ!P&'L_@<9`F-W+,M5FZ?CU+Q9:_AKU-*HZ[+<N]Z3M-Z2#I6(%\REXT
M_OE!_[O&9#/NZ--_`&\62\I9A')I=1G+@?



M=39NK+KHMONZMZD_0HBE%

M.4Q0M5G3K$99
BQC^08OSG]%P+&9

?1?@5A










#QCE9:
MWMW

5W(
6VUJ8U/DQ


M0OZV04BXEG&<23$S/=N]90N+-<5?@D5*]3S/OLZHW^2OLUZ^]<-4OJW.6@
ML.R%RK@T1-^\J7L$#$;R*A2;UOA1\3G9=N??450_BP.0&IB90X:0XBVZ\#D



E$-EO45:D94_EYJK]O@FIAR<6/HX:<.GZ1[2U4SFFKM/LN6#I?/D

M6V*GC
#HM1HPE6RGXEF:4

MN!4L25ST:AC
+S'(&OT2P3C\AYQY)S0MEGB-9['07&\VK;,+UY(/95OT[V1
MMY=E,2Y1Q@$7%2GTW+?[\(KP=O#Q?K:%Z`R*\QDCLN2=ME.EKA;'VC(PH\
M5L^V+Q@;3GZ1J^)WX),WZ.]@0!S#:IXK




F15


5:Y31P1
Z1*LF<0)\6'DJ]BX_

+3X`*W7[GOFX^5P5.R?+`
M8)A;+VPW**9M-[U3@C[[E*7RYU-!WY2A][]8_M6U5V(!`3$^SE]/.DNK3*







G^[[5RO4A:$H
V58P_Q#

M6X]K


M@P=/FI?(`2&61!2TXP?A#^6W:X^RNG./-W]X\@=$\R7EH:SDW]RJU:IYV:[S

@&(GL!NQ]NL$E1*P`@Z*+5?]E_#9?@C[(7!FV




H5)S+$+Y!%
.1=W4
K[$`I7*

M;2
*T&B
@




M4_4L3088(&\RS+2SLC%J[=G@/H(F]C3X3+%.'GF$Y&R[%&537IJ6
*7]H7?0
M)
)#K932]OFBIY$IR$IG9AY4)5F

W````



+HUY\G_WSV

ME[&Y1+\0.*PS5VXK-
_N87[=G
5&\S29-.[/LS7V&3GD\96-IJ-



M#1D0MAS.\;4!F1D%TRO60T?&*UM4QK!8Z!`'R0:X8#Y1YD(R%-D``T1IB85J




MD/[X
IZJ400C`'`QF5Q.!M/A&/X?9VC[$QS.NFZMBIX
BJ($CJ\:]`Q/2
MET8*=%\=QRIX
BJ($CJ\8%KD&K7CBW*D+@R*H(@2.KQI6Z0:OF0?'L8H0

M&%^
^Q?CR?`\V;`9FGKC+X/#1EQ=/O=)OP0:&;?JA2

M/N(1L:EC2Q

ZIX
J87(8'
MN)+BV
SV66_G_3:J?.4#XB`G_8TR#0
2*?RD-.
*H\INI:05^$V+@=LI^X

TLDK1I!@4=4RJ,XDV3%'UC9EL'DEN8A+\
$






$B2Y@




'0ED1B#*XTL

MX$HAD25&EB6RA]NF21













T\OFR(77:NZH$Y#V






MIQH

M^AY0L/AR*B1)E=`S9__T,!7/2:1*?1-
$!`YS.';?K



';6KS0

\/-J%R=/)VN./M/-C(^


M/ZKL!

069&;Z5RML%;S)\YA`;]P!M2EL7
M61G9;7(&#






BX&8WM$B!7+D3E
\]%RJ53IEM5ZE<D2*4,%OQ`J
M-EA:#4*ND89-(G/!G\_4!_$9R:YLK(Q$:T4U[AIBE+%R\ODXKZH*D01WS:



T-SZ96C5./3_OX
M=`B$_L'JY--FH)55=KFE%H$:`(=,3T\!U!5P\;234M)AJE7V5'VVA8<G0;:




M1%E=



TO/\-B$J1#0-')\/PHLKJ

MX89@L$A#A%&Q=.:0&`9QC#]YNRV+%BYTCWQ4LJ*X]$\J_INKY?
JK_MCWB-O


2YX;6SL64]OVS84OP_8



WP%
$H9UKKUUM7
M=G+Z!L#4


MJUEW\084
AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]



AW@K3EF9;@.<8UW5T#Q



Q*A!\2YICQ
M.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3

9&R;
UM`?H6G'X#0[TJ

(48SVN2J#[W$W0_0[

#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=
MV684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=
MF5O-B&:*HL


7*DB):#QL
^NQXBM4*W%J:[!MP.XN3BNSJ


'$B'5#I:A#0TSE88`BS4G

M(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?


M



H-2;ATV#4UF_US$O#U8






5EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X+V`20A
EJ1J@6Z5-






MS)A






NUFJ7_VLUS\_BRS

MZK70S_


M_9BA9^LT[)/]$.J`9S69?Q:R_5V.JSEOF0;;DJV'W_=0CW+H#SGY^HROF%H
MHB863$QG:D1G1$QB,$G




$K(.=D

M$G()A8120C4`95W/Q]=UP^^/ZY/RUTO;R7PB3N*NV]!@7;=PL6OGG%].SYH_



















%XCK$@)@0
MV)#',@2XD(\B`]900)((D@
22!I)`
DD
*2`FIAJ)6Q@\ZKLT7-WF0$1=C




L?4!:2$5$-1JZ?IF0Y.4;!?:7NJXO))]NTG;:I_
M=6


N0<O702/=KDH9+S[0H!;36/=V=KZ_
M:\E8]W8FWPF:HGL+64!TB`$Q(1;$ACB0)
M%)VTI?-&&SN4EQA5#44MD%\T:Z=CS=J9?/^G2PWW-GVSMO]*^P(9'6)`3(@%
ML2$.9`EQ(1[$[Z3;3MM&F-P!K3`L@(20!)#$D@*R2`YI(4D&HH:H6(IBV.
[]/IO
M37\C/MZUPB0!)(1$D!B20%)(!LDA!:2$5$-1Z^47;=KI6)L6]W/H4L-Z:<?M
M98&,#C$@)L2V!`'LH2X$`_B=[*OE]G%2(7(EQI@HA`206)(`DDA&22'%)`2
M4@U%K9!?]&FG(WW:^4R^'=2E]O5P`UE`=(@!



MO2O]A_\!``#__P



MU



]0K'IRRJ03O&L/
M)]TC5QZ\8)RW4
`C)`CUF%*Y\+X`K;-@J

M-7HBDTZA6!]YL6

MFBOK+%0!XA5#L1/KI2B5W52::$I5
CFZ4FA09M)I4I@XJ;YBKLRS1`4(B:EC


'FI!&]6/3`Y(#B+YU
D
AN7
;IB?F.L




M\!P^OHUR[I1?&!G$N'$D#

M`P!02P

CJ



L'+_NSM1UV!
M;ZUSI*?\6LKO_/:)LO-%0KD3]4K!2X@$OYV*J1X`Z?F+_GMC1WG9N%'J)8L@


MM$
0=/D`(C9BWR-4=H'(P`8T&FSZH
IJ!UU
0\XA$\1^CHCB@95%`M)@D-`I




M-Q

62L+2T-C%-X^)0<]F\._Q1EXUWSH42GV(



M965T





M\)^GK_?G[Z?#PU


Z/OYX/;Q=


M/;\=H-Q@5+;@\_'X:T[]ZU


MA]/QYPW

0_^)8^6'`B?(?K;IWZ]7GZX_PVJ

O=<&=JEU3<KV\VTYG4&)A.C?$
MYE$G=K89;<(D42D;2*@+CXT+YY'0YLP25S<!I((J(MOFA?/H^Z56YLP:55L

_:8)`IB`TD$U$5WZJ)V
MWN;1T`U

M2BFO0FO


'9[F\DCK$HY39

(MRMY'4H%(J(59/(U

9QDCE8`Y6]X
MU.=A5P/K$67AO8(!S=@:A'=$Y?Q%N]:5*7I][O0(63UW'.

M!9JNEG$]TC)8/Y0U7V]TD20C6D&&7Z

#6O'^=-8S!-1[IU

`G&68C


5AAE205XW!Q)
M





A;2PO_-])HC)E8F\P:S9B9&.FR-)1K2-FE7R-`

V[`?6;Y1UCQ?
M1Q=)
J(JLJX05JRA
]V2-I`P\H2QZZ-UU2_<(
M;J047&:;W4(\+2WS*$T)SIT,SX99*M6.)@];K_&K+DBHXLD&=$UJK!6NH04
M#5;.VK'619*



0.7
M**N^@EJ#:1JTW@QP24$WWGM*V.T]]OZ-LF1%\NG4
P29HRN2D7B=JP
2
U@Y

W+8M6YC66DTZ!IJ^76?AZ;I@3G39NZ0XVZ

M=(KJHDK3H/

C:29(ZN3)NJ`[(P\D80DQ382*(S



M9MB\:TS3L/-'\Y?WGHWG+KSO



AYRC+*D`[XKG2)(Y


AZ2C+*'`19*
:`5MUNZ0F8$[
ME%7=:













M!D9`8.I)RRT3-59=@0S!P1
:PRS90T9FN1!TMEXE<]!J


M;_9!$V

MM$OPE678$
@0(2
CH#!UE85V



MD6UK=M(]?!O=3&A094
@0X1
K0)(4_]9:)G`+UMF0R!#A(R


M+#)+=J2Q#


D1(5ZITG#66-G6D18;)QC62X4*IDR$C

MBCE[#8-3RUM.J&%P2O&:5)/^U6E&P[V*[^F!%^Y0C8$%1(A4Z&`PM3,%AHE
M^,HR;`ADB)64;K1&M.6NM4BHZ:FMNP#/%CU=X$J8[ET&:F;
IQ5I36M)1(!



M*V!UM8%NYY[PRCXXKA7C&Z[)
D3(U$KSV*\N1&EHF2`NR[`AL$R$C(R`R]3J

X]

LL4Z\`U-08%]HF$
PR;`BJ(4)&1F9GJQK(5ET-3TAJH@ML
M8TXW;.

K;3


M4!`;`HM$R

MTU?&AD&)G*!-2E%KG0(
%3KHP-@0P1
C(ZE*?7&B0XG+X%!E68$B'O7^


M#74L`X^4=YLRR\C([&O)0#:&!F':?



ML2Y859RFK'(X5EE&1AO'/376J6K4K&+07N





@0(2
C8#`UVZEJ


M+6E@YL2ZNA#PV)T#WG:D.*I%=15$8;@.ZH(V2#-LNX]PL-.)EN0S*Z\U:80F



M9=!W2FY\\M_C%W;[HZ/'K[0AX#;$24;@P-B+A'XYRB%8'%BKGU4$_NZ\(SD5



FXG2L.!06MH

FU&!'MJ#6()L:0N\XO1R=[S9*DN5N#2C#*@2A
MOQHD9_ZNG0IRU%(8(Z3]
*!!(=JDV?0SQGRFF#H5Y:BE.
90*VJ0;9.LEHL;
M.HF`G+T;`0VRJ;
9=7__Y*BUVV4$#&CP)]Y$4WNR=_S!D%N3T_22:MC27
:D
M1XVBZW4X_;QS#;!


P.C2%CZHG#(8):-7:XDS^
M*KHS;;A7D1

=$_R+Y1
M=I.JX]K_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`LS
6]`0?ETI7


Z^#+R^__O)\



M*NMRUX2@;J@-I3XOAHLA:'IYWA;@@0K[H
IWJ^5+66T(8OSVV`_BWR:^W\

M6U[L#PU
=ZRZ;
HCC`2_!Z=Y0XGOUHG]=BVQQ6P7@:QK/1F$5Q
'C+ZT84
L+SL2%GIB,\/S?D4$]2.[EIUF0OSU5Y'<*@6FH+YE:
M?VP)VLRLFCAU\PSIME'2KTJ\[00S6`/]_A+%X_AY^!TR9V.$UEH(%GXGQ'R)
MQ$JH[%%Z4PPX!@(#Z8`A.--Y!GSB$=*W/=H%OG6KK6(ZP^22*Q$YX\%?0C&
M$U\KMR*VC[#`Z8,B*ZT(]/%\AFS'/D_B;M)4*ZQ9SY@TJ:^.6LM-&E7H9J2
M!(
4`XZ!P$`ZP+

M`X&!=(!G/2ST.]:K5F+]W#=OK86T]2Q$TYS8ULYX##@&`@/I`
]XV&ON&*]:
MB?$+9+P6



%




3F=I*O$#XDJA?J0

M*JIZS[MDT+46\AB]M:R94Y&9Y



RRI);Z\-(=3OOQ#N3;I6#1K'KT
-*.%$B


MV+614;5^5]U!8I+P:U4@9L.0]CTMXA0)BJ2'?`?]
[QUL+_ZN.$@/=QC]#ZY



MYJS]\P!7HCE\KQ^%(+PKR\;^HP:XVDO6E_\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

YX;6R4
M56UOFS`0_CYI_\'R]P(.)112-6JZE9IDZ9I+Y\=

$J8&0[3?OO=[8)X25;
MNGP(V/?XN;OG?


M+


M##R$`P\VFS#HLC%6D!ZC7C8D'OERH





MN*Z]TA

;N5=J6J




ASYSZ


M%$:_X&5U]P+K2B^Q$R



(N




!_M

C
LV\=@QSKLRC/NEOIH\/^`5]8NY#&=2$0GXR4RE8
M8D`BM#;RE

M`/__`P!02P

MLV++L5#;
B2EZ?Y^E.0XLKRU[4


.TV!843J+)[G)1;=!^MLRA&

MB)`/5


M'P.RZN
:
LLP2KYX





MLPPC=:N1NLO+KJP358MAS
QP&-`U1^H:

M);
M8P7J\OM_5R)S-SHOL#LC%]1U2)S&I3WBJC&S+6-%ZN)[09&Y%QU%3KX]
M;%[=N*LB]U[I$;8B$Z
M1I%9OF9E-80?24KJ6G@Y.[5Z8^XV@]4L_;U:^GIM

3`W+GAM;(Q748^B2!!^O^3^`^%]





[$XM#ROWBUALP\CUUTLKT(]
7C3Y[.B3NOQ19_N_

ME0
2_'6*S

MO6\2MDTFL
TV'WKA4R2B^'$7'W=DF7Q-FF2]K-7%@?$`3%TE9MC$`CH;K,(
MI$Q-\HO)VAH(:XB^KL,XGW]5U`E;8LV6`1#?2WB%=MQQ63:E_BPDWX[0))L
MI]N&B?)MS


M(.H[H)I81!B2`














M#Z__/31Z?O9X_Z[SY6G_?/?G-WW=_P3ENWO7]N$?:/[QX?YY_[+__'JAS5U&

96C[L?KYD_CY[







'(@K$%DPBDQS&U8.8V^=?C



M[5\J.K]4=#V*H&(



QA[NDI%BY*N1WM?**JGG1VBLR+6U\HAO3TM8G
T7F`F7@$97*1C3TBH5T\&.3A&-3Q%-3A%-
M3Q'-?*(KT[G

E6^
%/E2S-5WCAC




M%-'


MHT]'DNA-BB3#25UZ`IN[Z



M9CPS[R0TF3VRK21)1U5)O%*59WQ)


Z]J3\
38G
IF-W'[J`HE(*@!


MJ?HU?=OPP(*A!2
+QA9
+)A:

2Z!^-6Z

M8
?H\&G3
Y2NS$VSVTB4GNZ:!74+&A8T+6A9T+:@8T'7@IX%?0L&$8@ZDZ!P


MY%AL#\\CM^86S&VL2D]2#:0.T@!I@K1`VB`=DY(#Z0/,@`9@HQ`QB`3DG(




@(9


M0(8@(Y`QR`1DC(#F8,L0)8@*Y`UR`9DZ*IMA9JJH%HJX[54-%8':NAHK4Z

MT@)I@W1`NB`]D#[(`&0(




MR`AD##(!F8+


M^PEL2(NUGX*)FL_`15MUGX*AJM_014.:OS_42X
.I8/Q$MG#+]!-ZUL\NK
M:H$E=9`&2!.D!=(&Z8!T07H@?9`!R!!D!#(&F8!

W^=
O



([4#R=7Q;M
N-:B!UD`9($Z0%T@;I@'1!


L0)8@JYA$1U2]\8T`





`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

2YX;6R

-__WE^6H:!D%E]

.KE
TZCD5^954F(MZP&E;.O*TR

M12



M
RLN5PERSW!+SDN(!'^#JL`S`*EG;^K_O3C)ZS9
Y]%LD:1D

]MH(3GEO1%R+



MO39:*26?EI&OD[.\B!9]\EHU9SF=1$-J#D\XXQ;/3D1$1_SF;H2]-K**XP/4



3[-K/M@NAR&W89:W&5_U%UJV`I_K@;1
MG=*[UH

HC;@,L/<-#'JA=$M\))35.$V9?(3
*//*TY!]FN98`

MTOW1RWTDE-5%#8




RY[![PS/0_L'8_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`#/L)#LP'``!\



V$'TOT'\P



MQ
?N==E?NKK:J4&GXS*)HM7R5#7G0
_+[H#^W[+UVS^ZTYUR+;8I_D#KRT[1=)_;R3D!B\)*,_
MJ1WXHUOLZGWU=AS^;-]_K9O7PRV.Y=#MNU17$G\NS@UL@;$TJMOZO_W9C<<

Y7
M_V



M+
G813





015C


MO2N+M0D@T2@EA6'!4P_
0U4T(QP.$;=^92M'FH!/QKK37SM3P`_

S--



AXFKR6YG\DH%N+JE;:&5W6;AQBU]WJEF5370D)NFIUP'I(Z

QC#7&(SY03CW8.6'Q`(#*GMLX
M$3_C:^!0I?J!.4=S5X8UGSS]P69+\AMD(B6EC0U__$+GE3)-/3LY`Z*(5A





MGU28=$WL3X8U7YJ^(/



M2)3Z72B[R84

9191D9PB#@*

MKB:_*8AW67#WF-E)PX*:]#C]Q_.9G20CY%LS\DIJ#JU0OP2C7_HXU=UK7=;'


M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`+5+##I

M='


8BKG;*]J\W]?K^^$2S;
M5`QR`8FS__UI
1HA]9H#DR0/L;WT33




M(
M^SK2N8YT$1&SUD-]K:/B`@R0$(&&2(B@HR0D$'&B(@@$R1DD.EU9'8=F5]'


M+_O[@'\&ZF\
3TJ(EJ23S1?C`RTAQ+M'(0Z5;:*#52U@6HV4-T&:MA`31NH
M90.U;:.#=2U@7HV4-\&&MA`0QMH9`.-;:)#32U@68VT-P&6MA`2QN(R$C=
MQ8U'!@^S/25E-K&DSZ6E-G&DC+[6%)F(TO*[&1)F:TL*;.7)64VLZ3
;I:4


4#IO+@TZ]I`/1NH;P



5MP/E7D7H
M3EP!U1#A80FH;H1NX[M\`R$G+3S3-##0ZQ9LM=M1+#7'81PBKH(R0_K74?Z
MB&!_!C;0T`B)J1[90&.$(!\3V9J8!G,X3D-,X1P3E:&$Q_5

M`O0$2FBS2R:BT'L7*8
AY0R0A1_)RI!D=J2P+1DLR5
N9I

IC10!E?BI!M\
MB9#!EQDG(VZZD

0RV1/W'D
_N3.GT\D8RL\?]


M$62/('T$^2-(($$&5)(D$.)!)DD2-!'DD21!)BF:RIA+^#&22R[Q#S\D

MFH3K4FA$6SOI6\
G-F6;5K2-^
2VA#M2Z$9;.W=YPR?V8HAC0OHR[$`*0RF
MI#!6@DJ(DW$
/9E$D5N5D7@^IC+J+-K$U&(N6RRDL(R&



HQ


HRF%EA3:2@@&5W2*!F]U9*.N
M%'I2Z&O!T


*




MYJ`L0%FPL^H^F7VD#SGGI])!4E72-`EQS'-(S^%JAHJJF#L.#^&M&Q;`CK
MAI\JA898.?S0*%!8*/Q
F!T@=E`
H0E!$H8U`FH$Q!
4YQDTI\'_GDO\(6
M6X%+H)1!J8!2!:4&2AV4!BA-4%J@M$'I@-(%I0=*'Q3_]<SX;`Q!&8$R!F4
MRA24&2AS4!:@+$%AMZE.JULC7XPWU-AN
2AGVM;Y70\Y?'8=2)A\=AU0.OU!
MKW)WAI
H]F&L5\%6%3\_)%TD.I)Q.=%U$T`9X_BPE-B]T'
L)G8O4%A.[%Z@




#Y[6F$%``#3



X$'X_Z?X'
MQ'M@$;*
EJDU7O5KJ53J?[\4R)DZ`&'`%MNO_]C3T&9FRZ;!_:9&8\G^?S

MO):-/+5S2!?@1-V:5\$J@$R[S;&`A3M7BU.6_]SN#[$CWZPVVB_BW$O2&?




M];W\M6EE^1\&A285)HE
DABF:?S1/'I
0_1B:\.!&!@%$D0=
'Q4+#R;GT8
M.]22)(F%A4%+O3J*I@
Q
*REB[5





;'A


M'A8
.]=$T:*)*'$\KCQ.[Z*83)%



F*#=1%`_'N=H1*5$9M*JG7)D=RNT+@QZ\]9'R
MX8)@^
84MI-7RY7+87=


M*
FH-E
D$TTR)!
+)YFK5$\RJHQ%LJ
:1(L
3F?1!^+'MPHXW.C.L7M7NQU:

MO.8?ZU&
NC+%

M6U:?BZKQKN($*1?S!^BE&A^E\$LK;_H1Y5FV\






MI=.3WS:[U_I#VO;TY/[G[G7[M#B_=#S3N*LDZ(,,WL]/KN*C?%J^

MD1:'3N+K4E2Z?


KKL^BB\)YT+-JL3G_)!E$L




PA.N`R!];DIG0[Z=85*K



-M!21JN.V`1.UTAQ*U1]V`

J@ZX#(W^DDH42*I=I8$DA





M

MB-)KNN9:%B]$I7JO

M!GT-!AH
+7AKRZ-C1&
KLL.;:##58*;!W(+#:
1_JLHNK

W!!Z[[ME




-1@I

]TOW.W450







.X0S-=5J
MHDD+I`W2^;MNNVC2`^F##$&(.0


@&9@LQ`
MYB`+D7(F0-(B[60107`U6(&&MQ

FZ6M#SCRP?_*5

048@8Y`)R!1D!C('68`L

W6PAKK!G=$OA/E

T


M4@6I@=1!&B!-D!9(.R/9P2^&IM`=M.J]$#Z?L_7H6G_`*V&(.0



MC7=`NB`]D#[(`&0(
@(9@TQ`IB`SD#G(`F0)L@)9@XC===SE8^M`](+8'2JZ
M04X:4%D_')PF)PVH;+@#=D^7KIR31CX5


M^L)]^CUCK.#ZWIE
=1AJ!:0*4@.I@S1`FB`MD#9(!Z0+T@/I9R0[?\27H9NJ


048@8Y`)R!1D!C('68`L058@:Q#QL0VL



HY7X7(=0?`Y4




MJT0UHCI1@ZA)E#[F(QV[C











A'/))T[-$J(/YHBND/840#8_1G
M`*80S!=8:S)0!ADQ`(;
$LND`P5DD



BY:=I5W4D_01W=`ADQVRY<DB-IW?UX.#(EDN8[0L7W=D
S*0


M6?=P

(AP:$40=A$W/95O:Q@V]%W#/R&(.#G`7J&#GN.
MW/K-_8Z$+9IHXV+@4
(AP:$40=A!J!VCL(8%\7
')1\?_9:DJ86!YB`'EP^$


$

M4



MT^+
Q;
\4JHB8&CE

MTP'%EM5
O1G2.&JJ^=.AY8)L:\C[%8](U7.;AQOZAE62[Y7.@2*_0VYUDR

]DD=^_B+8[AMK*50;^J0[


M0]ETC
?%_UD2J\AD4A)%5@O!SQ&

M3#(_POH6$B`VMXA\Y).4[T#&`\33F;^K4UN7
;`

*FO+6ADQD;7
M8A


(JF

ME'G!)D




M#R_#0Y?S/%PL-O/+H;E.I87H_C

M:Y?CSYB['.[?WF]?CNWE!A//S;GI_QJ

N'\$J\.1;`^_
M

M+J@


MC$4LM98H;JT5K-9VX
FH-0X9(QDC.2
%(R4CE4FL

M
'\21E)&
/AH!$^KHZ!VD)*804JR1(\RKB3ASEENTE&)/,D8
MR1DI&D9J4QB113`(T](`[9C4FB)G6










MR:56(

M@8A&A)=B*/L3LQ050EME;8O.FIF0&DW)'5M5M0:%GQ'2I9ES5!!2&^-F-=N9
M


Q*ER268H9&H4XI(F\DC@
X9LO3&P9\
`GP;X`


M?/-)T&K`-Y\D#G91C`Z

X






M]D:[$


MW'^$1M/!=ZF_





B
M%9&:2$.D)=(1Z8D
1$8B$Y&9R$)D);*E)



TG]B5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1
MP&AD-#&:&2V

MJ&;4
&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$:&:T


6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V


VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&(T


MS!2)GC)K*K:J&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V


:H8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T
IH8S8P6
M1BNC+4-YUK^_MCYP;1V079=L;:UF*@C7UFQ5
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&(T
UH8

!H9
M38QF1@NCE=&6H3SKIH!^]N3[P)5U0'82V
I:S23W)T85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
M1D83HYG1PFAEM&4HE\
5O799NO0@XNKY&Q-\LC*84ONX`DSE2-ZJK8JF;4
M
&H9=8QZ1@.CD='$:&:T

4GQB5#&J
M&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V

MK
=2

NZK9W=N;AY)891Q:AFU#!J&76


*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V
)D8S


M0[D@IGB.TX`+Y&



:H9
M-8Q:1AVCGM'`:&0T


(LCF%&)T85HSJ@
MY$:F$80.)?OSM3DH:M5

^Z*6'/&^@.7Z:%







!H938QF

]-;I(

4O;

M


MRK$#-)I:M9+PG2`-WS

MA`!QY-
R78N5+@^-H+3)PI2)'9

M%D%IDW1%JUI)BYN@PAJ(6*G2SYW?W3A[






MU#
:&(V




M


M5

Z[E6LTE[0=6]BQ6<UMT^<


M)D%J-0O2\(L@M5H%::Q-4'#3YP8W/*)04#//0@5,_\\$;\\;,Y\3VJ@:V,X
M+=`-N18K18T@*!TG*8VF5JTD?=(8_6
S.8/$HWQ#N/<*HB$_$4$(:OH(JMZH`2-1JV:CE6)U:Z

.D8]HX'1R&AB-#-:&*V

!H938QF1@NCE=&6H3SK

'9]P!(1%(]N!S+'O@YI)]D^
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V
)D8S
D8#
MHY'1Q&AFM#!:&6T9RC/L*O1DLY7STCM?N6?C.B]!7T0*T4G1A6CFE'#J&74
M


;`

OFR.=/+HUROP
R-





Z0ML*+`Q
HTW1:;MSI&I

#I?VZI_72]SZ)U14=J:-]-





(31F2VC
$!HS
MA
8=3JWC5AT%

K6IZPX)S!;/G8.Z%@XOD_ANZ
(0N#*&+A\D*

MR1!2=05UH%F'SL`%HQA%8
(1;'A%H
(1=#Z



0R:*$-0VC#
M$-HPA#8,H0U#:,,0,Y(AM&$(;1A&X;0AB&T80AM&$(;AM`F@V:E=/5XLGGI





M8@B1&$(EAI)(71B*$80JD


MHN^B%Z010Y1]R?T

M0T&&4)`A%

DA
'83$@5WN'Q0F


S@!1TDCKF)P
(1Q#*




9`BI!*H[


2]N9V(5-Y-9^71T4
M$Q-=12`90V@F$.
I*@`DI4-TAI4!M.HQA'HU1WJ
81Z`K5US$F!
MZ@ZE!&KKD(4A9!%XCFEFI:OGBQKX0C])-V:E9_EZ2`P*$(
`Q)!_8DB_9VX]


MVDD'H:#`M.$+$\N=!B2B/GO0[;[&F6YF/


/`



U&^

M
]@=2WHCJ#W1^L!IXEMU^0@!@4(`8!B'_Q)!^S_;/UA?L#$7$&6M67/-I
M@D$DM9-E%R)1;Z`1,4@DSNG-/IZUYS_BM7(%Z*);]K!VZ



3Y'=1\UUI4`@JBW)!6*,(0D#*$)0V@B4-<AB!+@<U5&M$MOY&EN0KH0
M+RLV!.:WI=P=B,<0ZGU3'R&HV*5]W!WLK]A!9#'$OW&AN3`5W?G`=TU%?Z0


0A##+H0
M@RS$H`HQ3$ABT(08)&&_8X8!$&/8A!#F)0@QC$2)FY&W$U?**%KH^^N
_G
M0V#NI8DX!Q'=;*800@UE*802#$%0VC!$&(PA!H,(0=#Z,$0@C$(@PA4-H
MPAB




M.0]




MZ$


MD3
$BXUD%V(Z!&CG700(A*#B-0&1/3LN0Y67*&LK&12QV$VM%..@BU4V;4

M#9KG1%6?*%L;.-2_Z!LM)-VH2PQ*$MM0%G/;/],#B`L^4+8V,:E_D'8:?]
M@[`I
I8+ZYE)W+W]<O"
M+X2-;:2)L[X0-MI)_R`L,0CK6=(_.N9[9]9WR`L^4+8V$;6/^
+8:.=]`_
MILP(Z^K=HK^$


0EAB$]2P7UC.3


MS71@Q3;9A5.V:UL$R;8)=J$U!BUHEK
X;L]G/8I?X



MD#





H9A^?[B0I]^S??ZB1^$3D==BZ%\:QP]BF!(!`JE)







MTXX
(6
P3)K&M&
(Y3Q


MV#Y9Q5J!B6$G[)E.]VJ7=OIX

&4(\
=2(4$J@
MM@U9/+PIO
Y\XRKQ2[+85R?/#E:64/;KY]6@C&(0@R:$(,DQ`)

PLIJXL3[30Q=37Z]E.YD[1W%30K0@Y





EV-+W2-=I(_Z)HRHZLKW(NZNC_8NPG/


DR3;




N7FO:?Y$O=-FFT17==


MJKYHUWV9E++NVQ48M!MV2;N

MYKP:ENLP2!EV=Z?71[?[ZR-T;19L@*

'@65WIH%()M




M(8V@86LCZ





X=7-


M7$3=&IC&?NK6L+5NW=DM?#]K^97J
05LZ[*UO'T!MUR8XX?%UN_E487NJTN2

]ZFH
M9S=DNDE2!3B[*E(U


MV5&'@E&'@C&&%.S58-\

T;,T;
T;,T;
T;,T;
T;,T;
T;,T;
T;,
MT;
T;,,[;%7.ND%//+W;@OK)9NW+!],51GH&&7.G;!T*=@Z%,P]D8^A0
M?0J&/@5#GX*A3\'0IV#H4S#T*1CZ%`Q]





M)RSU`LGW9!=E^6&PGP.;Y?L5V%Z^\OHI8C!]W\/W0OQ^)[LHWY\5VW35\M_U
MX2]M7[#TX8ZMNC:[O5S;NY?'0_?%+LJ%KL
W
'3MV*P[NO:RT#S3V+%?LD#7



W8



M:39?I!EV29J

M5;9NN%S0J(8(5U-$N0HB7071KH$I;[1KV

4QAH*\ZYU(2V$G;\.PI8PL^

?87G4O8]M
.+-8^W@\Q


M3)(N7I)$MVJ(1L40C:HA@@0X\R;Z#6S5WGJO3@IL]$7LQP$-.RXO$6A2VYD)



^?)%J$7TI2DD*9@2-.3/ULRQJN

MOV\08!(?M6HN])T*(E#)!H$*AD#=.66-'
40.;IA_D,`XE]]MYBKUVWC7W;
MCJ^Q;YBZ]1P]F:JV322A&%\AF4[M7K


M^RU(WK`4/B3OSBD;AL]BB
#=
&6-FA5$S0#GBQBD*TDB73=

42H2'$.

YEQOH(3OND4L6P\TZNGQLV*G

M2$5#SH:E')&SI[0.L
40.;OA^0^NHG#8G=^OA9W9KQVO=!3P=W7%=G:P=L5^





V5
MUS!
SM\NU#`[\DNOC#8#\#2WG\NQ2`=_
#F_!W:A@+^3713PSXIM:FM#



I
MW^:+KL
[=.HJ%K`5#UHXM


M=FS1M6%;W/9[0^C:[%9=1QXY;KLOW7781?G0M6#H6O)`UX9MY=OO#:%K\477


MHR7D:F:K74YID8TA0
:4IZ2-/M6'?.Y7NY-X0TQ1=I&K8U[7+G*-DE:88O
MV:-MNQ6FK:77Z5IVI-MUND*1C2%`QI&K9*T[!%F@:MTI3DD*9@2%

M1:8UA-W9(C
G-CMW


M=.RHTYO1/@_75]M*_J&EFG_*8[-XS!8QC#P%F(;39X.]!+:6HW;%7MR4W+?I





MBX:MGW^XOMK.4]%GV
6L@3X%0Y^H4_!T*=@Z%,P]D8^A0
?0J&/@5#GX*A


M'B3S=WG;5(QNS7DU+.\*D3+LV/&



M-#!5E590

G-<WCKS4W39#J#0-HP^B4H!YENM

MVD!QI0V$:RYSZ7\TBVD79:99Y`2W9J&#!MLLV@G$VBD;IF81B3.`![A
O!5$


MS
)


MJG5


M1.:VI6$#4#G'\SCW0E2:3KAJF*]
ABB%1XJPV/;*J-)`=UN)7YE;5!F;

&07
PQ+


M%;A




20I&
M3RP8BA0




M;&-IQQ9=.[:]MZR7FZ9=E.M)/]*IOHYO8
\#R[IVNRUN^P6E5^/[;6!KN]M]



M==A%W-U8.C:L5D^=&W85K[]@A*Z%E]T'7GD\NV^Z#KLHGSHFK%-5VW.K:YM
MU[[JVK!5UVXWMY9H6#`T+!@:-BP-2_3-ALT3*+IA,4.NDAS2%`QIH8T)3VD
MZ79

M8$A3

MU@W3#I

O8
MIIWV_4F[L7G4#V07C3JV_4KZ[?P)]M/O5J*;
RR'ID@9=A1PUNKZ:EN*(V\8
M
D`

=;[[[0/:0#-+KK0!YUKJ0;


_]!VVF'%6O_#FR^GZ&=

-(
#I3O]N8)(

-3MSDL(
M]_*A=W%%[^YZOGPT@6D7Y:

M1/(*(GF`\\T&';.!J[[=


MK`7\%7:'5

T
M#7LHMN@4\&0J6H5#!4*A@B%0R1H9&!4.B@OTT&!(5.WI7P5H8`A4
/3)
MV#:8ZD0@]9HYF(K8=6@8T\ZBP_;B`1V&7=*A8.A0

'0J&#AG;=-#VW^K0S@66)07#G[31M:C4'PYEFSCM
MD@[#-S!T*!@Z%`P=H8.!4.'@J%#P=A8.A0

;3HP
M`7D=1.S]H6'+I1
&0=DEC#&H8
2\8
2\8
2\8
0\8UOYM9VT[:CO1_.7+6\[
M-@=X^F[!*'_!*'_!*'_!*'_!*'_&MO)K0Y;*?W')?1O;NK%4NC]V;+T


/6BP77^Q^7
M4*=FQ\8V^C=UZNFQIL[CQ?:&AWH67^K9L/6BPO5AN^)(W8==Y$O=

M5/?+.O==PM)^&Z8_+HQ





M;&^I:











#OS
L'ZX?ILA:`4]F=.AV!8%
G`QI'[5D-HTD-U%TK%C9J;]\L&2Z81O


M+_EN79@&
^Q2E!KVA=X]?





M\L'G_:7::5LQ)IO#3L?8LWG;QU#K!G%'4.L




M$Y&NI)2/TN=/XFR]V;R+L^V.W:WJ[MH8U;Y5W1U'U6Y5/\=1M5OEY]HSW)TX


M*_7C-6NM`]RU.-\&[VZH0]NO;2





MEFM_SK2-9Z2IS0Y_A6_]M-WAS[LM=]KPN/KI\TV*I^/XC
^I?3I.GVFB+=FX
MZ%

M&:H[;=[Y\1DZC1


]//M&/+$=?^<18;CD^J?2)L=QR2*`V;SDT4KNV)RU\
MJNH38X'UHUUK'V`YVNXGQE;+\6FJ3XRMEJ.YJPU:CK'G$V//1]Q!G-./
!\4







!IS6[C@@2*V0=O;DZO;CYX=W/4WOZ#

MN-!7CO05R_'[OT?&.LO1CX[T(\O15XZ




X

TK]OX'G-9N














88OV(F=9@MBRT)?ZN
MP'./XGBX.M#\U


`YMN3OB.23G[HCG<-%:RL;E
MY^'ZI+L;Y]_$H9'CWL7QI]G^;$WWYP_V_CQ^FCOLMPK@M/:V?QL!IWG3_OT#

_5[UGU0S_'O8I#(\=]$_?#QP5.:V\;%SC-#S8N


MQ[V)X^&X=W$\'/=;'`_'\;T$]2/+443U:?O5#XJHN=]R%%']W7(447._Y2B&

L



M(;G64I9#\AOI[LZHT5WO.RSW*(Z'\Z.I:)UE.9J*SI
M1U/1^P[+T51TUFPY







MT-9Q]P?=N^=AUTMP%


]QE%/SK;]C?=`=:QXF9N2GO87ET$C[

=8?3



MEJ


MR*TRD:D2V&G0G48DJ60DJQ2DJ.S(KE*10Z4A3:6RGZK[.9!#I2%-Y41.E8YT
ME0NY5

M


M*E)5#N10F5Q'/7U2@9T&W6E$-I6$))6

M






G_[[/Y]^?_6O#U^_



MY.$O7U_BX\NOOWY\_V'UY?T_/WWX_'UR\O7#[^^^J_)_^^WC']_@[=/[E[C[
M].[K/_[YQW^]__+I#^7B;Q]___C]?\Y.7[_Z]/XO^[]__O+UW=]^5_7^S^+Z





MW]=XH=+A'%[_@9*_L
X+-+C^`[8OK/7B$G'5'[!]44
O5'I-)?[_RK
%$DW_
M@0*\M.)(-M4-8'OSYOKRYN[^G.HSC;9`BND_$/9E]4:*+5R.7;\LQ1;(
?T'


MP\7EB\:L2V23_N//5?4*V:3_
*:7+ZSJ%;))__%GJGJ%7-)_H*H7+YF/KI!)


`FU7D+-EU#[)=2`;5@0DV84!LFLA'?JK2VN:U&D#^5VUJO<QLU?01PR1YD

01U)H0M'H0M'
M8`C!*01C)YD1$;&.BJ1)JO(1:+Z'F2ZC]$FK`A%HPH29


IB)1$









M]4WU;`K0QB`QA6V=RO-_[R?MSLG@;
\H9?^94SG_UY?!B)`[%=P7C$IV7SF5

_CM&/?L?G

M./]\?52GM#I$4'V2V2H20R2:%R.X1NHA!?8GTL_&1:Z)+%4]U-JZ&'2=U/
+


MPO81EK*[+++(ZR(L)+=50:IYQM1X`.C(Z.:?36L:AEUC'KV-;#JQ&AD],2^
M5(\P![NDJI'

M=GTQ/?2IGK/V':V-0IU0(\4VC+;P
Q]N!YD)%SS5M&?'*:



M=!;KC2`&J1$$/7JI7Z+1DZNZ*F`K
1R2![@G(/)7[

6IW965+-G



M86O#1&TVC+81RUV$[=DT991%+/
(*]BT9%1%+`\1=F33FE$3L6PCK&/3GM$0
ML3Q%V



MPATB[`@FW-7LKH%




MEJFM''L'2I-RRD$S:ZENA*VEVM(
OV9`[M\
MEH'OKH(-%?5:=*1V+J6?^R/$?J$/39&:![
D@;)6TO]%9OPUC+UH:)2[YA
MM(U8[B)L;YD[4TS9769E[BX[C[#





X



3.T;
M1EMA.1-@)V0(L&=O*:-
6
X$R(4
`0KV5C*JA.5



M




N=




M!T9'1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH8G1B-C)X8J6Y`;:MZ`;-(@ZM.P+I(DZL^P+I(HZMY

5HS
MVC#:
MHQVC-*&66

BH9M0P:AEUC'I&`Z
3HY'1$R.5_+:]
MT9`J^9E%&EPE/^LB3:Z2GW611E?)S[I(LZOD9YW?\'[RJQV(:/)K'NPA3$A-
M0&[#0]U`!1N-2_7]'VTIYJD5HS6C#:

CHQJ

#HQ&AD]
5+)3PVIDI]9I
%5\K
NTN0J^5D7:725_*R+-+M*
^]%#7AZJAUR\/
3]ZIG[JQ8@D6\&Z2
9


Z\9-?`T'[%#-?S_C9\6K5CYSVC`8[FXYT@
Q6\

M@;:P5+6'Y0Y
75JP/7M+&66P%-YR

M$S7MV+1G-

Y8&TX:H?%_SVB#_A37U30^_@RVA4QL)


6)X+?1..B[E0P'?!

&F%YOB#A\-


MK[T6%\%39$OH

RRH3EN;]%






-H*2WEO%P381D[-E;RB@3


MP=1MM[.E5P!KCMK`4K6%LU11@TVJ5N@0M0.;C]ISU`&68=1@M^@D=(@Z@CT;
MU4]?N;






\!4D:9L)P)D`L9
M`A3LK6144L]3:N3%;_K'(0`KH_LIV;4

ML/FH-60N:@
41+T



W

KR;A4Z_)&O3AJ=(R.[OIBGRYH$^
M.+4V&C%P;!AMX6D^X



J9^



L9ZY2*V0(T+&WGM$@+%]2E9/0

M(@AONPC;LVG**(M8YA%6



M%3($[=A;SV@0EM[%#*IU$CI$&







.'M
MR-YJ]M;`4GAK+7
=OV-O/7L;K*6KZ0E
E&WTO/GI$9P;_#`]^#Q!_3:'SIC@




MV[71BWN@#:
MO
X'WT$V?[NZYP`IHPS.YF/FD+VPP@5'*AE5\#H?_`9?Z@
MOC7I/R9\9-\UHP9^YL.UD






M(7\0.D0]@LU'K2%S41N@

MGBN(WRGEX9W^%:S?]PEIJU@VT/WO&#:,D@MTF4GK^RNW0RC!\K1FM&&T9;



1@_YF:
VUN280?
M?3+&0S9T(_^I%3]:B%=J9DN()K1AN#1`MMG4JVT%VP:MLY&?SO&:7L/W
J


]HPVC+:
M





4@Y%VA*-S.#_5
MY;&37+/S\=+]A%2J8_A:,EH9I$H#U1HJ5]D-HRV0<[\#<H/O'LCY2AEE0,Y7
M;I`H5P&5\U4RJH<KP/[.D+E?-6










:@)RODT&B
MCB-49U]^RZNI

W
MRF\8;8%FEP`[J-3FJ1@*@V/H/50N8LHH`YJ-F!O53`4+.'+A2D85T&RX0QCN


MJX#*^2H954#.UX%]':%ROFI&#9#SU0*Y.G9`SE?/:`!RODX&B3J.4)U]^2W_


M9Y0RRACEC`I&):.*T8'1D5'-J&'4
NH8]8P&1B=&(Z.G_T?9F2Q)LL/8]5?T


MO31Z9?3:Z(W16Z-W1N^-/AA]-/ID]-GHB]%7HV]&WXU^&/TT^F7TV^B/T=\-

7AN]
7IK]
[HO=$'HX]&GXP^




M^B.
94?

M[K6-+:7!L)N


%6'Q*LZ)#C=(=&H#HE&=4@TJD-SQT2
M9C(DIM0A,24[`L@=$C'-\#3E$#'A8
B)GR@GT.M9
&M+#QRO8HOC/:VR\V5
MU76T[9%%$(D11&($D1A!)$8
B1%#8L20&#$D1@B)$4)BA)`8(21&!(D106)$
MD!@1)$8`B1%`8@20&`$D1OR(_9.PV]L


'XGA




MOAX&?3Q\K8[PM1B^'FU+Y\?XZ4

;PYOK+MO(^;

Q?+2V#3XJ%5SJHU;O



M)0.Z#+







^GCX6AWA




M*%N-LZVEC4UGX4`Q'-C8YD`Q'*BVN$P
EZDM+A/#96J+C\3PT=IV]U'Y2LC4

1M+&QC77!TNWTMO0ZO5[PX3+NNY\O![EIWVH%';[KF?&?M:^WBBTAO

MC0LY33Q[Y[+W=)IZD*R4((MD#X=[:1!7ILJVIRQ/*^
GS'LFHE%E_)Q'9X1[

M-_MN5,SCCB)#7=?TF#8==_A3S'\*88_Q?G&/X4PY]B^%

?XKA3S'\*?8I
M89\3]B5A7Q/V+6'?$_8C83\3]BMAOQ/V)V%_$_9/PG@9SHZY?9;!+!1X&2YI
MG@4#+\

7DQYBY&.HB1#BL+/BHU8.JC6ASN/FIL+IGX2`P?



O`L/K#G\.NQR;^%






M5X((R97HQ05T:69S!'010Y?'C(I4R:BL$6'^R)=TM\X_*%HJRE316FKNBE:&
M4DO4BR%58W
3ARRR0X/&IH?00'8X7/WA7;7%NV)X5_WA2O6'VU:[X*-2%J8^

?PFAM_$\)O8

CXCA$#'\(4:*B)$B8J2(&DB1HJ(D2)BI(@8*2)&BHB1
M(F*DB!@I(D:*B)$B8J2(6$D10U+$,`N%DB*VS(*AI(@MLW`H*6+++!*BM@R

68OABS%V/R8LQ=C'00
%@,#VL(/-P8K]N5DOJ<UR[)YGP

ML=2/X*=8#='__-`

MJGMXYP7=6UOV!T7WXY.+[7+.[!]T'WWW'$/WUD_Y&-`Z8`@:Q%9CQ/[7%X'8




ML+%MABL+
RS[\Z7O-L

NSX&/EE9\$G9DOTKG[0]W.83[?7P267E(^CS
M5I






MU9##D.NZQRF$;AME]W&RF\(SL;'LR`A'E5C/)HV/MP$.7C&N/&.QK/ZC6X


21%#$D10U+$
`N&
MDB*VS

#XCA


28DQAS$F-.*PMS



M5+:

M7Q93'TT[8^IB3%V

MHZ!Z


L




65IQO=




M2!$Q4D2

5)$C!01(T7$2!$Q4D2LI(@A*6*8

M5



@F%6V=]BMJ
-X
XQ7FT$BZCU`K9
M%
NKQ/&MR

MI
\L'%C*$\LL(%C*$\L0$B%%2IF9IDBM/[=5H+QF40Z+6&B65?08SL?PR[!;
M4D0
KXCA%#%\(H9+Q/(&`X1PQ]BI(@8*2)&BHB1(F*DB!@I(D:*B)$B8J2(
M&DB1HJ(D2)BI(@8*2)&BHB5%#$D10RS4&WDUAFP5!2Q'UFX5!2Q)990)04
ML64(B9`BI?I)4Z2617N*C%)I2Q&=/?(:7$NE)47$\(H83A'#)V*X1`R/B.$0
M,?PA1HJ(D2)BI(@8*2)&BHB1(F*DB!@I(D:*B)$B8J2(&DB1HJ(D2)BI(A8


AXCA#S%21(P4$2-%Q$@1
5)$C!01(T7$2!$Q4D2




@6R^<O7G8V6_%UJ/MW!XP/Z88YW''4

M



D



G8KA$#(^(X1`Q_%&BHB1(F*DB!@I(D:*B)$B
M8J2(&DB1HJ(D2)BI(@8*2)&BHB1(F*DB%A)$4-2Q#`+A7(7L646#5%;)F%
M0TD16V8!45+$EB$D]A0YW%5HGOX0LW&XD8K%

MPMXF[%WWB?L0\(^)NQ3PCXG[$OOB;L6\*^)^Q'PGXF[%??B?L3\+^)NR?
MA)$B%O/V60:S4!%DN99


1PBAC_$2!$Q4D2

M$2-%Q$@1
5)$C!01(T7$2!$Q4D2






8\$

I);+Z^AE'4K%(KG.DN9=LN,=IV1B($09B!($8(2!&`(@AOQCB
MB[%0B+%.B+%

M
5)$C!01(T7$2!$Q4D2


4'8KA`#`^(X0`Q
MYB_&]
68O1B3%V/N8J2#&.D@1CJ(D0YBI(



UJ(H848
M6K0QYJN



^=/3#&E\6N





2A`\9E3B8ATAQ$4IH=.X




MKIM5
Z



7RB#BL.@=XZ*:T=!


?106_000P^U10`Q

6126W)'#$W4%DW$T$1M$4`

MN1@^7]ON/K]8J_VU\CS](:Q7G;'\C5+CP-M*^WK\_-CL.)[MNK](V


M-(M]?N!$]XW&MC7L*CX
1896Z;8E[.:I%[%ITKV-*FN!?'JNBBIBJ/)0]X@T
M3'KWB*2N$$D
D4;;&6RJ:]%MF/4AT$W=H9L8NHVV]PR!E
.L#X&4:W=!RE*2


.B=HY$Z0B

M1S)UA61B2#;:WI/WJ#C

UR&(G$
MD*BQ32(Q)%);5!%#%;5%%3%445MD$$
&M44&
6106WPNAL_7ML'GI:)
?5Y+




M4'_((#MD$$
&


M$\]EBGP30]/&YLD0^=;8]0JBUBB2&6^D

8LB@ML@@A@QJB\_%
M\/G:-OB\E+2ISVNMN_N\LKC[#H4=^=;JY+K[/AR3D^MITD
#65JSN;PABQBR
NZ_S9#J&:W26&4.H/5<1016U110Q5


UI=O-U[Q)IL4TF
612



U';]L:5L






M0@PMQ-!#W$T$(


M=Y\W-C=S^%P



CSM$$


5J'TPXQ*@M?
M9'(5WGE!H&'7KP6!Q!!(#('$$$@

M0C3&#T[WR9

@3F7E4QK+;L#?T37M
M^AB(
]IVACB5+9L5Q!EVVQAA


MO:/1L.B]HY%Z0B


MB&#VB*#&#*H+3X7P^=KV^#S4GG/J^5^)X]E85GQY?A\18Z5+MVBWKZ]
G5

M8=_'0E+UBZ1B2#K:WC



D$V

(S@*=BP%
:&

:Y

9941AG&

M




M6&KE8JEA6%JQ

M1U`9AF$%FPTS#





3RXHAA.&)YD=\P



K/AB&#X;A@Y6'#Y8.'PS#AQ%;




M)VNWP
2QN
5$;5&CB67O.IM8L'D`*]AT4


M6%X\

MUWUO61)^6#LV4W]/

M;$SKR=HM

V*PS3#

@S-Q[R+YMI:1LW+GG/6O&#3&IJ7II87AF]/

M+&EQ4GO4Z&39O

.GBDT^&89/EA=3#



#0?\RZ::X\:-2^;UUGS@JVSS_+D@=FG;GS+['
ZV9=*


M%8]Q5A3&&89Q/:^*/QX_K$^



YV'7A9?GDB/:1K88HW?<^\Y[5O(V!73;9'$G95[/W;8F%/UVZ+A;]R
M6URUV^)J+VZOL6V,,;HG:W?%:L.HPW#Z)[WG5O@?4_6;H'W8W&+]]K+1N_+



M%QL


MKE;LW99AM-T6HWMQ^VVM97C?D[6[XOU8W.*]]K[1^[(I)FLKY^9T*-BT1*_8
M=-[M&)[63?;^L)


HT

GR8HIAF&)Y
M









8_AB&/X;ACV'X8QC^

!?_GG`D
`P



MT%2K)QNJ-6)+M;0/C-4J&\2Y6G73.*Y)+D_+NPX(&)+9&IN:UF3UO8\K?OXZ

U%
=:EC%ZKF7!
MJ&4KFQH5;'J0YAAUJ.E2'304QSK4



MC/JTVR&3852A8J$*.J-*5=CP9?NV-J7EIGO]E33U;YT.%]/;.Z&%*WB]QT+
M7IYKA-UU^ND8TN_5KZ
TE


M[1U'_(KQA\2:@TA7\O+IW891A8+Q1Y/`EBIHF$U5*

MQBFT*^F&]075

MX:M
9?2=9IR:;EC$4(62;L0J6*IN/(C=[;;*@]\#_^_K_^[7_?_`?CX_X'
MDDZ:1=975JV;(N;!ZOZ2[H-
?=
MPW$+D6V4K`O&C5AU[6/W7O3E^L=-;D\U*U]8WY.%S6^[`S\/TZ(N_/4PWAW

MV'/`7@+V.6!?`O8:L*\!^Q:P[P'[$;#?!NQW`?M]P/X0L#\&[$\!^W/`_A*P
MOP:

/8+#W2GE$CI:4PRA
ML\]&9;$QATC!M-

MAAZ&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&$2*&
]'3#+&(8JAB&*(:AB6%(8AB*&(8@AJ&'882(882(882(882(
M882(882(882(882(882(882(882(882(882(882(882(80H1!PD1!PD1!PD1




IH_8


4@DU/,?BHM&W(&K8_[:!_U'3[N0LZ6%YT,`P=*K:7
M1Z.M/-HYYEW:J45X;&=9G<_MKOV/GXL#A(5-<44%3W7^_VC)BN/B8]G5^NS
M/72QTM'%


M(L66UGA1O;+XF]6K\(]EF]/EQ7;&X-2E@Y9H8L;;&+$)87(0Q#N/5E=L
M&D/&O$LOT9HLMK

-IN&&TWC+8;1ML-
M(T(


(8_<GQQX]ABPIX`]!^PE8)\#]B5@

M$WB7P-09)%PH]0=)&0
G4(0B2D7+K$$B(Z^DVS-^:L?/=BDUOZCB&!7O
MD`X%#$
`PVB_833?
%IO&(TWC+8;1C@81C@81C@81C@81C@81CB
V**YCJ&C


MFSUX4;#Y3:?C^?)L`7]ZNG9?_#$
?PS#'\/PQS#\
0Q_#

?P_#'





QPS#








MT]
PHK0FG#Y!T!+NV#,+PD'+S#?L1I+Q!S:\*]0

MIZ=KXR#^&(8_AN&/8?AC&/X8AC^&X8]A^&
8_HS8XH^VT8







M9A];NFF=[2!..HB5!9RM](1
8PYBG(
X9T7B7


=
;9TXQ%C
&8E8=C5A[V6'EX
M

#M/\HW


MR%C@8HAV]^\94H\8M13ZK[__[6__N/O7?_SK?_]O_^=O__D__W;[MW__]__Z




N3;=LFP
)VK\&[*=MEJ6H6EU




MQXK\=
TEE8EU!_F7VH!U!_F7.*P[R+_$8=U!_B4.ZP[R+W%8=Y!_B4/*@_1







69GCC)TQ*W-T!\:LS.F5-&F=8D6OIDGKQ.E]-&F=
M.+V$)ET2A]:
D;DN:


MX#17Q?;!::Z*[:
/GM


0Z4C^M\GRT_:1\B:/



MB4
NS3E13^32G!


;YV#Y]
MY%5M2&W7QU[5AL3QJ5N-\Y'3IUW5AI1/GWA5&Q*'#Q?X4+YDN(S7M.&2-O#M


Z8.1H]F7
M:GMJ'UG4Y\O3CD47LFB


3)RR*4Q
G)47V-DY)!+8V3D:)_&R



M*C.=SU+/
#U


GD'_2R.


M-3E&#CTU.48./16XD4-/[2$BAY[:)T0./;5/B!Q2:H]4_C#Y

MB

D/=/]D%)G4Y%#2NU+
6N]'#BFU]X@<4FKO$3GTU/XB<DBI_6CDD%+S2GP!!STU=T0.*35W1`XI


N/#O
'-9I_GNK+IKC


X+BD?4NH9;GPU







^2%S2
G\D#FD9'[(
M'-XR/V0.*9D?


M2


+G-T!_9.F4-*SK




XV#D?LNCDMZADGWTS@8.231F
P?+O:^2QLT5_&73)W#
M=\V-D7O2_;BDNM!5-&9%CJZB

[:
R*'&W7F!4YVJXQ
M*W)WXKBD^R&7QJS(8;G&K
^*^BJ.?

M




YI-2Z-7)(J3.=R*&GSG0B








MZZCPK<NBI\ZS(H:?.LR*'GCK/









M7



MH[CGS%%]SF`R1UVVKSW'303D]AWE^+F
UP.K94I-/8:
G&KEUM


MQ7&_Q+V(XWZ)^RP.BQ/W11P]-'$W!U9WF)A[H5;GA_B9#=JGD3!RU$6]-W*W


C=MR'N*J@V1K1

_3B(RAV9\LB5S:


Q'



MQKK(D45C7?G+;

M&NLBA\P:ZR*'S!KK(H?

X+HG[
MLS@NB4






NU%B?!OD1HE]BCJS-6.MWZ*/['


U=
N]$F7#'MUH;Q8
=.*W#%NQM+R;=R
M?GPLY5NLIQT[_?`6OP?-:).WZ!6S
XP'LRN
!S/J+#Z-5:/\XO6G&N47O\O5

HK7Y6J447PV

K^N2?EN7Q_`D




*B
RJF1(


R51RI%`ID5*E0BJ5&FE46J15R8E]*?[5WK'4

BI

BBLB*K

*C
RJRS(HK(BJ\J&;H[LJLT2*/2(JU*AW0J/=*K
M#,B@,B*C2H9D*CF2JQ1(H5(BI4J%5HU4JOD3.XM-#FI1AJ5'AE49F11V9%#
TSK]]TX/.'HG<JI<R*5R(X]*0I)*AW0J/3*HC
BH
B&3RHPL*BNR

BD
B.+RHJL*AF2


B@
B*CRH1
*C.R


M-_V?R*ER(9?*C=PJ#_*H)2I3,BD,B.SRH(L*BNRJFS(IK(CNTJ#-HMTJIT
M2*?2([W*@`PJ(S*J9$BFDB.Y2H$4*B52JE1(I5(CM4K^.UX]Z?WV.5$*I6;M
MU1'`H-(CH\J



#]_JK=F






M&[*I[






MG7=3-%.KVU`BY`42RBT_Z45.:]2)&@&W42=JY#)'7ZN1B1M]K490;?2UV05=
M*C?RJ0DJ7P@'RKT&_M`@+FM!^&UT6]F1=3
28D#U
Q)BNRJFS(IK(CA\J)


M)*E\(!\J42Z#RHB
*A

R*@R



BJLB&;
MRH[L*E%



MPXA&EPJ*@O5ZC7+U:HUB]5J-4O5*C;;WKH^F]YZ_4A,;_9:D?;[(59C6S2



__O+M

M__'KSU^^?/OC_P(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.(&
ADB+P``9O```!D`



MXKK_
[M]]UYBG_X/A?_XX?WGER\OOWY]@W!OIXSR-3^]?7J+2#_]\
L'7($K





+13M#RYFR




E!FX
N!WT.


MEEB(2Y&#

_!D(-5#M8YV.1@FX

%1@:2R
/(FSCB61@DA)
MI)2$VF(M$0Z(CV1@<B*R)K(ALB6R$AD1V1/Y$#DJ$E2+YB=ZWKQ<_HW;O7T









[






M;GQL+]BM9]K(TC?^R10-2L\#A*FQL3!8Z5G2+/Q66=SFJ0W/QF`M1^L8]8;G


M5?H&2SZ'+929-*_2
]VM
ZJ5YX4[I5%FDD#+T3I&O?*


M.RE(SP*$H05)!@J#E9XES65*0:':\&P

MMP8;V77':&]X'@QV#

`GX(:`DKO

`SN7:MJFW`:=U:;\GI]N4QXELP`QBT-C@?<W\_V!TK.D
MN4QFM6&9V.PEJ-UC'K#<S#8BEW7C#:&Y]9@8V!Q3K'C</M@%@ON8+!C8
8L

MM



XJ5N#39ZIBYU
MQ]'VAN?!8

M9)U
Z6W4F^J51VIXJ$.DBPDV8G:?OA
PRQX_MF)WI\/1Y+SCC/2F)UWY(&9Y

MW=F

8;\2M[K

]R#2+/J'
^J
MSJ-D


MNZ-09M+`2L]4-UTQJI5G3``C5K9D;Y2=I-`&AH$C9

'SXF4-
MRDP277FF+FO-:*
\8]:HW+;*3!(8.=J.T5YYQ@2XW`[*3E(X!G:NW-)6=6:7
MTAWSD0\7LDL96]HRF
6AN3!8Z9DJUXI1;7@V!FL#B_.&CL/UP2QF;C#8BEW7


M^U:920(C1]LQVBM/




RDP26'&T-:.-\G0WWVQVFS\VV2H33YRI!VCO?(\
M$_R@33X












=HK3[-P#LI`0A^3
M.&GK.+

U*!9B

ZN]+
MH%%FDD#+T3I&O?*


MI+E




=PSL

M7NP^2K:J&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@M&*T9K1AM&4T
MHQVC
Z



H9S0D*T]

M4U3KO
O7

MBYEHK4S@#;UL

M](^L2;717)+N!
6@/:-!D


U0B*L5I&G:#HV#
:!/$;ZH]ZMJ^+@&?[)U-T!ED[IN8V

M)*]\#+H46R4HWATUHT:0[@T?;F/_?



M&5UZE)3FY*@ZI]);*50)4OT5QVK$2O57C#J/='_%L88$I46#8K;NLB?'LR8V


7<M%+1H5'V/X3JY)1


MMN7BR2


G#S;U4&U%
M7E2\76)IVF^GI3-A-PNB[T?'=7


QN3;&*LZ(@6DB]'HYDDV7U7


M%L.X-DO!




M%B#7EH+WY!K2\$+!&A5EH*7!MJ+`7O#N!*+05O0\'':KUX*0H^EK)`N;FW

MX
75N7MOU
HU[A*\%
D*7KM$.I:R0+DMS'+#2W4H':M$\6X=2L=2*BCNW2_.




MK.`GU'/WNU96\*/IN?MU*ROXG?3<_<:5%9R4

`\)K1$2\&Q3&B)EH)3
ME]`2305EX,[EXA:(]=0<Y:D]=0<Y:@]50<Y:\]50<Y:8]90<[;R
'=G

MNY

E6@H.


MR4#-60H^EH&:LQ1\
P

M7[[A'.#[1Z@?2\$7CU`_EH*/'*%^+`7?.IJ[3^)P.OB^%







@A%C
M^L%L-L/?WV`
-I4CE*.I+)#.PDQG:4PE1)*:2H5E,I4:BB-J;106E/IH'1G
M%(P8YO7TN-+!5%905J:RAK(VE0V4K:F,4$9364!9F,H22F$J)9325HHE:G4



M=X-Q[L8:-?=0#J9RA'(TE07269CI+*$L3:6`4IA*:4TE0I*92HUE-I4&BB-
MJ72XGLZ\GA[*8HK*M364-9F\H&RM941BBCJ2R@+$QE:4PE1)*:2H5E
I4

9H8RFLH.R



ME-)4*BB5J=10&E-IH;2FTD'I3*6'
IQ1



&SI?D=KV`S\+T64(I3*6$4II*!:4RE1I*8RHME-94.BB=J?10!E-905G9


M*(6IE%!*4ZF@5*920VE
I872FDH'I3.5'LIP1L&(85[IF6P,I4UE+6I;*!L
M366$,IK*#LK.5/:SV_E^^EEP-FX?H!Q,Y0CE:H+I+


+:;



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M]YSV^1^0_./#_=/I^?3EI4?)W70%Q3K/;^8WE-*G#Y\?J`;*[5=/QR\?K__L

I[-S
WC%+7W3@.B/WRIEGUN-^D-;OL^C


MN7NY^_3AZ?3KB@8:2N#YYYT:MOJ12DWWAKI_
?TC==/W2OU/I?_QFOQ$/=\S

@E*0H):@DJ5H)&@E6$JPDF`MP4:K00[?82'!S@!8OZ9`C6:&RN
M+26F289W;8W]8PZ'1H7.!HQD`1(B0#D@
R5;K!3&M+`<%DI-DH<SP1(B0#D@
I
M@)1`*B`UD`9(V0)9`5D#60#9`MD!V0/Y.`2+WHT`PE%3^%S]-CGBXX,_6%M
MXE]ZL5%BLP1(B0#D@





M
/G::KG)BV538[4X^=9#OIO5.L]QLYD6=NL_SYT=\MS9H2$MU*P[9V*JGZ@;





6TAZ$









M0BQO
C3



M7%R;3\D6.I]!;R8*5Z%1S4:F0J+&#=JT;



.UA(#U:L)JU
M+!EYEO.1&(HK5K.6-2-3.X@%E+-E&UN[B:V='XP+J\0AKA(UFE&K-'6?C\1H





U$:%:3;@NX+5K&7)Z*U+1CO!



D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(EHA6



M6*R:$ZWE;D5KI$[
V6GM6$R^
S3
WV58H&&ID?JQ.4[$
%Y9+8Y6C:C1R!G9



=&]KZ[!$=/.1'5.U;.1%]





M(MHAVB

@/X(5=

M#:+6I-/Y9B#/MB_19F5LC&_DHT%KM-H8*XZZ.2V:+,S-J\Z8V_4.F?0Q]$

M\U:C:8.H-9:VDM46QDU6X4UJFV,FDUMBVH[HV:KL#?,5N'@F?J!N[=-\;M
M/(-HYFK[B9'HUF.CQF=7QPZT0K.7TU-G

M`G=
58#5:-H@:MG2*?X2U5:LYF2Z1K4-JSFI;5%MQVI.:OL`.WBF?IS%1J`9


MM6X(^:
O^_E$:WA=+QOIT8I.EXF1)T.KW



MR42;.E5*36KNV-J9.FJY47

#JLUFC:(6F-I
UVBVLJH
MV8G

E;;02`10=&VQU;(![-+R`@@H0\


5-[9:-H!=6EX``65HF
J

M)8A21!FBW$-^&=7^2*B7X'T3IXP:V0EZ/`&4($H198AR#_EE%#L

$2)PX`3
MWBMPRJZ1'1)CK44W

D2YA_SJJ&6JX_(WJ]
M:]U9_:1#

O1SKNW-_=R]ZNN5B*A
MJO


M(KU@*9:(&5KF%RSM


U0N@

M[1$=/.0'4
R:S6#L^-IAYRE1HPH091ZR,]=S5`#DYZIXF)TU\A95[610FB



K\&%^=@
YV.
_$%:]G&L96;#;\_


MCX2=;79K)-:R
]+^5%0N81W7]3H_QZP_\)QO[L+X+4G





MR8!2ZRX?F=J`4J

IT5)


MY.N0A

ET+(0F=_B=?
MAWJD!=DL@C9T&)Q\'4J-#H&3KT.2E1I4$)'P,G7(1LZ4Z^#DGH/#CY.B0I



M_J@EAB3TY!^UQ)$'OBCEAB2Q&.:LM+3GNCK!=DL+MCTR6^AU.A13?);2)*2
M)`U*Z$%-\EO(AI[7I'8=DM3F=2N0Y*2)&500L]D4HL/V=[6B+UT#7Z@%[9
M$JEGKU%KVF)U/8**'WL$3JJ6N4T(M6(O58-4KH?2LT?0[-D^E-&R0)]4CT
MC@62!.?*(UJWT&/WH7QH1APLP8)*L`A*8I+$00F]M=*@A)Z*T^D'J?'$M!K

MH+?(1^H5YRBAE\E'ZDWG**'WE)
D.

?T:J`#G(';$8C*ENH#Z$W29%-2+(8

L

ML34T`?;(O7-,)301]JH/F')+4E:V?Z%B1%+B2A3T)2Y$(2^C(D12XDH:]!
MDM]$OH0),4G)%F09!&4Q11'WK$FM+W-
FC(0E]2)
\&I+0]S3)HR$)?5:3
M/!J2+/HT

M+W-H965T

I+W8'%8G;W62W+

MN!I-+R]^?WAY[1XE[^7%_9\OKT_?_B\DJF)1H9!)+`1_QT*JR54UN9E)&6_D
M@[6_./Z.^4;CG\DWB_GP=\HWO5I






SV@RI!FV(M$0Z(FLB


UHPVC
M+:

2+3V28W5L*0$\F27DW.

Y+GE:C





K

M1H3;2^U;1Z2GU8AF.=AJ$U(=.Z$^CHZQMAX):KH/YY^Z#U3V\J&AR870H9
M]U/'G+K'
VH9=8S6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HR.!2H5/.$I
2/9(12167=/3-!;YV2I
MY1M&+:..T9K1AM&6T8[1GM&!T;%`I5+&A?=]#4]/X09.K;S'[-TCLMW-!(MU
M3I9%C#X^CZB64W6
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
C@4J13P166!2H.X6D%IFUS&50@VC

M?G`MO/).&?/BM(E(_)O*:/Q&FU.EOMD5J+P=\?/J=I)'1*A*U0X(47TJMTZI
M=!U#JC
K[YA1K[P+5-91O+Y7QQ`-%'T@(
P2

MB&*H+*]S)S%R4%E0KIZ,95:^J14&74).14ZX:`G[*`CRIW3C-PZ)5-FU#H




MLGI#@E3_KBBF['LG/


.47_3)Z`=TO(]*U




MZB%
T'VA3XK-!A53)J0K&^.+'
^T*55&74).A4XXZ%GPQD6%HH

R*UC

AXXF&QF2/

)2+=+Q-2U8Y(
M+:E;1EUW_G)[Q+STV%@L,YL\J.&77S1R0N;F@3WAM/5XRK[*J*RJ=3Y<*
MXAXR-Y[FK-[L@?HB\)NV+&X=47$O(2-\7IJ%VIBJTJOLR#!G(5G9
XP+HIJ:

&H9=8S6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HR.!2H5/.$7Y^P7([)/

.1-J.57':
UHPVC+:


MI&0E//.CQWF(K@H58\!E5#0/KNJ8LU!QR)GZ9LNI.D9K1AM&6T8[1GM&!T;'


M'

1%34-J8H7SU!3


:1FUSM6-$SDW&)?L7*2
M`3]H@I%GNUI
_K7#.6WPI6+ZMBMK?,(_+-D_1*1W[2+


B2O4A$^IE!2G63/4L3&;8;4C]I







M
KK+$L'J_L9N595.\


M

MG=D;2X7)`L_MOI`U%I2'/;IJK$)FD/5G+@BE0[)T05-OJ$Z7@^IT.:C^
Y=#

WI+/[K3$
M(QG+WAZ6-^9=QYE]UZ)*QSGF-QLAZ9!7*4H
W9D8NC
Q*$H
@A*#H
0@*#$(
M2@QZ:F;TE*6)U?/


)V1B-`R3
J(%\[X
M`K05SDX:$H



MT$?C@B4'HNBCQ`I,4A*#)(2@Z3$(DQ2$H
DA*#I


MT$TSHYNLY1N?93Y]FN]53QNMI0TK_
`Y2YV8#I$,Z)2DQ2$H,DA*#I,0@
M*3%(2@R2$H.DQ`I

DA*#I


W395@!
ME+H%9J=+6@7AZ9Z$IDB7-$)')`;=B$$W8M-&'0C!MV(03=BT(T8=
&W30S

0@&S'(1@RR

?U_$E
MK1V+TZ7CYS80=*AO0])4&28E!4F*0E!@D)09)B4%28I!4
R.IA.Q*TF%P
MR^

DA*#I



M03?-C&X2I;NZA?]UVR'.AA-M3
EVAKJ[GSJPAL]M$V+=\AJ1R8\D\C0\



51E\HV&V*.L1&3%C6IFRA9?ZY8=G'!9=F3G




P)0CF&D(XAM&
(\1A/8:0CR'T8P@!&4+!`AH)/5]Y;IO1.56^
MBLS$-DN6-[A/U071+8E!7&+0EABD)09EB4%88M5&&0E!E6)053-2DW[X^2]
M;IF.HM?=


&W8A!

MS&DEMOX=2






M




WCKS^__J_=7^;#
M_N;UV[_^M%ZA__?IX[^_.__]ZOMO7_]]_O;IE^K3EX]RN2512PK^]O7K/Q9I


M/5

H05&H0]$H`U!
M%X(^!$
(QA!


Y$
B(YD8)(2:0B4A-IB+1$.B(]D8'(
M2&0B
KO$2YFL?6[*
`\N6.9
&79M(C2J.UD9KJB.FPH9/1%)B*1$SD0R(CF1

M-Q7&G8@D1%(B9R(9D9Q(0:0D4A&IB31$6B(=D9[(0&0D

MV

$D8IHS.CC%'.J&!4
JH8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T
M

M(AF1G$A!I12$:F)-$1:(AV1GLA`90R$9E=XJ51ID`WC5CR%NSGRAZ#9^
M9*ELRQ:CA%'*Z

EVP\W?

M&.6
D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6,!D8CHXG1[$_@\NCO9/!%^Q*E\?Z8#FT*)Q@
M@\[G465(VXE1PBAE=&:4



M$6%EA%415D=8$V%MA'41UD?8$&%CA$T1-OO
S^K2(8AEU70.O*P:1%D-^S;+



U#@'[0U


MZFJT#*K;-=C^_N'^S?V-_B\XN!QRC5-PZ!*JJZ$KJ$SHW=U]
.O5$&BPAH.U
M4%T-UEG53JZJ9FAWV`4YZF-N=_=!!@8^C#$VD)([067.^?!T^_`F6-QF2-:S

E6LOMTG@
MGZD


_?!%OF224(-P.M)^3?^DN3
MSKGUMZ(QS3MO53'(VPH8YS[IV5#+]7FH`1(RS^URL)&_%&U^G,RG8.R]FM
M8+<R,K**L)K=&G9KH=*%NF/46[1S-D8#FXV;3$]TBK#9LH?ULOE)6QISL:39
MAIW;*C#(WPH$Z\?QUHKDAM]67%K%3JI725`;F:MEZ(S5*[][G`;[-(SE<$_
M!Y+9?SLPNDT*J#1D12$#!Z&*Y4A9`UT-60#E89L@1[6!Z#'FW!ZU2`8#V0
MV@R
1J#@9()FW*0R^
]`ET[&JZJE=^16U7.[@%7OKRL6N;L`B]Q=`*
8IF[[#(G?*ALBOU


M_0G0I75E_60AA4HO\ADH6
JUE6F,H3,@:Z&+*#2D50$)(F`WO%]-/J&B.O

]`




M*;ST@IRA4J^




MX@SL-?+`B=$



M?T_S=8)*40*DBUT*I-?@#*0#
T8YD`XL&)5`ZE4QJH'TN!H@M6^!U*MCU`/I

M-&(+Y$:




`W6VR8'4JVO
M$BH=6#&J+7(_W&_8K.61':,^8C:PV
M10JH]A*(_D_D!3@FUUZDZDQLBK(1NH-&0+Y(:




Z^P)WJG=&KGVOO;S%'\P+C@3F.9L7;%XZ
M(W7^D)DG.+_*T2%C0C7=P8<M'7




MC'H@]1K8:X1*O29&\M?

QT=


GV=ES4
M5FB@TH-H@=R(=$*=JAQ!U*O@=$(Y-K34VJ@OT
0IF';Y1O;,UPW!_]*6
M(;$;WM@G)V9\`R5NPK3U]]D0;#()B*'D6:NL
@)5T)U-5SEA-.)0:Y4L*VH

.&BW.I




MH^B@NE]?''W:/X9?B=!#H3?1P-%&J-S#I&@35
$Y!_F?(7/-W/S[-1[T-Y^=


M^FFLD@/X7A/Z,0H890R
M.C/*&.6,D8EHXI1S:AAU#+J&/6

IPA+(BR-L'.$91&61U@1866$51%61U@386V$=1'61]@086.$



M5?;IT:PN/

+.$99%6!YA1825$59%6!UA382U

M



M+5\-NWU`*140O+=XLB-%ABN8







P5XE5.I5



$B]$F\%)VA


M[N_IEQ

MS/MC'^Q6L%L)E2[=%:



:B#U:H#4JP52KXY1#Z0#!T8CD'I-C&:@];C\
M;%WH%

B\8+N'NH2?
M
=`+*=_W'7R]A\H0


ME`!I+SX%TFMP!M(W0C-&.9!Z%4#J50*I5\6H!E*O!DB]6B#UZACU0#IP8#0
MJ=?$:`9:C\O/EBP5T6PM/,B605[O0+X;+[@)C\M7@\M(F=Z77_6ZEZUU\QZ




]`ZT

M]


MM

8

M$[18)I7!?P:Z=$9^85WHXSUQ'\\B;XFW?3S-UPDJ10F0+G\ID%Z#
Y`.S!CE

H=+'ES.0?9H.[M!
?XQ0.9:%(Q*
M(/=4[A^

ZC_*=%'RPS!KE/\E;E?I3/*`'2.R6UR-L4
M&'O'*\-`W4WD0'HE_8JH=*!%:



M%9VADAM@FW1VAX?@TX)

`J%2!8#:0V
M#:

3V^

O-M'?ZEC&VEW

\-@]M7:H`#2!%0`DPYP`

MK#3PLE\X//`[@:X&
:7.;
Q8G2W]NL@'2
LJ&NX[P=Q-`YB[:X@PJ1OC9]YS

M-U;EKF&T1

M=TQPDE((VX]A+85`-E('Q*0.MK%7CEY*8Y
AA)0&V4EE$)/*V
9&CEZ*9/LQ

MKE^0VPN]Q-T--Q/!O/X!_?T/J):HZVKS_';!AI(!J$?)N8'^=L$P?]K7P4NT
!:7'X3;!</\[4+P


M


MR2?!YD&'/CJ5JK`2KRH
\QZ4H;L:40K%VID'.=FR[L+?CI:ZH9!2-Q12ZL;J

PDN5O22\%-X67E
A


MPQP_*3/RDYHRS#D^J1ORD[HA/ZD;\I





MZ!`CC[!B8QJCW-CU&)6C0XPZPIJ-:8QV8T&

6[

M0


M
:1

MOS7


M
.=\)8?NV&!V6?I`T1R:!I&?0\.\EZ3H3[+L;JU*GD2=3PB#XI;599-AFI9$
M6Z8[#$DT

TIE2&J5!+92241DTJ*A-@='H/?1I7J


M8J0*5(
`4@840
J``D@9Z&='612N9;J0T5(HH4AXWB[LMH




M
U%2:T9ZW^M.BZ!
!IL

M'Z!

MEW#5C%=[7&5U


L5[@@8M0`&U@#;&`-L$$D+V_=





0:+
M[U#B&6-X9K!X=?&

3QCN?C#&/X8+!X+2X/5PPR6B_K&4-]R4=\8ZELN2X
Q
ME!XL'A^R6CUDM5PT-(:&.;=HV
986PW[?&M=&L;
*Q\YZIT56?!'5-YCF-D0

M8;!ECS!8_H&;D[
WD\7^XJT8^V@]AW=BJ=[[#?LP6=3[*);J?1)+]3YOV)?)
MHMY7L53OFUBJ]WW#?DP6]7Z*I7J_Q%*]WQOV9[*C7M&VC:AV\%=GUTM\%@
\S<6`#8P=M.(.+4
M`UN

MG2U?A[X;+(9O^


?JX1W+
MQ2?&\(G5PQ16#U-8+LN(


79O)K^.5N3@J1XSL@



]8*]FW'Y*DWE

M[
]DFZ
!L]'].G+\H6K8QUW+1J
:[A7'XT


0S1V;K-\(+(;\FL#L80V@LB:X?I$2*K)2.C


MZL\PM4!]:X'ZQE!_YK9WS*E^F0HKS``5QPI6B..$


8






(EHOV

;3-]8JV;:*4M(T]0A\UK1IVMNP1





2&

#?9QQ_J@:L/
M](K6EYMRX2I:1V#2VB%:.T1KAVCM$*T=HK5#M':(U@[1VB%:.T1KAVCM$*T=


Q9#2&BL80
;.B
M89N#;37L`[)5P\%BP(B&QM#0&!H:0T-C:&@
#8VAH3$T-(:&QM#0&!H:0T-C
M:&@
#8VAH3$T-(:&QM#0&!IF5C1L@Z&MAF.FM!Q?.TOG'&@X6/X0CRNMRG77

/M)ZY8FAM/=!ZQEWK@?XS3O70WQCZ

M*AD3.


M`V/8(+-B@S:823:(9:!/;%:Y!WM@RQ_:WI;7Z-6)7W0^/K?BE%\O'H[1''


J.T1EAZ@L.+-162Q*


P
M7&`
%ZC4U9880W&CY8/]
A0^L?K8Q!@V4:VK/7&.XGK/4_V).6QDU7&1
5RD

89ME!P5
M\8A@5

QSBC`Y79QC#&9Z
&1QB!LO&#

M-X;ZGHS4#I':LI':&%)[
G(Z1


(;\D7QX_N9%.:7!#!&B^IC!
M:F$&8Y@ADEO]\Z76QQH1HOI8PVIA#6-8(Y*O+PP1IR:XQ0KB%F.X)9+;DZAW
M+L


MRT9[8VCOR:CM$+4M&[6-H;8GLQ`X1%K+1EIC2.O)R.D0.7/V*N?CWP:*QQ_*
UFB<W8#



MDY\;]DM

X`X1W+(1W!B>S+J.D1=RT9=8ZCK
MR


M1(CJXPZKA3N

X`X1?


4/[UE/]
M$$)L&3%








MXQ




@3U7/`#0YQ@V7C!F.XP9-1

`8

ME

$$:0.F
J80)CF&`D7W\:^+BU`1?6$%\80Q?1/+UE2#BU`2K6$&L8@RK

M
9+3L1$3.

L;?2II6S;L%'%JC)TZ[!(5

F(YO.


MG&#9.


MQ_1HD5

P2/Y.'V_X_MZ

4

M.#7!+580MQC#+9%\K
3\

V98BZG$





NMSS<*C#,??88HSR6F`Y79QG#64J.BMA(
_$-.3C
'N[J'P`01(W=C`FN`8QA@D@^
M&MR_N%DFL66@@T$B0=TPB%7&(

M7QP4
6J`@W*QLB*T\=K606

A(D8-
(05PQ#&
$0DQ_N?SZ'+

M9!SB$(=811QB%7&()^
&A[A!
(8'K!E6$ND5&!_EH+-#=.ZPOY!%YS9/2CK/
M4?5)



&PB-NC+W/



9P1R5=6

P3T9=1VBKF6CKC'4]626`H?(F;.+G&WHLY5S


)JX0ICN*2KSP)C!)Q:H)1K!&
891



M[SE077Y
N&BS^0S27\E?


9VEBCC&*^(0ASC$
M*N(0JXA#.L

SR-LQ
M;LK'A

E+AUMN








]:T:/PZW*Q0O*Y?_H?#F7MQO^B$!E
MXP_!JYWQ3(]+G?&




UQ97BBT[D`'3



0&5A$;6$5L
M
)+3Y95([A#)!TQO#@X+5A)]%1@O)'HZ1
\.=Q=#MHWQ5L_C#V5'.5D^3)[\
MY&3&73U@O3ZG.*GY1C`M_F\W[)W8

#7YN&&?Q'31Y=F^U?$Y
MAZC^%\%4_^N&?1-[YDE\SW%J\D


#*B.T1TJXCH5A'1/1F9'2)SKEAD;F.J)//<



C\

L&&/2M2P88NMV


MDG/M/F+8=
1)^?U=+4?4[D.7.YY%]NWSZU-+J/L9L64_
^`ESEAP:H?G=#;`






M;41V`,1V$.T1@*XG`'HC#I'8(1I;233V0$1VB

MK)W(S7?L8SF$H?((XY@BG5#9(2H[1&7!F8W*8E$2E1VBLD-4%IPE45DL2J*R
M0U1VB
JLR0JBT5)5':(R@Y16761&6Q*(G*#E%Y@47E-F79JMS'+ZO*@[5#




(8M


5N_''\H9Y-B^$7%7[4O=!T''KPA^'H'



QC#
M#)Z

2H`1:P
M!EC`&!:(Y-;@]K&N-Q@B0E0?0U@M#&$

M@E^?K5LF+!


:0WY

([TF
$A9NAP
M-8





`*8@-CV2VQOHWK[

^NS#2.@



M
IM;A_2X/WN1H





H@=86H$

F]XG%KY_

MQ4:$D8@L/

HC?IN'W3)Y;BM/MD_TL!?YGD#K@OU7#?]/P?R;/

FY^?:MEX0DG%J`B%6$$!

&
QFG)C!C
M!6'&-)B9R?.@\=LG3\ONK5V9P5

MW





+-H[Q8V_

MF+!J
&$:3


C+`XSC/7_LN=^ZM?\^)TAP@Z_0RSKXMN-AM^9?%D9^NX7\S-Y3'?



M



R?R;O+.6';!`-O0@


M\#RULL``[Q09H&JAA-00QY?`)0)FB-S-D\;R%%KA`C](A1Z14BSBI!F%2'-
M*X*55X0BJPA%5A&*O+(2

U

_VN0X_XL7
9AN!]B
MV3'BOFFXG\D7HGFXX;3





FH)8B&%60VQ
MWK:(S3G=@MC4EN]X/4^QX`$S+L)

MP#0XR.3+.M-O^P)%1J@\4%@IH#`-*#+YRGN`DXQ3$SBQ@G!B&IQD\O8]`$U&




MQ%RRT^OY/5.?.Q;*;?2BM0O9-6O_C\?B=^D%@J?I16*GZ25K]!_GDG?I%8

\50Y
L




M^FMGLQ._6_8/&
TTGYB1]A:1L1+

M&20.H`50

M0RP+
9]]T[`[DT?Y.__M-]S/&#7`?2N&^Z;A?B:/!@]]2`H*&:'RH&E0,$T
M4,CDZQ_]C%,3Z+"T&$:=&3RY2`]W'87@5CU`!8:K$&RYA7;6'1=.OX1/]W


DK9VSKG3LI1+`X_C6M3O2IYO%$??(\[.
M:ZP`&2?V

S^4H3.
@X-8$#*P@'IL%!)H]/T'-_T!0H

M`85I0)')H[S=R(0C%!Y+%2$&(:A&3RY=7S`[-MG0:8C%$#@*G%&C!C5K4%




M8
-]DU:K?A])_Z06K^W&B_I-6*OW?B'XE1L=DY9CR[3_]I3H3J

`TJLO[59:#$J0F@6$%`
0U0LLG^38!-AJ@^V-1:#9LQ
M2MIB


'AQ!^::3<?H*#U`$JK!I4F`85
WDY4'PKJGW1'5(R4%T@98J+'WYO



?^M6&M

M
EX!16$2BL(E!X


MMS8^/=RU

M'SP^C9_$79]*![4

MEX2V+3FTNBV16']_YKP1WZ28Z6\E+FAMLM\KL#Y!^'%+/E18BGY25K-_KP3
MOZ28);]*+6_2:O/77[?B3\D+LO


C&?OV)C8\T]'K=QVXGDT*
]^87EHY63S

\G:
W+94

M$22L(DC

M.!?44^;)KUZ.N'IBMI







%/FSUUHI69]OU7









M'AA8'!B8!@95:QB
P4S!(*_&8F*S+@-3&S\D6+UMRQVGD`B\?6D\?
3%0_CW



F?.L.6=8:M+)B=[?DO<



K(Q_C
TZ(8'R(S'2DX;MI+F9
M/!YQNN_?Z02C%`I(+!2
&`:#&3RY0DJ_Q7*$J'R`&&EX










-\VYKN(^1(O)9O38X#5
MG6Z/TO&KY'[RF-.P]BC=@TTX9_+RX*1KV!T%2QQNSR:YPV
%L3C

MJX?7%H?5IN&T:3AM]7#:XC#:-'PV#9NM'C9/;7E\;B-B\Q*YVCQ^E:;:?)Q'
+^&W9^&T:?GLRYKJ(N9:-N:9AKB=CIXO8
M6;.;G6/FM;5S_$.W

M823$E1'38


MTT7LK-G-SC'8VJX0FG@=6^?_SNS5PKGE


MA*(





G9A)]7;X

A`=8&.$%^85@.



M*Y7



M:PPQ63`;/YYM2E+BU!B(_JDQ2XPUAJM=X]T2DW%J#&I6$-1
`[5
SG?'^*G-
MT


MX@J6EX0B%Z'(2X)


MXT

WK:HC7_H

1<6H
'E80/$P#
MCTS.)KR]=AT%
AFH+B`3XM_G`EI0K#


MB_ANV?AN&KY[
AZ[B

S:H;BZ&[$/%[9G





M4)WAXY\Z@XQU!IDLN'2V

@YH&:.F@!8B



$QMG97?WK3+QU?G(^Z%B]D2)_AP/1J7ZXNW&^V=


M5*L\K6!YB64M93$S#\DR^GKOGOJ4`(R1KA#@!5C





MBHMW^L!OP;4A'S36GHW&
0\K-+Z\Z
0`;:5T:LLO!S[/21NWF
41BX[$O(X!
MN!!Y1EJ!`!=:.20`I^2L%T2LR(X645PLHK@I.2L#L2LR*X6$5PL8K@HN2L



/LY`XO7+N*UBWCM(EZ[
NXC7+N*UBWCM(EZ[B-<NXO4B+E[?W?QE
M#AG_L

M=^*WG?A])_[8B3]WXJ^=^'LG_FEB\WJ
E#:?Z[L;S9J.






N1*PU?K@:]'7%WJ3VUXC=='G.KAM6EX;3WP^HB[
MU@/_CSCUP'_3\-]ZX/\1M_1H3]'`Q!&G'C!A&DQ8#Y@XXK+'W6U[1`A,CCU

#GB\JV?

ML#C\-PW_J];\'X.7XO]+TY6[\3R)+1^AK5R$=LLE0+D2[W\9#RZ..!U/N#`-

XZA\Y^/I^0CD[V7IU0VD$F,(S$K5Q?QIE+29
M2B5'114&!7!SJ6==213!3<E2$*8E1$8BL(A!912!2<E2$&(E1$3HD1B0H
M6$E0\$!\'R(WNNKLXG
7%W^QZO2\39&JS_
?E.DQ=5/;IT^'MNPEV$_E`P^6



Z`)'&W
VQ99]A2;N[L=S_E.#4&-RL(;:9!
MVZH)UY$R*X3`%07)1XZ_!F*`^WIIC7!\KB

MD3BAM2CY3H&'N^CS/L0H^4%B*OE16L[^M!(_AQ@EOTA


C'
M^-&#.#&)\5U

49!=-`P9-9`ES$?
O&?-
P

0%[_RMV]\F%ZQ(D$3.]B6O]X_9N&Z9$<+RN?&4\P@1JZ`(/'6E:]_

M)P.
BP`C




M&D!X

MJ0D(64$0

[0PS
M/2YUAAGEELYV\T8*5&<X4O9N9]BRSKEW/OK.ZKSY7[W9@*XBP0]`[BSRG!G



M&2)KSDB^S\
+UIRR..%\!`I
G!\BG\)'F]6:T^/2Z@P



M/-Z7^XYQ?3GGS=;B3CND3@^^L1C^



MK88/#_4WQGB91X@6!$SO8B(;STW#\T@.WFS/!081IR9@8`6AP#0HB.2=)H`1



PU#7
]&3M=Q


#`$N0H!E0X!I$.#)V.TB=ELV=IN&
MW9Z
MR[BK67CK6EXZ\G8Z2)VYNS9SKM;L\SK`V4G


MG3]**YTOS\MN^%




3P!


+U$P&MO1@5#$J3$(=3$5!'30B2HXD='51%
MG)I`U1!O'ET!K8W+EJ-.=H$6M?*OF,$IDTEQ\70:B+Z?A!R#00\F1X

73P8.%X%CB&EOQ
IA)2'!L['=16RW;&PW#=L]&8]=Q.


L,6E$P.ML:FT1I\;09@6A

M
6T(6&:ZR-/6
2\Q-?FPT#Y*:TW:L/-07E:?<HJ?Y:8JG]9:%^E

M%A@776`8(SU.M9X&
'0Q'20PF`8












M4Q
8L((P8!H

MDDAN1W%^?GE6!J]`$S%J`#2Y6(&FC;.6T(PYUP1-U\I.0(%QD04)%T&BBS
2
MIH&$)^._B_AOV?AO&OY[





M'$;K5/'=2L1[JXCWIN&]5\1N%[';LK';-.SV9+QU$6\M&V]-PUM/QDX7L3-G
)=?%E3P20U05,)/).;SO'=I,)Z%AGT%'NKC_0%'%J#$VY8*&I3:P2
M34]^F?@\1EP395V;-PX*3#]@`#X:D,4--.#319ZEGC*+1M<24N#CR?#B(KQ8
M17BQBO#BR1#B(H1810BQBA#BR=#@(C1(C#$'UEM)K%=@G#-\=A&?N]A/9/&Y
M39JS\?SLX;BO_RO?_[?+_X.D?'W8T^X9H
%:?.?#*A?X&`MZ;G'!Y[.QOGA
*BX-2YG&THC$!UAD)5W.T,F(K;
M.@-F%)PZEWMI@#4U1E85?%6YP)P&X\E@+<ON/)G2)S4KM7OOU_*.@VJ(WGZ
M_OM!$N/A,'1)U[

&X<
M69D<@$L$J@NX#''_R#(.D-0%(S.MF
-(SW9$QV$9.'V)]D
ZMN7`P
?WB!.2^-[%M*_E*F(:
MZT8D1Q/`+]-94(A`=0$%B2RTVU.T/11X6&?P4.ZXC:L.(6$E(M025JP4J)@&

MAJQKY:V2`O.
)BX`J6#0JF
M@8(GX[N+^&[9^&X:OGLR'KN(QQ(7G[:V7VA;&GI]H$Q9I4V__W:L-VN_/F.


&GR6F!E\6VE=I3\Y7TZE4D^]*3DU^++2?TG04]_XW@A?E?RNM

?\/LK(TC;W_<^!/MKOT<-`#TE_


ZJH3'W



NXC7+N*UBW@]B<7K





M39M['


=#JI7X9DZ1\:1[:C$F/:[^V

MCCU`!/3P
1Z@
D6-_4H
MYQ=
MCCU`!/3P

MQC1GXJ)K

-%C&!_HA
-$


`_!17GDRYVL.D`OGW]I.!TQZ7


BZ[B
L2KT^R

MZIU+0!`1*@\$5@H&3(.!2.[ERW85()Y0'2L&#:?`0R?&ZM5,$(A&G)B!B
M!4'$-!)Y.O6_URWEP`3(:H/
+E6X:4-XI:\C`G=]/ZI:_






MW@+C&@I$R@X1B

-Y?`9%I0.3)$.
BQ%@VQ)@&
9[\:25AR+SUL%+@H(





+V+\_)O&J9'\DX3.(@X





M(K&]B_

MO-

.
MPD6`Z.(


('^I
\Q89YB)@M'97NQ@%'%J#$96$(Q
`Z.1S&BQ



WQ(W.T



MQF\)R:?7GC&OFW8S79M_DN91@[VX10


M(NY+7.UGVL2L6EV^8]!^$

MI






(:P(0I@%$).\T
M@9&(4Q
8L8(P8AJ



TT

8;^RX
GB




H5Q)O'5Y!


AZ[B






M@TANAW$XET\)@2(B5!XHK!1

M8!-!Z@`VN5JAIDW?EM2

%(R7].%2__@)&$6@.H/17^H
6M89






]]_5E#1[V;
`CL8KSI9&B(DX-888*_AEH0%,).\T
M@:&(4Q,8LB8P9!H,17(T\7,(5Q&H+G`UQ)OGL*P=;=V1&V

MQ#S:9^T8V6DK`D1=G'8=K@&1)P.

M^.XBOELVOIN&[YZ

M)R*QO8MI[63M



MNE;V#R



M)


M-T8NOSO3I^R/A_IWEK`\@D0DEG?Q'+?L8'G7T@4$RR/YVH$[B9Z5N2L(1)`Z







M7
1]R\9]TW#?DUD!7

PU#7
]&3M=Q

MLSU0WP0

BS&&FX;AD=P:
MG/@3)?:&
\6H`?Y;

MB&D`


)MV)EV;?O7W

M(K!816QBLBY*@(&1*C(AA813PBF@Y*B(YQ*C(C;GBK/-;1*Q:_.OO_\;

MNS\US+8'_N'?__P?_^V_O#C=G__XS?]:`7_LOCUVW:#Z8Y?VV'6D5Q^[NSO^





M=8;ECW^9YN]U!QFEKD//2@_5%Q2L]%`




FS_HMI@W@=!ML8

M\6\UX-NBWG/
M!]T.F+




M;7;V)V/;FJ62L7?-4LG8MF:I$7-695_0:M9(AENS1C*TFC62H=6LD0RW9HT1



M#*UFC7P^W)HUDJ'5K)$


M5KQS%J`96CD+T`RMG`7HY\
M9P&:H96S`

M9)P%Z/7AG;

-O/=?#-ZS7?SS6@SW\TW
MH\U\-]^
7O/=?#/:S-F*9BQ[YMKK[`%KG[GV8BQ[YMJ+W6648NS=F7NWV%-&



2GU?!O99[.MC%+7[6248GO95[.#C%+7'6648B?9]Y`YJW+M
M:#5K)$.K62




MFC4&[-59]5KOU\\EC%(

96LT:
MR7!KUA@PUO[=:S_;%TKUY2*C%+O*?IK=9)2Z[BZC#)BSZK7.@C^6KV:-9&@U

MR=!JUDB&6[-&
K2:-9+19F=_
GKM[$]&FYW]R6BSLS\9O7;V)Z/-SOYDO'P^

-90#.]\C]`
?WR?

Z8-2KY



MX=:LGPRM9OUD:#7K)\.M63\9/3.;OE3^9.UFTV2\3K-I
I[/;)H
[V;39&CU



M3L:/D'


M;Y/19N=M


MZCK^V?F7?4&K\R\9;IU_R=!J?DF&5O-+
MR:7T;
]V1N%_;WC!):_5XM&5J=
M?_F8N'7^)4.K\R\96IU_R7#K_$N&5O-+
K2:7Y+AUOPR8LZX7#M:_5XM&5K]
M7BT9;IV-R=#J]VK)T.KWHB/FK%K6#




?$[=FC61H-6LD0ZM9(QENS1K)T&K62(96LT8R
SK
Q^3I1
MY]F89#R?YU^2\3(\OY3L+J-47WB=GE$:


.[9YM&C/_3VVM'JV=J
MLF=HY?_T-L

K_Z1TQ[ML$J[
_CR4


M#[?\G]YF:/4L3O8%K?R?WF:XY?_T-D.KYVWR
='*_^D=
=8'J_6=7#MNBYUE

_&5I?=%OW0
$M



T



4^Y11BK%?_`PB&?O%

MQ[Q-[V33Z;WRX%U&*?:048K]RBC%GC)*
=ILMIG5]^@GKZ/4==\R2K&SC%+L
M(J
4N\HHQ7YDE&(L;7)]]7G/VNLH==U&1BGV*:
4V\HHQ78R2K&]C%+L2T8I


M[N?#+=F[&5K)WLW02O9NAENR=S.TDKV;H97?G4:






MO





\S=#*&9YF:.4
3S/


M9WA&C+5_]]K/]H52?;G(*
6N
MLI]F-QFEKKO+*`/FK

MR:-9*AU:R1#*UFC62X-6N
F+
J[WV#
M5K-&

K6:-9&@U:R3#K5ECQ)Q5N7:T



M'LX+-V/9?M__4M]/LW:_TT_&LCTCD8SMYQF)9+CU'$0RE'L.8L0F67T_39L]
8T1
M\PQ!]@6MGB%(AMM)M]5/M$ZZ+8;62;?%<#OI=L`\0_!2YP30ZAF9&CU#$$^
M)FX]0Y`
K9XA2(96SQ`DPZUG)*AU3,$R=#J&8)DN/4,P8AYAB#7CE;/$1#


MH=4S!

PC&3]'?O:4

6V
M

M*?8MHQ0[RRC%+C)*L:N


M%EAE1=IL]L[KZ+79.QEM-GLGH\UF[V3TVNR=C#:;O9.Q;?U=)AE[U]]EDK%M



9;LT:^7RX-4\DPZUY(AEN

T


^T\IIE9(QENS1K)UCX?;NOY

M\4.
MP6.\IP.V#.JES?R;5_-\.M62.OPZU9(QEN



_&=O6+)6
O6N62L:V-4N-F+
J^X)6LT8RW)HUDJ'5K)$
K6:-
M9+@U:XR8LVK6O_MZSYQF:#5KY&/BUJR1#*UFC61H-6LDPZU9(QE:S1K)T&K6
M2(9;L\:(.:NR+V@U:R1#JUDC&6[-&LG0:M9(AE:S1K/%N[-J5N_)#QENBSUE
MNV&5K-&/A]NS1K)T&K62(96LT8RW)HUDJ'5K)$,K6:-9JX/5NL[R7!;[S#

M3.+
M%^_UF0!K9Q8W8^W

M:V9_

MM)(UFJ&5K-$

K6:

;*0T8I]BNC%'O**,4V
M^^;1DE'WO^LV<GKSLVN
M97C\G+)]
VXS$Y(]&O\UM&J37P
IRIR2XR2EW'
MZ^2
1+

M

+G67LW0$S%V1?<&LN2(9;9W\RW)K=DN'6[)8



9





MV:-9+@U:R3#K5ECQ)Q5J\H3




-4LE8]N:I4;,695]0:M9
M(QENS1K)T&K62(96LT8RW)HU!HQ[9,'J/?FY\/Y9S=!JULC'Q*U9(QE:S1K)
MT&K62(9;LT8RM)HUDJ'5K)$,MV:-`6/ML.K+V;[@MMA%AMMB5QENB]UDNUV

M\7V
MP6.\AP

C

]<V8TMS#]IF

M9J)D]
QLDXS78L9
QF-R#U-*^(
YQU[J'O
P[FO;Z^-'B'N?-N-U+GR=U1=^


M1QFEV$E&*?8MHQ0[RRC%+C)*L:N
4HQE+UQ?[7F6YL]TLK6/2:G'W
@HQ3YE
ME&);&:783D8IMI=1BGW)*
4.



MSJI%S:JUUU'J.GKM[$^VE5'J.MKL[$]&KYW]R6BSLS\9V]8LE8R]:Y9*QK8U

46_N8E'H^
MW)HUDJ'5K)$
K6:-9+@U:R1#JUDC&5K-&LEP:]88


7V
MLJ]F!QFEKCO**`/FK
KUG5P[;JMG:#5K)$.K62



M&7O7+)6
;6N6&C%G5?8%K6:-9+@U:R1#JUDC&5K-&LEP:]88
6?5O.8*6LT:
MR=!JULC'Q*U9(QE:S1K)T&K62(9;LT8RM)HUDJ'5K)$
MV:-$7-6Y=K1:M9(

OZNPF-5[\J^
4NPIHQ1#JUDCGP^W9HUD
M:#5K)$.K62
9;LT:R=!JUDB&5K-&LK/KH]3Z+C)*L:N
4NQ'1BEVDU&*W664
M8GL9I=B7C%+L(*


+\G0:G[)QT2K^249ZLPOR5!G?DF&.O-+
M
O287Y*AQ_R2C!\O\\N(F5]R[6@UOR1#J_DE&6[-+\G0:GY)AE;S2[/Y.[-Q
M_E[OK0_9;[.GC%+7H76FV]H3N#6_)$.K^2496LTOR7!K?DF&5O-+
K2:7YJY


K6:
9;LD:

M:#.SOQEM9O8WH]?


MCG]V5F5?T&K62(9;LT8RM)HUDJ'5K)$

M:R1#JUDC&5K-&LEP:]9(AE:S1C*TFC62X=:L
6+.JEP[6LT:R=!JUDB&6[-&
M

'PKAB]@W-5J1!*0^(#DYF_Q


MJ)%M9@TU8LVLH4:9T_O5J'5ZOQIE3N]7H\SI_6K4.KU?C3*G]ZNQ[/3B-YM[


MKT:9T_O5J'5ZOQIE3N]78]MFEE)C[V:64F/;9I:Z



M^\88%[

\;8WP6


2N[VOBPW^/K+-K*'OPSA3

ES/&^LS8@S?V

M:XQZFFTQ]J?9'F-_FATQ]J?9(\;^-.MCK
]LB+$^LS'&_C2;8NQ/LWN
_6DV
MQ]B?9E6
_6)6Q]@O9DV
_6)68NP7LS;&?C'K8NP7
W+G[**;GD5#[IQ/Y$:V
M_

S@:CU*[76^Z@U9_2XE1@7.[^'


MY7Q%-[+E?$4W8N6
)3=BY;Q*-[+EO
I+XSQ`7SNQ9H;6NA`KYSFZD2WG.;H1

M'-W(EO


]NH$6MF&S5BS6RC1K:9!]6(-?.@

MF36N++U*UT?NF374B#6SAAJQ9M90(]O


]F[F:74SA@7NX]_
MG%[U8KV*

4FIL

_D\X:1K1FQ
M9M;09Y)M9@TU8LVLH4:LF374R#:SAAJQ9M90(];



C6;(R1[86E5^GZIJS][D:VF37T/K+-K*%&MIDUU
@V

7?G:M1G29E]2((+_[^MGG%^ZCGI8M]7SA9[MJ
ME#FSC1IESFRC1IDSVZA1ZQ=^MJM&!)E[U/@2RMRCQI=0YAXUHLOO#'VV/UNQ

MI.O#




UA@7
ML^?M4^;DFWT]G#'69\;^S)RLSZQC7.Q]38R+68EQ
6MC7

M
5NR=NII:U]CU--LB[$_S?;8[G;$V)]VWR/&_C3K8ZS/;(BQ/K
QQOXTFV+L
M3[-[C/UI-L?8GV95C/UB5L?8+V9-C/UB5F+L%[

M)??

]S)J[
%\+Z/&/LOW


;,*&J4.3.*&K7.'*)&F3.'JWO&4
^6:M:(59NM$

MO*:U+OUO8J;*+$]KX:HL%&!*+!1U%?HPZBO$8#1'6-1HC-:C1![%6C&6*K

MM08+LJBLR*:R([O*@1PJ#^1Y(72
-VO@YQNM7:7B:94^K48:E8(4E19I53JD



A^(72
5^O;




T*@4I
K=OTQ:5%=E5#N10
MJ?[$;ZC\R?I/Q3V5WE



MK

BH
B&3RAVYJ\S(K%(AE4J-UH-
MTJ@4I*BT2*O2(9W*PDDGBQ[(LB*;RH[L*@=RJ#R0I\J)G!?!.D'T'!/I??4
M2*-2D*+2(JU*A_0J`S*HC
BH


%\)



MK

?1PB8I[*KVG1AJ5@A25%FE5.J17&9!!941&


C3N14J7A:I4^K
MD4:E($6E15J5#NE5!F10&9%194+N+JSTKBN=D5EE01:5%=E4=F17.9#C0N@8


Y5![(0^6)/%5.






O_FO_QW[Y^_?Y__^6GG__\T[^_?ONO/W[[^/C^\W\+
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`EE)P!O

M:&5E='



MGTQN9A/\.YN\O5C=7-[^!0L$.UX'_ITM5G_Y




@X$\!(H0*$.@H$Z!)H0:$.@

M(0A)4D(R0GID)*0BI:D(:0EI.D)V0@9%PB7I:A-[/

JD''8PZ$\F6

M2$_(0
BX1+S\0\?#RC\''_-/GOEF0JZ#INW6?_NV)Y6DVQ&R)R0FY$!(0DA*
M2$9(3DA!2$E(14A-2$-(2TA'2$_(0

M3TA




M-)A?W;V]N/;+VUZ

7H
M&
XO;&X^83'Q(S6#FW$

T$$@M4_8*Q65


'+4ZA
0I9B=C9D)2H-


MW-2]?1M6F(E*Q#L52(TR]LY%)=YA.2Q4(

]0_)`WMU=7P3/K%E(

M=H;NM`W9


!2=LO8+3=2%@96LEO%;K6H




\@JW[11E%\'8YJ*4Q
F<<+A?5V7`%
MA5M=!)VM4HPT7

MCB(X!O

E0Q5[U:QJ&&H9ZMBK9]7`

HV[=4AZ\F=YPQ&@

MY+WX:/45
W00./D4YFB:(FHIFA7[RXO@NY1*@J-EC&4W0V6B$J_U?LN^!!
ME2);FM'8OA*57E@MT#(AW7

M/XKB&
TK@&[UEE4`C[C?$

MPXG?.

MT-VQZKD

MQ?/

55PV4S=!B&)&+ZFSL8A%;*Z[5*IQ!
M+BTWJM\JOHS:2LC=@\5EN%4*[VXN@OY)*SYZTQU'ZT5U]J:'(-HZ7!(QBLTQ



9$4
M:Q#5%.OJXBYH@T<1&T$Q@YFX7-XT

M(/4:!3IZ^55%
(MXJBIXPO!J@KP!Y%TX-MS.*F\$N:)YQ9W*9#RP%PC%_-P0


H%TB&99=!UZQ0@=Q+*9`Z5PS5

M&U42M+^:(7TAXAGR@,E32A#L)2@?0!9NR5BTH3%@R5`JE7Q5ZUJ-2K8:@5

MRO


\^SC#+TPCIQ5+N(IGZD2VXE*!CK<3-!,8RQI
MM%X['0V6*JTT`R*'2I-0Y8R@7Z&RP0E0O#1%MC0S&@EZK65D)YO(RIY
MOD$;U0JO=]PQU`NTO$B*-8CJ-)`


-0*I%X=

M]^*SS.+Y`A0ZB.KL



MY-]?J4BFR4*O(IGG#[7IVZ(B.)9#'13M9LC[05)D.L**9VCQ$`ZB4K/$
$M%
MIF89F^6B4K/,M95K%9S:K&
&M%IE?6L5DO*KVRP3`;168
)-W4W;FL#'Z0
M=%O.A+7



[E4G*/4






MME.9-@1S1

+ZFWL+DOYA*2L7L;
A
5!HR?R8D=2`H

1D4)F$'
7LN9!^
MT0QF#D_M%L\0HFYPG1%OSNDZR.CM+)+IG;=7M&'&;B&1:][/V'(W#@FGK^9!
S-!RTTZ;@C:Z3CUWB&EM,_,[3<O(QL)3=
G;+C92%@97L5K%;


ORMD)BH-F:N7

M*I.0HY@]%](OFL'LY*G=X5G(FPGR%D/0-AVSZ(6?.F:5M$Y7;_$AX^+3J'=!




H5R@LZ$+
M44VA5]?T

M'KS8H\B/H?TB^


C4J5<KD'IU#/4J=<@D'J-`AV]_-QZ
M9C)TS9.A







STHWN;BH

M^M-:WW`[^KW8:)46
W00Z.R0)Q'5/

LZY4($XEP*I<\50+1Z*:=A






M*T0E=Q9N2EJ*0(-5#-4G0W6B.H4++BS5@0:K&.H%^ALL$%44S
_()W=Q3!
M
9A?RMP\G%7*YCD['9!L;B?(&_E-T*(5V
VJY:^$`NFMQ@P=!-)142*07D0J



_\=%:+98+4.@@JK/CE22(AL8^G.85'[7..%HNJK/1

UOZ/X'*/Y









4CUW=C
M!EWRR/77F
'`&LRQ8QP4-XRHD7



M%H-I#^2/Q6#V`_EC

(T5NYH#C
M8.H(3\=B
S-YD,/F&$F*E.8!QLRKL
MAM\AD`M6`X*?(Y`+%H-?)9`+%H-?(O66`Q^@L!;8C&83<;]6/4UYH:1<Q:#

.YC5_X4*HL9@_&_1[#:?`#'TJ5

M\+

M`OEC

5@/A?RQ&R+0HUD,5A1AF=@,5A*AF=@,5A1AF=@,5A8
MAIK8K8#$_'8K*#*778C9@-B:S!;

UBV'+D%K
Q@J7+DUK$R
X)QJUF9V:[1$\)J

MD'

0OY8#+[/0BY8##[#0BY8#+[&0BY8
M##[*PKM@
?C.$KE@W2D^MT2)MQA\8HG\L1A\6HG\L1A\88G\L1A\:(D:R6+P

(,M!IL5H%Q;+0;V*$YMAA\<HXKL$;\

M'W`%%H
](%`2+09;0:`D6@QVTD!)M!ALH(&G8S'81P


M
(

M;EO

M%H

M'

(
#+R)W@@$S)1AWC@$S%1AWG`$S.-TB

(
3+2)WN`$S.*4&5WUK

M@R

X9PK.VG@&.&\*S

Z&0Q:#HZ&0Q:#$Z+P+EA
A3MU

-Y1XB\$Y;\@?B\$);\@?B\%!;\@?B\%Y;Z@I+`9'Z.$96`S.SL
S


M1\9Q')P_B!)B

N^T!E.;3`.F
9D63&LR

)D23&DR&S`;D]FV9K,#LS.
M9/9@]B83@XE-Y@#F8#+M%5KG*ZO%Z,!T)M.#Z4UF`#.8S`AF-)GM%7I6.?'

C68UF1Z
*/)Y+BVW+RV`DQA
B68TF0J
)7)U&!JDVG`-8S
M7F%L=F6U9ANDV9AIMFV)K

Y@#F83`(F
9D43&HR&9C
M9$H\@])\!A68RF1J

)D*=UJ9=UJ#J4VF`=.83`NF

%L368'


M)I.#R4VF`%.83`FF-)D-F(W);

I3*8&TYA
#V8PF0S7EIG7EH
I
M3*8$4YI
!:8RF1I
8S(MF-9D-F`V)K

Y@$E
)@63FDR[
MP@P&OEC@&JD#TYE
#Z8WF0'
8#(CF-%DMBO\)KZR^F('


MP.Q
9@]F;S(QF-AD#F`.)I.`24PF!9.:3`8F
YD-&D9K/G6+9M%L%=$H6GB.

``-0)```9````

!!^G[3_`?F]@$D@(0JI

MO

Q=/\D2I\HA
MEADZ*=6L@D#F)UH1Z?.&UK!RX*(BE[%


PBYBUR%T2D#W(@X!Z8EWHMKJBBXBEW`[A@P0
&$QXMA9DZM08=CV#HS&?U-#6#(&G%PT<
M)@






1(PAAOSD?/K^[_=#L?-.L;N_?OXT1^M?Q\/U2_/WF\O7T_;_.
MQT]_/SX?$&Y
5)BCZ?3KT'U;Y\A









%?AF8-.8+@FMAEX[ST!G&`X4:QA.SN
)

VEA#\SSF!H6D!=:


M





4]KEBNB&BGQFUGHECJG[L!D7?=4'=*NO;OA!.138HLC292)O4LR



M7(XK:TD';

M0]ZB]C^\@:6\2EE[O'&;G:DB92SQ?I$U=3&0M7K1.0UY`TGW)99QOX3D5
MIKX,&D$X,[&E64-.0UY`TKCDK,4XL4[FO:DOB2CM2!IR&O(DL8E@RW&-6V%


JS[ADRC-LTV6N:)*A:

B7?+L'1)-LGJ*RU((S;,EIR(N&
MTKC-M:C*58EJ


N;
XN__A\TR4
MG





H9XS3D



MR#!NT_FHZ9P@R5+;^@C+6O08KQ_JL[S+&CDVQ.!ZM]E*!G]M]45UF4T$E?1%

IF]FWNOPF2-!7M\W'R'0F(ZUPR9$W2O5^-6NE9W5-M^KQ]F3Q

?KT%5=VKNLD+U.QE#K
MJMFW-X=MV@G*XQM!Y69*$
IYMN0TY!DREK.].6SUYD!018'YF1@MY]00;U.$


N3C7I+D;









DTK#!2TP-(9E/B(`FOA1AV(`EOAVC)U*_A=2STE=?K

M2

MQIN@6H+/[#`_EL1!$KYITVWP31V\MB3X[AWUE#ES#3@Q'0]KKR&938F#)'P(







M.V/TDI:5EXFQQFC_7E;Y^;_&R139NR!V&P1_VR`(]\FQLW8L_K9C[S\]=MZ.

YL0ITXM/GPV]Z29MWJ^W:1*GAZ+_&.$180K

A?7P./F!:MJW3BN-

A
8


MP$
=6B(WGC4C+B
;1CQ&?$:VC`2
[!@)&8D8B?MDH`/.[KX.[?DUGD.XZICM


A
7M]X6EFA-X*&!#^@(V

MI%%%-+@Z5017RK=!MCB`Z!')6MP-W,MGMTPT,:YUO-2ILDEKWE=O@_V6*F:
M#3G(T]WCR=T
]F6O)IDYG0^5LZ\@#QDMAU'(:&;V2+R:K+9L_']4*&8'.ID
MPQ(5S;1N
MHF6\[H2C300N;FU45]5!&2![Y+2/:*&T+R5CV.?$(RUI:0C!40
MDK%V'(6$9*R(D(P5$]*H(EIFG2I-*XV!M$I79MM=#W=890+6Y(5*O56B;:S^
1SXA&6M+2,8*
E8


-DQJZZ2PXG:&;SH)C&;KI+#B=H9O.@D,:NNDLZ2AFZ[4
=!=TX=--95G<.7I]H9G3NX-E8PQ?.ICY6E37E+QP\37+_<.'@


M]?'W#U]^^?3[WW]^?3HN_O3P^M6W[^]__^7];U]^__CSZ__Y^.WU?_WE__Z?


M3Q\^SKY\^.?GC[]_CT:^?OSM_7?



;YX9\3$IXM\?O
@1


'D8/


DS!NIWDFRO\^;SW
MYYMK?..\11ELE(-*9$9D3F1!9$ED0:(BV1CDA/9$5D(+(FLB&R);(CLB=R






I$A?%B8MB%A*U&9$YD061)9&&2$ND(](361$9B*R)



YHP6C)J&'4
NH8]8Q6C`9&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T:G`I7!
M#2T#[NW8LTOH1E(MY
K7IR1T@ZU:-]:)JYBF*J71C=:A*&C.4@M&2T8-HY91
MQZAGM&(T
%HSVC#:
MHQVC
Z
#HR.A6HC&[H
?CH7C_0A$ZRC_;$%;5/2:BX


-HRVC':
_HP.C(
MZ%2@

YHP6C)J&'4
M
NH8]8Q6C`9&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T:G`I7A#GV
'PQW;'W`IH3H*3R[X=CZ
M.EFE1''&:
YHP6C)J&'4
NH8]8Q6C`9&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T:G`I6Q#;T





+8VB@!&

M:
-HRVC':
_HP.C(Z%2@

-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z%:@
8*UA5+[*

M*^`I94-@SM_J%0IC2ZUC.8LM6T9-0P:AEUC'I&*T8#HS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#
MHR.C4X'*Z(8VCMD@SR_R76\'CF/G!U')E2K.CVZ=?4I2+MSNW#)5*0UW;BP)

UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z

MJ&[M?1K7&D-W_I2B4A+!&:

M&!T9G0I4!M4UAG)0N?D3'M!AU[U!O95OWHGOY4]52@.8%07-66K!:
FH8=0R
MZACUC%:

YHP6C):

M?SQ]P=(\RN\)C^/9N/!60MJ;GR:I

$65*$E$QHSFC!:,FH8=0RZACUC%:,A@*5CG('9%G\;^*YU=ZX=V@
MC

M;]ZXPWLK`CI8QZ@7='6PE4C%P29O7.H
\O?S6&4\W)$VQR




MXFK%:9(*@ZN4?R(\4REQ]ES




$YKHH6K&:Y(%1=B2SVP%FUU3!J!:FMCFWU(J6V


M\^50LV6OOTQ[+`HVD
\U#FZ#O`MP1-AYQ9/3)'6O23A+Z$$S;LY2BX2*J$3S


!6SX/)1KDM_I_IGNP;I<:&<02CD:ND:[PB71.R

MH
MQVC/Z

T9[1@M&34
&H9=8QZ1BM&`Z
U
MHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
H9K1@-C-:,-HRVC':,]HP.C(Z,3@4J`QL.
M$[5%,QTR[*(9T8,^&IA.(@HG\QS`R;W;&<JI0'
BH(620HY*&BIBFK^\=$=
MO1J5$L664

]FS^H%)JGC[B
M?50I
7\J4)$

;E5+SM_?N9+!5


M\LNA*B43FC-:
%HR:ABUC#I&/:


MX22+*9MEI@_WYXD5F1C-&;3
FFJMR4RMM6RM8]1G3;6VRDRM#9FIW)K-;2IB



/I)@Q
3[\\3

*^R4&5<%





M


^GUB4&6X)7!EY&6E@LVM&&Z.I


MX?FLR:


93!/K$B7U!K4#^@M






;BP8+2N:386UK-HQZBN:JPH;

XX[5MA)6#17A.[A0G/PS
O3E!1'R?_-



MMV@DQ/:I


MH2#
J;A9W/%YFN5LB4HOMLRRV

M$0OOY=K2V3U^;$4N?


M]&




13IE=DF939J

M`A:)%4G!YIJLJN9:5NT8]17-584-K+IF


M$9.DFR=FUO4%HZ71#+?DA

M:\1D@!U;VS
Z&


M=D?N$LIJ-CA*V\LB5RQQU=N;1E!U]IY4C7+](+1LCH`=BQW9&^,G*1PFQE6
M_VOGBM0NU0-BGS6O%A$K(R:##HF9RUHSVAA-G1KY;6O$9(`=6]LS.AA-'8#]
M=C1R,L(ILTM^*[/J0I?R@;N4@HJ=7L0T-68B9Q];)&;\NFTK&@V%=9FIG5#
MQ^;Z+*:36U78P*IK1IN*YK;=JRZ9W2H:!XK[)09[_2/%[J49U[N](+*G=YW
M(D2JZ(U36L^,F3=/#&[W#-:&DU-:QJ@
6(R0

M#VQGS6AC-*_
?6O$9(`=6]LS.AC-ZMR/1D!
GPH[Q8W]Z'J/\K[[F;OL2&U'


!AC8VIK1QFB&FV^$[R!USV:W1D2

ML:.+F*;`3.3
+C]/K$B+U)33]LFRHME46


M^0YR
NH@NM='78N8CKH1Y$=U5=?6R
FH.V'71]V+F(YZ$.1&O7&?OSH:.1GU
?NDI:'ZWBX/MNY.MPJBSEO
MN;?'ABQGS=%MN.:);*J:Y.=M%G,3<4^(=UGNZD3V/)%#59,F<LQB*03VS?N

TK97I/33



E(ER9F2DC!H


6X

3LB3H+FN


TRCT6`&**N



M3PPQ5^4K@R`-5$X&01J00:0!
:2!*NL@V+=)2,U5%!&06H(Q-V4_4'(Z0+
MC8QT$=VK/D0&J9P




*X#-K
3*&B-!\SX$
H8A
D:@?EH?Z1&AB2G20P3UJ08R

M0\396G1QQ@YAXRP?P1B-PA]\S2C
;BOH@KK70+`=)
%G7KE0N?0(?OSXY@&_



M\8

LII@)1.HWQVM(T0OP`D@DC;R(ROD+:BK!:1HP+5(O*2+(OR2+R4I35

M]
RN1?KXY0_$%:]WG4N-_QZ-I


3$BDNTK+0]=FV%


/__SV







M3JX);B




M/


MIG)P%S&XBW3A+F)P%^G0\3@(=*%AXC!0XF='_D[?X1*N^J/6(*7UUD?J'3


M

(/M^3%\M9_)!UNRV)R27!;9
4;7)0SR%0:%9[
YN)*
O$GVX#IB<%UDQ1K']NG*!?G[/P4*F+CI[S&W88_^.2+S*]Q]+`D

M2S]%9CHDTU&2

H




3&=#(R@#(RHO&1A1


MR[S[AO
*97)B18696.G!J(MU1*YA'KYG(-@S#$Y+3*\+3HO
V(/32!=^(@8_


BYR;@K1GA$T%X=308A
MBW+&
PB992YDX;S@0S:ZPPNF
6CI3'`A@O&P448P
=T:IZ-PP/3;I;![K?*0
MYTG00(2!(3*=3
+G+`@'



M=ZLA+CJ*86^Q8FZ=@A^RF&Q?R%1BN-6)(0&)(=F((=F(X3XGAAPBAGPAAGPA
C4E7?11+Z')/2ZRXWXG!1\3@
M(V+P$3'XB!A\1`P^(@8?$8./B
%'Q.`CRTH?A=^/MCYZ]DA]5G`[G#!]5#0=

KCMOT9D9

7
//N


&+I`LO$H


MEC+X]24#PM7%@/AF.]^/@^?).CQ/#)Y_R8@(1C$B?G''G2

M&X\Z15%V%QE8](W,2TVD+Z):8&+]$U,70HW$X.;R1Y\2O;@1-*%$XG!B60/
M'B-[\)'5=3X*9Y6JC^(AIO11.MB4*[,+=(WB3VW

Y-8O]+









M9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9(%I9$%7ZV6!




M:CU;-1/3L?7T0/;R^O^_PX^/=?;'Z_PQQL;KY[UNQNOC@3^C77?K)(%I)(%I
M)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I)(%I





M3:
M./7S[^Y.@\8];OOAN&DX;AJ.FX;CIN&X:3AN&HZ;AN.FX;AI.&X:CIN&XZ;A
MN&DX;AJ.FX;C7:WGN*9A.HZ_=^#G^9E;6R]S-C=-=_^=$MAZW:US(YN&K:9A
MJVG8:AJVFH:MIF&K:=AJ&K::AJVF8:MIV&H:MIJ&K:9AJVG8:AJVFH:M7:UG
MJZ9:.K9^RY_
7L[3

M@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD@6DD05?K








MJVG8:AJVFH:MIF&K:=AJ&K::AJVF8:MIV&H:MIJ&K:9AJVG8:AJVFH:M7:UG


M^)%M9
HS?HT9F?*

M
;S`-Q&.X;6S3LB)MP]WHJ!

MNE

M^D0Y!ID8QQ`3X1C@H6[%=`6MI'X[+03VX&M%]=MI0;`SK:Q^.RT
=J;EU&^G

M=4F

=8O/[^Q28QUS
]O;!)C/?/S&YO$M/;^[;0HW&.N
M!?=OI\7ASJC:6/5+

MU2\QJO:H^B5&VC\J]Q


C.NI'8R
8J@=
MC(QPJ1V
C'*JK8N


M)K&]&)O$#F)L$JO%V2V$&.3V%*,36(K,3:)-6)L$EN+L4F,:H]5]S1^H=IC
MU2\QTD\S29$5NAZ;=+V)&)O$IF)L$BO%V16B;%);;&)K&Y&)O$L$?/,K%^
MV*-[+#(LT%Q9%@PE@\IGJ3T6+F;&&D[5NXF1IC'BG5BA%G/E)$12CU31D8H
AZIX8U1ZJ[HGMQ-@D1NX.E;N)'<78


;R]PYYA
M@]3G

MK+YJD-IKPJR^/QY'K-7W1U:*L4G7(\SJ^R
CUNK[(R/
ZOLC(VTUEHJ
W-58

M$

M(-I!M)VDC:2`%)%
(--(2D@9206I


?'VH=(COH9
M=R0%URGB=2:0:20EI(RD@E21S#S2&I('<DLKA#Z#%B?9;4=!5)`VDB64/6
MD6P@VTA:2!M)`2DBF4FD920

MD%4D#:2)9



MD'4D&\@VDA;21E)`BD@FD&DD):2




M'?E0NN=H0=F*6+8)9!+)%#*-I(24D520*I(U
5C'4F\@;8S.ANBT
3H;HM/&
MZ&R(3ANOL^


MS!U+,&,$M2Q!/,'?ICPD'[]4D/J2!:0121+R#*2%60520-I(JG'U.



M(ZFJ=&6XO=%U817K?MU]5LME6]&6Y9#4TS/_?@](GDH)U7VS,-8_9U$`B2










M@DGZ*1BD($_!

A8R$3(5
M
A
R%[(0LA2R$K(6LA&R%;)KDJC)
%@WFXS]8
#H
Y&LT5;2$596[5L
0@VS

M;8KF\-HTX+)-V0K=BB3M=W5QE;2?F3%E7]%`4:YHJ&BDJ%`T5C11-%4T4S17


MW;!&;4PK;'RYO4C6G49FQFM1*!JK_XE:317-%

MF&T=MHM9W

I2]A4-
M%.7T7_V6%2)DJ%8C186BL?J:J-54T4S17'TMU&JI:*5HK;XV:K55M(M0W)AA

//B64/?GUH_+ZB@:*\1OB'43-4JY&B0M&X
M1OB'OB9J-54T4S2O$?ZAKX5:+16M%*UKA'_H:Z-66T6[,5-&)8=O:LEB.B


2K&FE95B0]1
**78TJINY-99TEGO:%!Z
MCF
R+*5X
5DML40QR547FX7TP@_
81)HLY`^D0T
`R*K6*YH2&2^1D3FJR`R
M7V-%$R+S-24R7S


0
:6%SD
MBH9$1S

MR:*WVZI0&X''H;-7
T0:49_(5F`'1%;77-&0R'R-B
Q7062^QHHF1.9K2F2^
I
S9HSB+K8P9$5M=<T9#(1ML1
MD?DJB,S76-&$R'Q-B<S7C,BLYD3F?D%D5DLB\[4BLH1K11LB\[4E,E\[HM)7
MW%P(A&9/4:X#Q8L$[62=!HU:HXWK=N+9&&^5Z=L=ON*!HIR9FE/7T.U&BDJ
M%(W5UT2MIHIFBN;J:Z%62T4K16OUM5&KK:)=A.+&#$MMSBC=#CQIP0JU;YNS
M'S1A

4FWMM#M1HI*A2-U==$K::*9HKFZFNA5DM%
M*T5K];51JZVB783B)DP6[;C.T]:5NAJ%B59XV]5;)*A-?C+#IU4]+SQK743_
M2Z:D`YI;KYTK&A(UNP@9U$:TXO0W;^NN4U5C0A.IK7E%;-B+^^3A8I9K1J

M$D

MS7%+*S;G\9%@1_
RGS@6T;^YL1AX$HL5BI\*M:88O3QJE9(V;%9[8#(JIDK
M&A+9#'E$9+X*(O,U5C0A,E]3(O,U(S*K.9&Y7Q9U9+(?*V(+.%:T8;(?&V)



MOK-:A[=8THZ_1NW;9C_@K!C4=LW[4=%`45ZCQD_N0[4:*2H4C=771*VFBF:*
MYNIKH59+12M%:_6U4:NMHEV$XB;$E*YY/W+%(




M#P*T

61'M<PI
MCDGT<VY,!I[$9(7BR4;%HLE&C6SP'&!=H0Q5JVBN:$AD`_&(R'P51.9KK&A


^G?R@RU3ZMJOG@M:PG4;3*3


M/58T(3J:]916T1/`;?JAT8QF36=R'\]I905;$#43RGV\I!6?`)(WPU;4S?%:







ALSC:$)T='
MIK1*9O3IYP@T:SIS!FLIV
)+*)=W2:ND%
G/HBN:'2W%FE9V+39$S812BBVM
MV
]0)$QVDG7-&<V:SK07H945;$'43CW

ML4;1LT#-FM
0(IO;#HBL7KFB(9'-DT=$YJL@
E]C11
B\S4E
E\S(K.:$YG[
M!9%9+8G

0YP%@SK5




\?(7GG'\D
M:W8]DZ-QWGXOCPN`D=*M6.!)#UFC9L6:*/8;GJX;%ZRJ6.LR[!IZJ%OU!!Y=

OS3&N)XNG(CTI3#D6O?R7:N_\OL
M=[2/%@G#218Z!E4PA&2A?U!E!B5T$ZI@I
A;Z$*!HPL=!JJ8)#(0M^AJ9Z

M^QTU:I@G,]CZT*9NZX;MXUP&P=U\U3



6%AI4P1I3%M8;5
&R4A:6'53!4E(65A]4


RBU-[CB5SZTJ:?@QS[<<YZ'_APSWD*?MK#-?`4
M_+*#4GO#^!!*^!5&2XU?7=`*GH+?4%`?3\$O(BB!I^#G6L2.5S;\1(O8\13\


;I(TW73]*#T7*4/)?SP



=3\.(KZN




3`<0@G?+Z@W
M?*^`5O`4?'V`^G@*OB5`3P%7SQEX7







MNN^4#7
@CWS41]/P0[X*(&GX*@.
MQ(Y7-AS/@=CQE!F4<2#QN@<2CB9014<QH%[SE.64
(Y#9H&Y^;@UU9OQ.@B




PK.RL35\12<?(EX
M\Y0NRM9]IVR8B[D*SJ1$O'GUP6&4J(^GX$Q*Q)NGK%L8`:N7C9*G-AR/CE)[


MI^`(693`4W!.
O+QRH9#[Q%OGC*!$DXVUKL1!]GCGO



MV_XSWFZ[*

[Q=^






&_[4&G^RK?M8$G_&DJNS^6KVHPHQ6&)'






W#
M@.FUE1'+8,:1=:O6#A3K62K9[1H



MHT:1\8I1IR@-F)[1H




M5(_VWI\:U$24N14*&M1QP9[1D-G*';&)C!F)G
?(HP;9N;$/3_GH;END$I5J











UJ:M'C2+;IZ%JLYYWJA7OPI:Y29_D

M.U+)UJ!:CB-Y


BQQ')7YSQ
M&-*:;#P&5&PBQ39?X6;DF#*$R;(^*[JY3G+UO5&4!F?+J%
4#/-%;Y*KX4&1
M

MBTBRQVE^[7;%)6NE6F&:R!/E(DNHDX;&N5%D1VIH0#92(PJF^16`7LVDH3PH





MB&;9]KBG)32I31N$6D-198W#6H=U#NL=-CCLPF&7#KMRV'7.\H!*^O%W`QI2





MDA=RIUM_^UE*ZF)G)K44-&:-


;SY1)QGB&@O862RJHD6L8M8PZ1CVC@=$%HTM&5XRN
M
Y0'L=C4II''.]DVH.R7X9M%6A]BH8MC4J=BIJ&+6


BE(6AJPFE'#J&74









W]K%@MJU@06MJJFE'#J&74


#T$L
KYS/.(V96-J7$+N@)[]EGI:NU;I8

8PFE9$4Z;2OU4.$-&9:?H


-Y\5S
M$XS54!1JVBR,56((+C&,56*()#%$DA@B20R1)(:P$4/8+O9K-6Q$@O5.9X
M([C<7Y4AS4\AVL^*I`W#-.:QZP3R2+]0R2C6KB$GN/0L8W]!5IA%E&.^BD[

8SR
M8

^RO
[Q'&&NTVST\:3AK)+(]$V@8J)7\L$7
M62*SM[?VYF2-T(;P39?P*8R'N^?/=]7=UZ\O)[=/?SPB+UC@U







M\20M)*TKP=$_\


2_@YSG

M%A(YP8W+X&!5M
T;HS@C%/5X:WP'B9S4R=:.2ZS^WXDH5G]74J.
G!?)UG!H

M7`D.R(4_7JQ;2.1`6:X'Q^6BU9[DN

3J

$1Z6C;9X$9Z&C;9X$1Z*C;9X$






S;S\_NI=`/XD9?O;'V92*`2:Q:J


;6/CV]-/;S\_/WW?O

MWG][.UO8/?X5&P^?/MU_N


M[=




M2GKZ?NL&TL7.F?7]TYLX]U@

01\
M\#I[UEG$&IEHN+[KS.8I*%)0IJ!*09V)@5MKH4]D84CF8$K!(07'`+R#
MV\^^1RO_6[YW^L[WXK6]`*V


M:B(-D99(1Z0G
A`9B4Q$#D2.(8D\C2$T]+2
&@YCA$&RP
7IL#$KK3!)O:R4
MG97.+9I(0:0D4A&IB31$6B(=D9[(0&0D



RZ@3

QQNT@ZS$&U)

4I-=;5);-:-&D9L&76U%;/:!D
MY1H%J?E)D-HZ
YW6\7R;(@\UJK
M,!I?;I.6GJN6F\$Z3!2

/Z\




RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+J&/4
M
QH8C8PF1@=&QPC%3G\A`EUR!.I1N/W%*&=4



MI6I)CA6CFE'#J&74





*7*I:(J01K`UHP:0=$@N4J7
JHEYCM!N/#SI1B-



MA/%


MH

M2-.]%N.&EF3U1TUZ5L

M%J076S*J!.GUUXP:06JK9=0)4EL]HT&0VAH938(

C^[*GO239NX#3QTQ
]$*QVW/HCJ84VXTMB^]5H`J

EF?9Y(P



MKWV
IJONS*

2X6#L(S0M:.:UL)<J1<@]BI:!<\)`J^2$%:.:
M;36J%<P(Z5Y%JUI2KHY1S^8'UAH931&*W+Q!E85NEJ'BQ.-EM4?A[KQHP5\Z
MW='NO&CI4J#PR&W2G1/2F[ZE:HE7*D8UHX91RZACU#,:&(V,I@C%'HY3'VD
MT#T0GMQ5]2B^J[I


M(Z



M1:L4I

&D&H
194Q&\/-<BE1*5J**D%ZK36C1I`F;!EU@O3V0B](S0^



ME`L*UY$^HM6.7'JM:!U)6C7;:CAARZACU+.M@;5&1E.$XG6&B_&L9CG'?M$Z



M?%0%L3P).EF.AY@DP/S17=DK#CP]BL9MKQ6-VS[PTJLK?$K
'E+2DE$E2!/6


M=.Z13QB
'CFC@E')J&)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&)T8'2

UQ
M8313^U`Q=GJZR7%UUI(VFS
J&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V


*$+!1PG
MDPYM'H6;M:(5EG%.Z)[58`R=*V\`FAI64\)P2*RQBMV8
R\IK]VJ^IYTEV




RH8E8PJ
M1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH8C8PF1@=&QPA%(X8[
#-L(*?ZP&T%=V12&LJ=*X2GWY.9


YHX)1R:AB5#-J
M&+6





NH8]8P&1B.CB=&!


P3Z2T9U5*GS[:04%#!6B6CBE'-J&'4
NH8


M5+!6R:AB5#-J&+6

!H938P.C(X1BIWNXMUT0?1:E'8S!\C1N#.C

JH8U8P:1BVCCE'/:&`T
IH8'1@=(S37QKNG



M^2-[

MIB2'Q-U8YC0%).[^










MU)PEP6/_J#E+@F?[47.6!._6H`36^(:79U`2X)W:%`2X)7:5`2X+795`





M_`363






M:LZ2[%&VO5FV#)+
E.`@^UUN2@I(W('J?*4XLW[GSE5G8ZNW[GCU5FCUJ@





M[ON8+



24U
M2EV;I6X@:4Q)TEK2CI(.E/20]*;D@&2P93L(=F;D@R2S)3DD.2FI(D
4E
M)*4IJ2I3





MK3RHMN/1_NOUUIW^IY4B8TH;B8T1/`4CGS1
3$

&K$)R[Y7VHU*_'\-;Y,L5]-M#O%G<3;\A3?=&9\MU(E\C(PV5JLIL'H(B
M!&4(JA#4(6@<,$6T0\C(X%\)6:FKD,G9+0&G#X+X2(.:Y$H0E&H`I!'8+&
M`5Y\F&AA?,EL&$$EQ0+@C.!J,_/]WVJ=J%^[^@'*&,D9*1@I&:D8J1EI7.(%
MAH7`8Q24E%D+UI]DI-:*4&&_[52-B@-X\9(P4C)2

M
U(P4C)2









AAN:Z)




=;FG10O3$-5?@[FDV4P







$ODF2$A)5N4O]EL`W28(O#_@F2;9Q!-^D&8+O

D^*2%;Y)D&VW@6U\TA6
*B3IPX'V`LQ3X


W28(38?@F27`P#-\D


MIL





MF
R6%[U-A
_?('[-$_-(P/)7BK:PS]I`@[+CZU(08[+%JYNLIQ=RK81@PR-
M*_WDXD



MCJ2[-[@'+6JH':X$0L

#94+H]L$DZ&Z
NW\```#__P
`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!F4=*.







MA?J/IY*OK+5GT7]\FB]F'\[_(4O\;JBY88VIV
:*L

M:@N-A=9-P$5DJPGA'1Y-:ZE,RG

M2`UI(VDFXI*2YY.IFD=3U97\@CMGTAXL@KUQQCC+W_3RT*?OQ9ZS6W'HCAM
M!RD@#E)*HB'U)`&TD*ZJ:C

:B
1I(`7&0$E)!/*2&
M-)`6TDU%12./G5PT@74TO9CST])$
Q:-T4`*B(.4D`KB(36D@;20;BHJ&CD5
M3Z/YZ?DIU.O

MU^$


4?Z<6-2]L\#!,G3Q,[4D%RI))4D3RI)C6DEM0ITB&&W;(-\:T7.F;]]EHE
M..ZXIPG:5F*8J!(<)\:56;#*D4I21?*DFM206E*G24X-UW%.YY2CE-TPS&0



MI$/

MTSS$H(ZN.X2!S(JR'4*J&H

M:=N`5)6&B=&*ECE26I(GE236I(+:E3I(-ZI0U8L`T8R`1EVX!4%5/9D0J2




N9MGE2.5I(KD236I(;6D3I'.T.SF
MQ]







M(#E22:I(GE23&E)+ZA3IH'*-P%LO25^R#1C(G-AL&YJ4H)#&S!Y29I5CE22
M*I(GU:2&U)(Z13K!L$7/+;5^ZZZ66D]FJ=DVX'*L2D&!E8Y4DFJ2)Y4DQI2




W






MU9]/EY=79V;+T\4*GCF6KW0]1]==ST#3\VFD=-[:14KGK2)2^ET=J8R4CE5%
M2L?RD=*Q:E(3*1VKC92.U47*I/)*U[-DUS.0;II7YM2T357Q@;XC%21'*DD5
MR9-J4D-J29TB=:Y;RLK


S8=WI:H4U#@Q4L$J1RI)%<F3:E)#:DF=
M(AV4Z0.)Z_9_/JM#_T

;$=J2`Y4DFJ2)Y4DQI2
8#5`RPN

M2(Y4DBJ2)]6DAM22.D4Z*+/5'X/BCGXU;






MI:&UF*ZV$.$TM21?*DFM206E*G2`=E6HLQ*/8/ZYY
4+9_2%4IJ'%BI()5




:4DL*WXN=
M?OH^Q/Y[KOMO&'[8/WW=;_??OS^?W!W^?)2U-)
/?OST8?3^&[9OUBOYBNUC

M\:HX.[*2.?*GD


CDK7\12TSLI0Y\L;$
MW(C







MLI9O1LJ

MDK1\02#G_#;;_)8_EDS(U-^$NSGGX0&5\=\N-[_)/H8W?!

MF+T+Y1[

MY*+23;AFDB-R





M``#__P



MHR1&QU9@NSM]WGY8&U5%*EM?M)./OUA5K$6D(M_\\?OX



EF*[#;SB!YE1
X-

M^YJX1R.FOB;ITPA?D_9I`E^3]6BFI





_TAHG

M\XI%4B?7F9+:Y!(EGJPB74HQ7P^#IW\;DIV\Q;5=CPQ(PDC*2,9$CGSUK-

M*F::A)&4D0R)&G00PI


MLRIUEXTD7T6M-`MO&9&4$R2P[7T!9\6IWZOPD40THRJ]CSP+K2PY\LF6$[




M-KVW?=XR$C.2
!TX
MQX-.45!@1Q`SDC2
I(AD6

MA%0`D7S;0#U5L#W8



I(QDC.2
%(R4C%2.T2/R*D9

O7O#@-8`/DR9E)RFFHFF$3G+



2
)(RDC&1(Y







M\IQF
C-!)\D@22_GWR]U(2V1/FG;AZ;]^%$618KZ[
0/OWT_O

M.






EU
M\(3/G[KDTB?))5=MKIL/#^?3MQGL&$C#Y7UC]U]^#X.%K(9UHCQ#N6TM^Z.E


2E&R5!J2@CT8@\JG3F1BD@$\2
]1Z

JM_=L)GH.*`X

!&03!-V5C1-5VME1J5EK8]S






^;19YO$O;ELV^)SK.7A'BT@NB+^W@`]G1



T2U2Y;^RZ0QLW8T0)9!(%HB)
MD;3%6TP3INFZR5F@RV%EV..L(61E%PE=63?4Q&[+'.%E522BS9@_#7A+BM

M15K@-D






)U]'^AC8U5L@'P%CS53

;)]P)1`AD$H@5B8B0Y



;]J`BQQ5F7
MLC




#
+
E)(21F[<F*,U2$V!G<QF1




MIMT00P27JB)*XL1SFX:+N#)Y;E/`UU^
T1



5

FA?WS4_A0T11(161<@GCY47%\E1

SA



M(1

'1$P'GJ0BQ\UP5K.

9$8''1!\0I[!
M#P'B7P6)O85Z2

MY



'_````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`````$`^6AV?-

O




]X/O_HWEOBKW3=W6QRX`=PL4:N]YN]@N

[_S%XT





<VW*(=5+G)#1`Z)J%`N;D.#EB!'J))7Q;V
`U8O*3*





MC:3VZXBJ:O\.L3@53+$1Z\B)
8'?NJQD,QI(G0\U4=WJ$$&S]DSEP)&]-!

M5:9D_&DK4QKG2)-#PZ9ZO)V4$;;^^3+6I.G!J85D%B)-A$JA$V-HQ)%K4O`R
MUJ17RUBO3U*S-RRD:4%EJO;MB!AV=9IHO(S53P'CO'BMC#7)U/H.

M9O0?(
0F`/X88GM\B*55T4C?!?K[=99TTA2G[;&_K]BGT:RB'K:P.]I\(]V
M!ZE)KWFB.U2SPG$D.$+,(XG98Y*(CYG40C(+D29E;A'480SXXUR0M)T[JDV
MFY#



T8C

+63WJ:
PE)+22S$&DB5(E[S
3O&3.:9$I!LPG)




JKZUW*8X@(PPV
M$

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(=M0F\Y$@``

^7



$

16DQ4R&^
M1IB96V8FA55`N24)$0X;A26+TF*)0GR-


MS1IR&O(
XH

M
$:_YFOEBA;UA1P?G8V&@+B=@3M_P

M[*PA;F?@UF+GXK=
N;7?

SL35!7Y3Y4
M;

7B@4F/PQ+!L\$RZ^*


HL96U*HX@
M+6/P0+:&MQ('



(

M3X+J


M(

;M












M
A0.M54^*?LW/8
O6I0S/8.X/39Y]9J\
A3..LO@W5:60J2%?;)HZ91'6JE4
M;V25X4FN

*3%#
M8AN)6F_.6D-Z
-/BP8STALJRV*6O@&QQ43*-NW3A!HU^7$N0S&1G(:\JPA
M']SF590UDF


M0;YS;H%IU_


M-IFXG



]WB&V#76*$MZ2TF7]*252_I-


VFE&.H&'D+K4H%D1^5.

,,_MKNB^K
M9YG92YS






L-.9X8

MKP:L97F/[UP6#9H-/G3)F'9HL[9S1




W_R5=Z$6U]*W
OFWG\1DU!.=EC*:GF+K(Z^4KAR4Q
MO9KJPM$S+LN[)G\ZA\YH=V/Y




M63S!IIC/1`M


T+U-NQ'CQ#.?\-0




V23%V_G]+%


MDAF2V90X2
)7Z[J-A\2;DJG%3/&AMFZ#3]`QCB5QD#A3XB'QIF1JP/'XT0AC
M'$CCTYHB8,D_/:$ENW+U#:69*I`8OA]Q9T&_R0!
:Q)`Z2\+
-N@U^-@+C

MGR[X_3J<RG``QD\3'O#+/NOPPM+'T^E_X`C;Y8?.WS[/P$```#__P
`4$L#


YJ0
M9'OWVV^BJQYD5?TA2N
+6_XQD4!590.%:H#\\;__Y[=??_CW^T^?/WS\_:=7
MK:LWKWYX__N[CS]_^/T?/[W:;?O_]?#JA\]?WO[^\]M?/_[^_J=7__O^\ZO_


NG


M7_X/TO_VX=VGCY\__OW+E:5['0Z4;7Y\_?C:
OWUQY\_6`NJ;O_AT_N___3J








MFUY?7[6O;^\?+M7_0ENO5475/^*VW]?6JA/#7KV(;KZO=*]50]4_XDY;#]]7


\/=IVSL?W\Q]OJJMGZ2Y4LGHKCAZ`^
M.=M5XET5_E3%__3*CMA.NY]-__W7]ILW/[[^MYWMW\689\:T\HB.(JHS?I6V

M2CB7\%0/KP;FJ1[
2?=C_5E5\54I*?.SP&OKNJ@;16B3;@F]
M$OHE#$H8EC`J85SI(1I;,2YB4L2EB6LIA7<*FA&T)NQ+V)1Q*.)9P*N%<
MPM
3I!Y
#=53)XG)ZL;.]&G=Z$Q3\4^O[+^3
TUQ'GD.


H%
(3/(







M%/5(?=*`-2-2&/2A#0ES4ASTH*T)*U(:]*&M7M2'O2@70DG4AGDM46!M)J
MB];)+*^M:M4SJ:W+7/WFX:KZ(O)KD_5J
;
\IP7*SVFM8IFS$S?
SFGUAEYW
MH#XW')&I!%I3)J0IJ09:4Y:D):D%6E-VIVI!UI3SJ0CJ03Z4RRNL
06=W1


M22O2FK0A;4D[TIYT(!U))]*99&6'4;.RHW4RR\NN6DU-RJX^I855UNR45B^\

M2$?2B70F66UA(*VV:)W


M(U)*]*:M%M23O2GG0@'4DGTIEDM851L]JBV2/ZEY-)6#[+:ZM:C&VJK;!(

FIFI!EI3EJ0EJ05:4W:D+:D
M'6E/.I.I!/I3++:PJA9;=$ZF66U53U)WE1;%\^7\R
5U\1R.=^CZMHB]4A]



HE?5=$A=4H_4)PU(0]*(-9-2%/2C#0G
M+4A+THJT)FU(6]*.M<=2$?2B70F62&%X4[&U@J)E@]X7DC5:FQ3(855VJR0

LIJKQU:C9C5'ZV26UURU[/IG:BXLTV8U

M2&.FGWA4FK[X-F+J44H_(\V9?N%1:?IBU7GI44J_(JV9?N-12?IRX7'K44J_


M&I'&I`EI2IJ1YJ0%:4E:D=:D#6E+VI'VI`/I2#J1SB0KMWILZSIZ;K!.9GEM


2HV\-I^

M%7=]U?(65_\J=KU3N.]Z3SJ(7MSU45'I$-N[^_ES12=%I;EN[HH:/BO*C\L^
M:=]3UW9B#V%QW-NMMO5^?@QVHH^I+NGS#V.U+-[T80S+Y=F'
:Z@^P.!';L)

U7=5:W'=9!.(%V/<JK+6[H






MGNM(.HD\UYED916&^\:3/3TW6#W@EW1Y(=EM5=/UMCH9%NM4D?)99[$$T&D*

MF#01O;CKJ:+2:5G[NKBVS!25YL*L;ZXH/ZZ%*-T0[5\J*C^(HL=7BDISX2#6





MZM%NWQ3#;=56A^GL8M46+2V4]
R=%V#Q[=BWGCNXX;=FD:PP=0P=D0]1E]03

MYJ2%R'
M22N1YUJ3-J0M:4?:DPZD(^E$.I.LR
)`/OB#&4_/#:8!OWNL!CPO

M&I


MF62_X3A\ZW&;WH0VK*O%L'HF9W^!HWQJ1YDNW95=7]O%]R??.KU=XHNJC&OO





$_
=AO('E[3B:UC3^A7


M`
,OWJ6^Y8P_4OHFH,C.HUYS;WRJ&OZ^H$?IZ'ND?J3TO5:/2M+CO5:/
M4OH1:<ST$X]*TM\4CS]-/4KI9Z0YTR\\*DE_7<SVEQZE]O2FNDW'I6DQWNM



MR7'-%.6YYJ2%R'

119Y&G

M?




Y'GFI
6(L^U)*U$GFM-VH@\UY:T$_F2SE[DZ0\B






M&GS00I3
-[&VHJ/AB87GS
=:47Y<&U&Z(?IZJZC\(








`.E$]88E95AC/)1ZRG*AZA/&HA\




M.I).I#/)ZBJ

`-E



:A)_*QZI
&(L\U
M)(U$GFM
FH@\UY0T$WFN.6DA\EQ+TDKDN=:D#6E+VI'VI`/I2#J1SB2KQS!J


MV8N=]V&Y(/UP1E+#R@N'_SAIV


MHDDM+YKJOBPIFF]-;^_#?5Q63)&2Z6V

M22/2F#0A34DSTIRT(U)*]*:M%M23O2GG0@'4DGTIED]84ALOI*+:^OZL;J
8-OX!LFZ?%RID<I


M#6E+VI'VI`/I2#J1SB0[



M&]BZ;]^7W]O.E


MSTIUR9Y_=K(UK(?Z-Y+9DEMY?QPI_:*)U(V4O&G74Y2WK4\:B/SMOJ'(O^
9







7C/BK*

:XI:2;R7'/20N2YEJ25R'.M21N1Y]J2=B+/M2<=

435PS]\S/#X'R:6'YQF)3








5/


Y'G
MFI








\T:76];?68?
M4#;6!76$LEL7I-F++JAF



X8]IU$'^:;N
MB(?AGP;KBN_9I_5.OL_;VX<WY2.&UETQZ++/HKNJ64S27=\NC3#MR;LQ3H7\
M.FU]%BQ9++0.BN:?.N-:-FG(N;+^@/YK/'(9VU-\Q5MK:8J+[6U6'ULV5]S


M1?K)*LQ`\T]9L&35RG+#K
Q@5F8P*S.8E1G
R@QF90:S

M?73]M1GWY0?%5%/F9XY.B]9ML%Z#]1MLT&##!ALUV+C!)@TV;;!9;D4?5;/:

M8=:=

M67?&W:8K=QZ7[((K=QZF=-;#V(7U
'9A/5S'I;LHOB:S3J_#M`OK]-2*3J^F

MSFJU#M.FUI
PZTGLPGHR6'+(UFTPZ[;4BFZKIOV-W1;N!_)NU:]5TWJ7U;
MO/MM91IO)7RZ;CT)LYZ$64\&N\YZ$G'6;3#K-IAU&_)9MR'.N@UFW99:T6W5
M'41CMX5;B[S;@E4O77BWE;\SR[HMA&5K`@UKM`J+;WFU\`?FK6-C)K^

MXTB%NYI\I(+92.G#:

2+%FGL&J.YG'6Z=&R3H=9IR.?]3#R69=B6^M2F'4I






EURYC33Z


-07W*X.14V-(SI0N&OG_RH
M-OJVZ9NZT-?5A;[.AKYM7G/DM;R]A]AM@J9PQ$X+*L2V6#X1^]--IYVJE[?]
MHBU;*J





M9]+BYZQG8+LF;%R'LFV/)@+&XUTL

T7I,9A(Y%K'&QYK!5L7`^;^IC[SH:T98IZ&PHZ/(BF;

M9
B[O7-@0S)6'8,Z&
M8*X\-'(V-$KS%AK91D!J%'8(N4;!EJ^$990^ZCV&9$S<VUIR[Y\LZU(TPB)B
MS)5.8V]#Q*+T_*DU!&UY4S:NK(1U-D0M
UK+2_N):)MBYNBT38MIM#6(OE$


CHRD/&




=S$-[PE@

MC3Z]IEM


MNQ+1N[4PQ&.YN
&6BQML=G^Y$[=\R(ZQVB9KFL58=3;$=3;&JK
Q5IT-)9T-


MF]6B=AYE2^\
LKKR&,,N+S(Z&S*Z\M#,E8=&:=Y
M(]OE2(W]B=?,8,M/POL=SN^V]UYIGY(%L\N955+.L




M]'






BE98C)FTHIOA(?C
JXX!*36T4_?QV3VVR-?F


KB
M?BB.9$V8A?O.AOO.AOO.AOO.AONIK7#?(LM_R_T0BN9='6S9L?!SM#%#VL54
Y<WJ<*?N7?)FN)0)*VB4
3BQ421]I+!DQ.^XX
M

MDEN-A51IE)@\CO$L@L%HRPXTHBT[^FULW18&IT-Y2?R$T\Z&T]'6+:IX&&U=





DR1-\55K$S.7Y_*T

^;T.&
MD)=G89KF3AM;=LC7I.L.#7$UYNULN)J65[AJ
4OG:AM^Q5^^SWL^Q#?YF=QS

\IL/++OA]\=
\)HL5

MRR\_?QE]^?O??_WAO[[^[S\94^\$9#8?_CERU_^XP_#WNO;8,1G^/NS1+1




MUPO[@:+10^M6V:O6J;)/K4MUC^(C

M\XR+W.

^ZM+8K1C'MKBV(6?]BX


MP]CI*:V?7_!+8)G3/X7?)#,MF'X(!D;TA=\D,RV9?@@F6V^K)V_TQ:;GW(]
MI9U/UA8]SF#D4PRW^^:[TH4R^\P'R9D;[JH?#2C;VU1S$XG3!?%T*7/?)`
-RSY#$YD.(;HJE
MO9@OJNY@FL/ED\QNSW`DF7W`WR%M/'!&BJ70'.W&JQH[@G.E`R[C@]T8&2
MV8UCG)#



M/=-




MSS13#+EZIIEBN-TSWQ7C@=-7\T'Y9T]0F@^*V7.2YH-B/-[[:CXH9L]-F@^*
Y/4
7NQA+1A/[5J;*1_\]TW^_UY9GUCK)[-%M^E8RFOAL
M[51:VZ/;]*UD^/#





MC/%P9QVOHE/DNC/-%$
CROO6[CNAAMP]0^3'!<.C;
MF%#Y&`YV\9`
*6VG(QEZVDY'


6PM
)?
MOOIK?:2OC3`T4PRY+

!UN7


M#Y819R;-X%,))EII+
('-)*D@ER9IFKV6K-YM)#O(3I(]9_)`7*4Y`0Y

MR1X1]E*#`^0HR0ERDN0



G=X;Z*2!R:;5'




M8YL?D`])+I+)%?(51(FB06NF@V-#27;@7:2[%[20Z0@R3OD'=)CIC)?(

M$\A$DBED*LD

I-D#IE+4D$J21:0A22C9UX'&
H'5T?V_#`O6_K=[

M:DEV4!VDAP@1TG.D`])KA:K1IW[K-;ZJNSRBOD*LE@`.*/RC48&AMJ-C(V
MDFS(8\TT4054:W*M9:8-9O)#K*39`_92W*`'4Y04Z2X





MDM206A(;IGJ4VB#58W0




M*


H5
)9E!9I+

MJ*[
(UZ-0SU5(G+CKWR6%%))LH34DFP@.TD.D*
D9\A%DCW.[J6O!\A1DA/D
M)


IWG(;DTCUA'3&6Y4T@$TFFD*DD


(5-)9IY)!6DDN3P
M0``BWXH[04Z2G$72:Z0JR3TG07$FHV





M:W)!K*59`?92;*'[4Y0-XE.4*.DM!DBX;#[W






M^/.O'__X=/_M!T+\=O?U[NG_AJ!G[[Y]VO9_?+]_N/GM*Z[[7\7\YI/&'OZ#
MPG^[^_1P_WC_^]

MG;W_^
N0H?^YN_W[
?KW=X]?[O]N'^X^'^^^WR+=$$HD^.W^_D]Q[3\+0N'W




_?^H*R@^5C_HC6^\1H+


MXT9&U&(KX7P_]9UF[+D803Z)^Z_B_^$

:9UE%#
$88%(M2G`\;SFF&.]7S3N7H

@&]^%Q\FLRS%H].88B(U

MCTYC]HG41!HB+9&.2$]D3^1`Y$CD1.2R61*R+7

M:9;7DRS+P6M








M5G6O[MQ%IC)WEWDU:8A[EE&'4)&M2660]`/9\MPZP4A7Y;*PHWCL:C)!\N










9&
U]G`VOIT:WG8I1S:AAU#+J&/6,]HP.C(Z,3HPN
M&%TRNF)TG:TI\K$RNJI;L*5]%2'


MR26ZP2`
_A'Z#&VI!R\5N6;4
&H9=8SZ!*47+3.GG[EH-]-*+MJC^*(=DOG4

MS7F3OZ_@O1:R:8-7NK

(0&NJDTR%FZR3:]&?U#H7VV(9575!;-6U7OT
M;%5I_\@F?Z/X/

M3KU:]?*QBQDVE]

MU9ZMPKV_\2BY-E]G%*TSHO5)M%1*F0?E][-%(4]3Q@MS4Z7DPAS*&GSV5*=$





M_^P*_2PQ_*I2O0:49C2;1[GZ\!`FC+]XYI`/*XHF\L+2/S_^(YL2E-XNO7EL

]HS.C`Z
M


M3

]HP.C(Z

K'

90,+-YK$GIPI26C+;_:LWBS4*.%#+1CR1M&UFXG_8<;<_1#F/)



M08V1%S=

!

MU#!J&76

+AE=

M&D8MHXY1SVC/Z
#HR.B4H#0K


M=&!T9'1*4)K`;

_;F
%+PY\2E*;YF=FN/.G.9@Z*XG0ZKV0;DU]M\P7C;4Q&#:.6

;1?Y'W:6EA=/@+V7SDBM;`&I.I
MAE&KZ










:C9*2D6)T6C%YH511B[3G6



V7QY[KYNEQON)&X_B=#J4
M;(OSV[V^8+PMSJAAU#+J&/6
]HP.C(Z
3@E*$_7
5'G#4V6/TFWQ(I\K6UX\

LJI[=0]5[QD=





]*!X.]J!X.-DC+IM

R




WV9B##Z!;U!F*0@1AD(`89B$$&8I!
M&&0@!AF(009BD($89`&&8A!!F*0(6:9#++4
F5P:[!X$ZF8.)9\;&0QS68.
MD&%TBV0@!AF(009BD($89`&&8A!!F*0@1AD(`89B$$&8I!&&0@!AEBELF0
MK22'V\8KQZD6$UYF*DL'K&DVV8)$KF@Z8!&#1
0@$3%(1`P2$8-$Q`1,4A$
M#!(1@T3$(!$Q2$0,$A&#1#'+),J6M8-$\AFAY]Y,*B:\X%66Z9/O+T9N41?R
M]PP.84^Q*`/




1R]2`QG


1S!2`QG
!+#(8PQRR22)5XDT;A&

A##,0@`S'(0`PR$(,,Q`#
M



M]$&?8A!'V+0)V:9/K*&C/0)HY5;7**HYA)']8X+SKB;T'H]N&E1R#`6589N
M0@PR$(,,Q`#

QR$`



QR$`
M



0@`S'(0`PR$(


M&:PWV-Y@!X
=#78RV(7!+@UV9;#KE&4RR.K1E
$M*U
9'(M?CB[\Z;\10\[)


MMUY

1P
'NU.QN;
(J
MLCULJ#BZ:150D1A4IJ@XN@75Y%=!80=W;0*!NS3%A9@4;AJF96YJF`GJ6

:A%#&H1@UK$(`TQ2$


M=D
F'R=^Z9
99'I+?5#.N^D[M=FF'62D^B`C



M#L(EU='7(:`BQ8:*Q*#B6^J#L$E]

SD8-^IZ


M($/


G*+9!B+*H


0@`S'(0`PR$(




M.U\T[41C454-A&#0L2@$#$H1`P*$8-Q*`0
2A$#`H1@T+$H!`Q*$0


@PND4R$(


0@`S'(0`PR$(



.;.HI;:*8*C8O/N*-D.[A0:'2+


+%\T(`,QR$`,,A#
M#
0@`S'(0`PR$(




$HWA5#9(1`P2$8-$
B4;-N(;7B%GFSS6RXTUF_

RTB0[XFR?#MD)('%MF6-;X(?ARJV'!ES;D

23)LD@WM7OI







M+/C@
=G*T25LV<&R,RTE+*5IJ61

M9]N:%ISCA5]M*;=;S_KK5R7L,BQ2%P/3IC;[
L#2QR2!*7P7E34
ZRX%@I

L.&0*^E@6G6%*[4L.*X/9:QVC1/Y4,:R[)WG9FW$A8YLHRO

J9D6S9(6\[
V\E+'+X()?!N8W(CF7!\8W(CF7!*8[(CF7!



5BO3TMS/L<?L'._@6PE*:E@J4R+34LM6EI8&E
M2PM+:UHZ6#K3TL/2FY8]+'O3TLT1;6'IT\/2FY;=`CUX88[7XR)VNF6BZP


MLL-#XMY\1ES.UK8+7&&_F,^`VYAZ4W+#K]@9_Z$I;2M%2P5*:EAJ4V+0TL

MRK34L-2FI8&E



M6$K34L%2F98:EMJT-+`TIJ6%I;4MA3QRLT:^#I;.M/2P]*9EAU=?=N;;+24L
ME6FI8:E-2P-+8UI:6#K3TL/2FQ8\[9
';$9++`MYG&?.^?J2VV^Z=+TIN6



/Y]_O[)_T/=.KW?]\__#F\(/;Q_P4```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!1
M5DY2JA






!WD8]F1KX?#S^852[+P8A\3FE



SQNC_LGH?SA%-:#E/X'^]7&_7[T__PLOVHW3
MR5DGT2A$P[QLQFR9@BH%=0J:%+0IZ%+0IV!(P9B*0#G<-GB-]38;_G-Z!N_
M28ES`=Z1Z]B-A6A(DC(%50KJ%#0I:%/0I:!/P9
053`(GH3V%3I(V9/'






M`M-7%['I=E$2TQV1GDP/BTYH.AF9QD5)3$\AB1QKXNS0L](YS3QVH4.A#QW:
MP
CBQ
TNB2%*KR7/4S&J&36
6D8=HY[1P&AD-$4H=I2)0-
(?7UI!K_%9S9(



S^#-R.E]57BS5*T]O.T

MV:RWVU5:T$DTYMSBJC$AL58U+E0.V[!%\+HTZ\)$QK8B!)6?/!2?)EK1DU

5









!GR:]P6CN/
M2D:5(%_<VJ$P(!$M;ZMEU`GRMGJV-8B6MS4RF@0IWDKF(#)(FD\6253M4!1X
M7-)HX-)=;%W@<7F6+%*48AHJXM[*L4N/:LG.HR9(*5%-.K,+5,1XQ\9[-CX$
M*:WQ%84?@8H8GR+C\0!BXO/@Q7ZS(=IX/GKA+0KCDK73NOQ5*FPRK%+/[K6

M%R[=.]]IEXPJ1K5DZ-W:L%;+J&/4LZV!M49&4X1B_R7SB^5UYGF$^18UUWA
M)QA,DEEX;2BEYYGR:)EXX3UV3X9DRI1\]SS:@1%$YM*+-6M&QFF[.+Y)D[
M4?9]8P&0:]F-HJ6E&R;+`!







M

C;&@5Y6Y
@Q2MFAJ
$EB8$2KUBT5LAE-5Z*X1:
MM*13K5R.P2A?






5^




M&4T1BE\1$P

M=0`^3CFRUG+^M


$HEYDNGR48WS+3\[
$PUQF

2`1;G
M@T`O
I/)L&23V;6*3@-
MEGFR495@B13YS%%<X@.LE(?38(%4^2C249(S$H?/\$$B5GO8TF.9\O59RL@
M

MHTGP?11UJDGPF30S7_DX'WP:16UKD@D2\\V/T^20Y*JD@*10)24DYF
G6\-7
M97A4D^#C

P)HFP3XM/+76^V.[%IY-DV!3%JQIDAQ/G;_P



S!9&EF#S
M9V9V





W

M!I73X*QN9HZBL@3GTY%&ZY$Z2
P!:DZ#$^GPM2;!P?3
'*?F-#B
CEK0)#B&



M&DC
]P;1=XP.FV1HO5NC5<#\4/'R^

VXHQH(=
M;GC%E=



4BNWM-2Y1%6!(%DHZ3M]^_I[NF
M#W]+LG




M[OE


SF[.+3AR%!_]UM


MYHOI_&SR97L\%3ME?#:Y_7X\[9_^9[2
+^UE:KS
\)Q:/EN
87IXG5Y?#&WJK4;P.W:CS7MXPO-U
=14MCEM/GTX
M[']
\*'BF8\O&_79)ZL$ODPUF8#'^D*9WRKUSTK_XQDR@L(Y@O[Y:3E//ES\


MEAF%\27;$P-?UY:4/


P:DF
TQGG
YGY@]*


TWHY*8M40Z(KU+ORJ&?OI''0]_-HT#09(TD%H5DGDTL_E
QJ22RY



?MNZF0:VD:L6&OF`V&]9`T_/@$\M$?N5D


M&K:

)1XUXE&UQCE;0DN@B52:K1FKM;T.NB(
M&R




VQ



;ZX=/^ADG6]^OVF6H\X&7^W/O7ZQ7L39DEC)VSIU&A=V@E09MCGC/D
M!GF99LN2+2NVK`U*G#8;MFS9LHM8]IZEES&U__]FQO[8OZ#B
#/45X`&??^+



:D8-HY91QZCW


SR

2D85

M:H4;QB8(PHB]8.R%((R8!/L?:#TF62/`=31`K
-7:E'(3Y!!HI:&+
$Z?*56

DZ&BD.EA%/+`<X3$8\









'K[OG


_7Y_
MDK_@02_&_W_!I_\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`D*7(IXR4``!R[```9
%[H<B
M0!`@.RSO
(`^=^.



/






I&




4ACD
4@CT$1



M$#(
-/\D9
X\#%E/L`J0:U\

&QINQI^?;#S7
M=U&76YR



MA9%R2P0K4OW2(8C4@(+9YO0^JD`+%T@$%'







M)##:KIM


MQB@7I
VJ8%0*4E\5HUJ0^FH8M8*

;3Z_04&3N

D:Y(&UD



M4E\-HU:0$94SJX0QKQ(&%
Q+IO?12G



]/
M!H0(2^Y+1JD@O=Z
42Y(?16
2D'JJV)4U)?#:-64'?W)HS*F37#:\1!A3
M3V;7T4B^&*PPO%ZLBKR2D(0Z2F:

\@QE$YK2FT?&=T

:M*$5C$I!FK!B5`M27PVC5I`1

MC%$N2'T5C$I!ZJMB5`M27PVC5I`1E3





M+L`M



I@:X-M#+8UV

=#'8

CJ:YQO^\Z?*1P
M79@W.N@&2_@+_.FB?V4\7;P=D']E/@K]^A




5!BL-

M'].ELH[0CDZUA@?QVQY)9:5.^R3[E55G4V'^T2AYRI9'P]L!194U6ADL/#.I




VH8M8Q6C-:
M-HRVC':


VH8M8Q6C-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C(X!







XO\&2_R!^0]OKE@M!2D^X.I
M(+W2C%$N2.\%%X+45RE(?56




MV:D@S&`O53_:E\LE(68CIX248Z%6DF
IZ&*.E5AI-U`+\G.DZ6*C5I)C*TA]





IJ1[Q3&N?CUR
M[KWJ%PT(BR%AN


*E


MAR@SK2CW:FC^.ERSJ/^S
;FAV/JMVPEZC+H
5@Y2TNEX*\*8P@O=:
42Y(
U/&.T5Y0[QAOR<1S







T))1.B\ZB96V8#\V]B<L&!4LJ^*?=6<
YYZ-I0.'4O&BO5XV('\[4:PNYE6$
IB9HUFIIT<]1RM^-(<5YSC6JPNYKC1'%THK^/EY%:\




$+66.?.9F/@LH;N;*
MOP#KH


MEH*[&B@?Z[?AY@;*QU)PCP/Y6`IN9:!\+`5W--!^+`4W-O#;+`7W):%8(RCN



+`6WWQ$#2\%=^


3B;N_S6F64-QM;E;P


MB(&EX%49Q
!2\
9

M5#@?O

M





MV^;F;\/W


M'(;3+)'&?2.&%7Q@!&U%'QG!&U%'QN*'$?CF%O^
008FTI^+@0VH*EX!M#
M:`N6

MZ%@*SL5#=P%I]\A.I:0_`0'4O!67BX4DM93+`.QL&67-HY%'=\)BLX+A/1
(V-^.&


MCJ?'K[84G%*/Z%A*.\9MM_[+EE$
YC=HV_WK(Y&R@+(TE11*:BH9E


MI:E48]SAP+L!7$=K*(VIM%!:4UF


M([
/@=*:RAQQF]MQ@[(TE11*:BH9E

MF7T(E

I4YKF=N
M7L\RM)44BBIJ610,E/)H12F4D(I3:4888TQLEI]:4TE0I*92HUE-I4&BB-

6@E*920VE-


M8#`X

Y(I+
B(S*W_XC__Z
M]


M^N'WAT_OO[YY_//A

9NMWGYZ
M__'SZ^+A_LM+?#S^^NO'#P^;QP]_?7KX_*TX^?+PQ_MO./^OOW_\\ZMY^_3A



MX^N?Y_?GQ7SQ^NU//TP*_=^/#W]_=?_]ZNOOCW_OOWS\Y?3Q\P/D1D-)$_SS



)3Q0B;


1=L2GS_]1%UD0V1+9$=D3V1`8B(Y$#D2.1$Y&S)T$93.`]901C)*+8,\.K
M&%UAEGO::%V-:N\ALB6R([(G,A`9B1R('(F<B)P]6IA(NVI)7A2RV)\5\A5
MG)ZN8]=:5R




M=&!T9'1B=`XHB59ILOJU`E^T0^8
&]D^4&NM\54JZJRO)F&=M_W;-:W*8+

M-1[

M


*

M=&:Q/TOZ_YQ@__GX)^;GMEE5E@M!L(+B$C'G3^MYM3)9-XRVC':
]HP&1B.C
M`Z


=HSVA@-#(Z

#NS\V*^\^






MY[.AS@B7!863^E(N+NEU[I@%A?FP(&RTV2ELM*!#6T.M
^T481%M!?=FU7P-

*J:D:9-M2+7-9_
W:3R-YJA5=U#DJCN:U;/5G5)U
?0U6
ML/D:#35?!_9U9%\G*]A\G0U-OD*&<_7$:F;B215=X,3I,G6M19<MDZ_8;1E
MM+
:79+.5@.CD=&!?1W9ZL3H'%`4ZHG5C-P92U.?HC3(TQIOK5;RIUY].$DW


MZ&BH^3H9:K[.ACJJ/+%8P=1#JA04\R-*R[4@\B-Y[C+UWTT[:C)N#;7+[8[1
MWI`F06]F[E8-_C--*$




O$

LBQB6?%].=LNCQJR59
M`*&UPAQ9D

.Q-K+8ATIUEUKN+%U\W=-)/.\N)L:U[:.-PIPI\F9/'R
M?%V#%D1=[8R6=^F)K=%J].=-X^7`)W'L%:2`3^TDY-)QLZ`]-W
S11P3+5FA
M?$^'+BN:T*%UD=




MM2%D.%4'?I.@65G!K;EO5XQ=LW*^\J
=^V9EO@;V-38K[ROE+H=F!5]1+4F=


ZR\&*
M/'7&05KI


-NQS3




^:XU9PE9^&V5O!Z+X%/S7:8%;-_=C<RU!(
M41VL0'3;E(^:HGV\II=6Z]@Z(JT+OUXN:)^K%:EH]$+&QMU'+U0JF!638R=




M=&1T8G0.*`HE:Q2WL*H]2GCJ407YC2EYAU4NZVVO:L-HRVC':

-HRVC':

M3JWP^J99[5M!YSYO.0W-R@J.`44=)%/N#
A5R:#]]H8BOY^F2)Z_:_'FAQDW



;+/`HWS<!DWAKR_57=-+0WJ^+Y^B[OG`S-P#R/AKCWXLFI7MP3CBF2
M(C\
%2%(JVG#:&NHQ;!CM#?4?`V



L_:*I6V$RQ

4

MM&6T
_?^6E5.POD:N.`84&P\R6M:X]G*2!X93GM


M!R3--\[
!N)6&7;:#.VLSH;VKN0S%0S.S+R-H8)PI;KU*=E+1GI)S&!ISM]-
Q:[!NZI#0A$LUR
M4&,=PZM%7CK+M1I3Q*617JQLI%_QB\7FQX]T/8'6]?=F=6&DA]IN;_+O7HSF
MIC/4?1[VDA[`9I<^:!(&.H%8<5JG6*C5KCJ&-HJPI+(T

MHQVC/:
!D9C



=2LMH9\W
677U:859LF!T/-UVBH$XCD



MXD#F




ZCYK+`X3C7):;$@/F*(3UF(
MCQCBH[((B1@:U9=-(4F:PQ?1^:RD/_XJ:BR.TZM\&]C
=)SVFE13JW;90
C*
M0C\FAI!K66E2_
YSW!I$_-7`-:EWE.*7O*07?\E78OR%Q7%:F!N3:%)BB$]9

MLB-F9:$;$T/
D@+]!`F?;)XFVJB`IDAM3)<374:
M0X#$$*R$`Q!$AE$1(QA.3+QIF#Z!U&E4_C!94A;'Z3QOHL_MFVHE*4TW
M_/&!
H,7H]T_J?]`CVIO=4$/7U?20Q*/
MGAXE(8EZ%!:NK38DG<_9IDA7+4+X1)#N.0/(1%#2+YLDDRB1;2I4TUK$BG
M$.#1%,,GPN3FVMUZ;JZ2F+CFX7%#+=\O!G-TLW

MA6KF]FR


\7V-2
M2E*=IM3E/E=2H]CG-%UJ&S.0JS!W#Q@SJ+*V30LQE+7`(8;Z:PQBD#]$3OX0

MTK




01(91$2
83DRZ:0)
?IA51RGQB2
DE]V\6*=J;G]KTE




-D1L[+0E8DAYEI66I6V8R!`-3#G$
`[2@)(






MD-#7F24%.HY=\](ESW#7G]VDJ44/.P-FZA5V'^$69C_AEF8_XA9F/NH09T




(G!@
M)X9V)X8H/4M1^JS+1]E)KO1[$K+$J1&MKNEN5\^LDXN;F3X-L[K.'PR%#N4D
MD`['8A!!V7^Q*A&2*-F6B




(#4L
(?FR
:3IBP:=D/1+!R$D96E4T_ZZ
MF97!TWLBL5F8[-NY


MLM





M41BNQ'8:B)P8(E?6RB)R]=?40.14%LU-#*%Z?S'4Z6?G6ZAUFIIXRF:4Q4L_
MWTE1



M0]Q:U$X5XA*#N

MA



M]6
:J3USM4P]$[(5




M@GS%#@_BVCE`/F5!/F*0C\I,&(0C,I
&(0C






DA*#I
0@*3%(2@R2
M$H.DQ`I,4CJ69)4EDM.TM83=1WE5ZKV^:,H&U_7=%G6+CV0C1AD(P;9B$$V
M8I-&&0C!MF(039BD(T89/

&

M
6A$#!H1@T;$H!$Q:$0
&A&#1L2@$3%HY%G22!+XKD9R(%\;E+6AAGY$#!H1
M@T;$H!$Q:$0

G\GW3[`
MA*IKYGZ]3&MCR%F*ACOIS`GV4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD)
8Y/0LRCE]K.E[

[.9;SMGMC
-\SUOR*I^_J1&61]27U06LWT

MC:K@K9TAN+*VNB`R,JR
0@
OF#HN0/&E)9:$@





M![=IR*[-+$P1G/]6
WVADFX:;:N%ZWL=MJ\

M=-BQLF=K/56S9VL]5[.IUM1&LGSIME%9U_A^O-#OYJ&-K
^B073]T\;_IK)F

MCS(:^^5KC7-S-Y)?GIRR^4+L0^45CZ0F=9-],7,*%:;,4\XLH8\_7*UC
MC;ULWVQ






5\NI)M%P!\JK=LS



\/YL^W`/L;.O[&RIJ_


MO]


!^1:\']-$/Q

MY4)P/\U@7$XN`-(^O7)8




O6
X_87$T#N&&!820^\83G\A
M


80]D]A[Q]#N
QG3O6/H#C/I$[UCZ`XSZ1.]8Y!R

6L]D'/6.R=W!^^DF%L\]

?DWM
]]
-)#XF]XO$

=Q;O+F?;C!R?7(3^![_ZL4@=W[OIQN.7$[N


^EG&?O&


E9Z/B$EKBO]8^B:
MN*[TCT%/C'=YJI+/$[I@KNL?PVE@7NH?@T_)AO%0(?M$L^(:\.2Y+&0\].)#
MD^/ZT#^&T\?UH7\


M]X]A*2*:=7UBK2+S6=EM3W



M/)3%V?R.?[Q^`3ZZHGC\WE6&^
(329Z[K'T'17TGZ]
8;SO)+S[!U#TUU)









M
_^IT?;


<!:H28O'V4T*[Y
MD-Q4(XSDIAIA)#?5"-CI!I=F3%2K;J%7&R#I0=+QBK;9EEP2WB5
=V.+LGW.JW98
EW

^2T+N9K1/C:VMF?);O:M




N_84]9;[5^P#JTU/.CQXKU;YJPXRQG1V[

;FI1OMR7#_Y_(?QGF8T[5W:


DC
M-4)

.
T(
7FD1HC)(S7B


M*AWI*@
9*A.9*N7C$['I\88TE8YTE8$
E8EL*@M9*ANEQTTKP`M9*I62:^?)
MU-?C8*90JU(^?*(/[.I
19I*1[K*0(;*1#:5A2R50DO+7[24
5&EL4U3Z4A7




M*AWI*@

MV506LE1VBCF[UG(.Y*YR(J=*H=^*]EM%FDI'NLI`ALI$-I6%+)4=V54*[2G:
MGHHTE8YTE8$







5!0


M:&P%MMOT_/M]*7'$CV%]VG-QW#PS')+#(3DD=?_'C^/;Z'MSOAS:T\/8F\S&

]_W'^TYZ^7UZ:Y




'P_[

7UG-_/'V\[QSTWT/S


=R!*+)OWU`3_C\Z'D0

M'GUI+M?D(



MY]'XBW^H#@Y1=



MH-Y'C
2

)(RDC&2
Y(P4C)2
5(K1/#-=B?7:X1


Q(QL
M&4D821G)&
D9*1@I&:D8J75B^`&K@NX'F05-1.)\?3WLOVY:S`QO2(*$NND?

B?7QZ!'&@X8H$GFN





M;2Z85I!%GM3U!W&AV%L=*BP=P24E
OX2@E=--\IK3(?$Y(F2\X*@GIYH-`
M151W3U4I+3)?$](7TI^'HDC%74X7W


MP

M=;/&@K14C:6RI??1VJLKI45]K


MHYR0LE5P6R5I*5L51S4AOD;@6..
OHY;7I&G'NQ'PY1?V(F3+!?HZSU/[Z76
MN,ZF`J6UB%@Z[+%EPJIA=M9H[459`U(E.-$.\MWGJROC/^
Z
[)Z
J
2AX








T8
##MU&?N]W&
MXAM\




'&V8(($I$A\5;'




MDN!B+1071+P







MW]_]@(G?;K_=/OU[




M'U=N&LKR#



M44M&M






M;!
/]TI5I!FU1T'O;ABU6G#8WULL+\Z2K*-3%;'=1X:BQL^3A.ZU(3[HQP/`
MH_!6[]$Z&.*

M$2Z-

M

M.E40R[T@OB'/DVQ-)MV!)Z/29U(ZN$JOA59*516C6E#8+F]+42M::JMCU`LR



=HS.C`Z

M
WVJ%MZLEIOD;EIY6QA+<D$UHX91RZACU$<H;IQ+DX*;VS3;

AUFERRTWR6*2TM'A?Q6OY%;F5'-9B*,@%&+6PHNBZKJD.B-?
M[

MV*`21]6CI


N[Z2Y^OZ:JQ\

M)?VC%A5=TC1R!3H_M*+U8G6=:/F]V]4



2DJRHJ
8XJQO

MK[R6Z?3)N?6-4


[WB2HHT(`9'8


M=6!;1]%BK[A9T?+*P..Q[1%&H_;



MW^RSCB=]UB


=HSVC`Z
MCHP^
-1.\_N`^/+!7*@1Z$#1_3*-J:W%6YC,FJD1C7?JI;.
MX;R-J5H2GY[1CLWO54O-\S:F:HGY8X1B-T?9;C!Z.=N]\$C;6WH4;6/RJVVJ
M)1=4,VH8M8PZ1CVC':,]HP.C8X0B1ZVC!%@=-?!XFO,HVFU8S9*'#:6EQ0LX
MK_52`BR&-)EJ&+6D-5
/?L*WG#?
M;[Q6^+:?VK*JZE0L5?4_5=6.J]JK+:NJ@XJEJN-K5<4SBEL/!-&9^NRX3@C?
MK5N/*/H*?C5+GXQXK6PV?JN\6B533A4HR77GB'K%=1X%P1VZD\\5JL4AW

OQ[1
M6K=**D:U(

@7K:Z)^AA?QLR*O=6





3^








M69*+EJJEW66T'PR&FK4:1BVCCE'/:
=HS^C`Z
CH`Z./C#XQNHQ0'`B7]UJ!
M&//A

TN


]HP.C(X1




M!A[/#QX%.^0EHTJ0KG5K0=KPAE$K2#/=3I#:Z@6IK1VCO2U=1DMHZ#*\D
M6;,,\ZU/A=5(X5&T^%MER790:6EQ[Q4M%P9\%KN.SI/=!I^SC:L_4=?\H&'4
ML(=\X6^+%ICU1F.LHT79+TH:&4[1GM!+U9V$U?&8W2HRCP^F*;K^FR(PK
MB'`'E0QCP:K/$:5(%W6UH*TJ0VC5I:[P2IK5Z0VMHQV@M26P=!:NLHR/#*
M




M':.](+5U$*2VCH(


//MA##[[80PP^W
M$

GKOHNTXA&Q2DTM!
MR(@A9,00,F((&3&$+&1)R)(5X.LAXZ5AA@\,C9-
`K9B@ZGDK)QR*:BXA.$

4B2&*5`6B..F%523+)41Q4I
+]52D;
M;K`:#`&<S,GU(X#$$UBB!8Q1(L8HD4
H2&&T!!#:(@A-
00!V*(0\B2.#RS

AS)BZLM&

M16*(XL_4A\!&];D?F8^'`L)


M$-E#3*@L8D(


M:3*W`:%;NO@]4V[IXF?)$+JEBY\E0^B6+GZ6S*6X+GZ6#*%;NOA9


M@J=@N7M(PQ(\#










C

M=XXF2W!\:5Z;$IQBFKM3-;D


M?K
D.+(8?K

M+$FYPG8`CJ?GEA:X@N*9*\#JT)14*.

N@]/EX5%+
M@A/ET5)+@H/DT1

MV+A

\=

M


M265*:DAJ4])`TIB2%I+.E/20]*:DF&.NFIL]!)+*E-20U*:D@:0Q)2TDG2GI

_R*S^UD/2FY(B
MP_C)K!Y?0E*:D@J2RI34D-2FI(&D
24M)*TIZ2#I3$D/26]*K2T,%M:0E*:
MD@J2RI34D-2FI(&D,24M).TS$NPX9U:_[C+T1%/20]*;DB+#
[
$0Q)94IJ

$%``&``@````A`$B(5D%&1@``







MOW[X^



'T;ASUWG]YN<?&Q<=/K[_ZVOP]ZNO'Y[^*K]\_&7V

E!F#?SX]_69
ZU\
DL)OJ'31C

MAV\RX`-3Y-W3[U*3_/^K3Q]-%$CGW_[GI]
Y<`?G7U=J]Z?1O


UT=




M(ED*\A04*2A34*6@3L$D!=

MG%)P3L$E!:

981
MR8D41$HB%9&:R(3(E
B



MG


MR/3QVKU/AB?S1FA+3J0@4A*IB-1$)D2F1&9$YD061)9$5D361#9$MD1V1/9$
M#D2.1$Y$SD0N1$8C1H^







ID&K-&

M`%+Y(Y!JG1B=@;3@A9&$&PVDQ!8S/^!-T^)`

MSO*27'^FYJAG#J3U+!@M@:YV8Z56D%\#J?R&T1;(=F.8+D!V^CF$]T`J?&!T
M!+K:[I-:0?X


@U5HP6@*IUHK1
M&DBU-HRV0*JU8[0'4JT#HR.0:IT8G8%4Z\)(PHH&4J9)9G[`&[DXD
RF?EL@
)PI&)=#5
MVBI8V=H&0WEU['X7[+@K&&N54\838&N5CV#59B6];O)O64.JU+LKX%K+1=
M2ZP(*UP5[*&Y%X?`VK4(L:L8&5-F(+%!:D1NQ@%3<B9\]K$(M:L0!5MJ(






M'$BU%HR60*JU8K0&4JT-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z

)
CL


M([UM9(QR(+UM%(Q*(-6J&-5`JC5A-`52K1FC.9!J+1@M@51KQ6@-I%H;1EM&

+0CFV4H;4P#'A;AF;VMMMF.+OG

MHQVC/:
#HR.C$Z

M@E$)I$-=,:J!5&O:`JD6C-&<R#56C!:`JG6BM$:2+4VC+:
=HSVC`Z
CHQ.
MC
Z


\N(\*..82.

MT831E-&


YHPFC*:
9HS6C!:
EHQ
M6C/:
-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z


+49-8H[9.&)QS+V4\2='GLT#IR3C=TBVA=&(
9!DK/Y]JOZMIJKVZZ34
M@5S1H5#\H(8K$JUN3IC*I:H6#-:

MV@:8^9HS#9UN$CH2Y=X

MIU?-D16Y

MT9'1B=&9T861A!N-FL06LW'$XMAZ9@_!?&%1.E-:9-8D/I#22V?LRD5&M)&8



H./V8
MPTH[6C`J@52^`M)G:C60:DT838%4:^90T*XYK%1KP6@)I%HK(&W7&DBU-HRV
M0*JU`U*M/9!J'1@=@53K!*1:9RUN@IO


U
`92K0LC^;(\^_Z724)\-%&/1H]JA@I&8[#G^A1?!<GN



M#WC3M#B0)'=HNR_W#4^F4XNB?)?.L;IR9F/67P!T@65JA7;G0'JW*!B50%?E
M*[6?`VD\A-&4R;XO5O'JZ?8U5SU#



MWC8*1B50F&E0;16LW
'=/%9XW.M:\)HG2UKAFL7

MM`2Z6O4*5G'&EKRLLH95J$4)YP96VJXM4%B0?+V#5=R(=(


)

UD`Q/\@*+HB28#JS*5H8I)TDPLI*


!P%F-\OLAO\X?9[
M8RJ3E\2O7\'3@548Z6R=

MJ=:*T1I(M3:
MHQVC/:
#HR.C$Z



MS1C-@51KP6@)I%HK1FL@U=HPVC+:
=HS.C`Z
CHQ.C.Z
))?F7'/6&3'QM^@

M5#`J@72X*T8UD&I-&$V!5&O&:`ZD6@M&2R#56C%:`ZG6AM&6T8[1GM&!T9'1


M3Q_Z?;W

)HRFC&:
M
UHP6C):
5HSVC#:
MHQVC
Z
#HR.C$Z
[HPDCF!!G+TV
+&$8LC^9FM@@%O
M%3@4'NQDE#'*&16


)




G7;Z
813N




M


MGUU

K3[?0$*RUX9G0!AM!'1J-8.;BYZ%[DQP
M'3WI*DOOKRB!TPZ)]_Q@R2'PAR440:D&4X.I+TM&)5`FGE50*I5`ZG6A-$4
M2+5F0*HU!U*M!:,ED&JM@%1K#:16&R5WP*IU0Y(M?9`:G4`4JTCD!8\`:G5
MF=$%2.4EANQP!R]@2M`XUJC%02

=HSVC`Z
C
MHQ.C
Z

2B`=VHI1#:1:$T93(-6:
9H#J=:T1)(M5:,UDJ
MM6&T9;1CM&=T8'1D=&)T9G1Q*'QS?=3'AV3NYXL2^)@,GO6_AW$X'9G][+#
MY]KRXR7-$B2\^Z;A/8:13L(9HQQ(Y^640FD6A6C&DBU)HRF0*HU8S0'4JT%
MHR60:JT8K8%4:\-HRVC':
_HP.C(Z
3HS.CBD'O[O
_?OBFSEAU\
=&%K6
M






M$T93(-6:
9H#J=:T1)(M5:,UDJM6&T9;1CM&=T8'1D=&)T9G1Q2'8(
(YR


M



M
Q;!U-4?)(]RQFJ%B
L8Y8P*1B6CBE'-:
)HRFC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MH
MQVC/Z
#HR.C$Z

MRAD5C$I&%:


?\
3%[FGE9HXCIU5L)61
M.12\L)W#*NRLTU)4PDKE*]:J8=72DV=RM`?.T1R*%]/I\;:QLY(73IN3(KW[


MKDYK%6P-9\XJ0#F0W@4+:*D/2ECI%\Q5C&J@1BOJH?Q27_OE:3^([_M@\04Z
M2.Y78YA=W\?

'RQTLV(P3!]FR\HH%8C7W3&-`_.%RJ.2
P10M;MK!5UNWL$T+V[:P

B$F8$9


M0BR+G6N9;!&C/@E


/KRZ


MS#.URST+G8ZRRDIOI_-



/!Q*)5%HUE6M'K8+KMC#EHF'
MH2U1:%G@*_$?
?&?8Y'_B(G_J*RXC)BXC



F#J.RXC!BXC`J*SXB)CX*RR8^
M
CE]JX]LLB_NA:_%1Y;%\R!M]\+


<2F_8@V2RDJG2FEW?119/6C-Y
;*9

M[
YNN/01'_E9HOD@6?HX%B=4O$AU9B\M4F'F'E3?I2O&O`.+
$U@5GH[F0S]




M%1\1$Q^%91
?F?5JX_L0B+VD67Q+,K+TJY;@]C)@[Z)27SH#3.XD/'HFN9



LL




M^D

MA14MK&QA50NK6]BDA4U;V*R%S5O8HH4M6]BJA:U;V*:%;5O8KH7M6]BAA1U;
MV*F%G5O8I87)BWP\P*
P.##J\B)?9)E$HTG^6J/19H7QA69W)@A+MK$),R(
M29@1DS`C)F%&3,*,F(09,0DS8A)FQ3
B$F8A2SQD4GB6GUDL[O81XY%$Q(Q

Q05=_JB8.).5VWX
MTI3:!57PBWQJ!CGQ
%4A'J8JQ

58C30Y8XW:1B@=/USFQS



S#SMO4LK2O&D




O^?0[E:VQ'%C9:FJA8#4W;A8V1H*)C843-(B66)#LB0MDB4V
M)$O2HE%B0Z-ZVI9&$;MK



M4Z&#)V/$U7:?J`PZ#5OKGA%`M^_YX6-]`\W.2QED-[I996/$BQ'RWUH_T]RR
M3!

MNPYXPUK2JXU&5
6\=Q%I1(EM(C8:47(=C2BQT8@2&XTHL=&($AN-*+&MQ+86
MVT9LN=@*L6W%]BZVG=CV8CN([2BVD]C.8N.Y0RH
SQW$2`.M2]AJC1'-:VLL

G9N^E39

M6]/-;BN4O-7F!;1QLK67#E)%Z&KR[ZW'V]K'IO/L[I;*YYC#K72^YCY%AL

MU7:?UN!TF5\M\






O/__TY[]^^O+KI\&GWW__XX?_^OR/O]&
M/_^<<W^PY=/O_S'GV+=XJW7(7]&E%N:DL7RQ1OO2=(#4MC[\$PZ=NQ
43]0

!9+;!6/;I4N-MV\UTEUO;23./USDA8CBFMA-%?WBXM)TT8


M$%



R3J;E[$99C%&
;I3%&
7H1EF



':WXTA\?PP1C%
M?PP?C%'\Q_#!&#X\A@_&*.)CE-

M=



M=Q_011FZO**+LG@7`M^5Q0L/^*XL7GS`=V7X_AJ^6YL@R5.DL_9)NJ=(9PRY
MGD(S8\CU$IJ9GFCV$IH90ZZ7T

M\



MW


+921).+K\C%L:PPA28SERG#[(7SWN!Q&Y1NC



%#
MS!^44?R8/RB+#?

6.^:'[\9BY_P8ZXS%=OG1)HQQB
%E7#+6


XS2

M5?$M3A5








M3

MDA5DI60-V2C)(;F2P^LCKMJOUPER4G*&X*HEHB'^LJBH7H['4&6KP19*1D

M0(::WP@R4C*&C)5
(%
E&213
H/
E

M)6?(60E-GGKH*=N`-DIR2*ZD@!1*MIMDG?(NY(=9*=D!IDIF4/F2A:0A9(E
M9*ED!5DI64/62LZ\:=7K=3UN#-97%CW.\0`
M!;#2%#)2/(2
D8
E8R@4R4

K;W(#R%`+
8*
E(PA8R43R%1)

D8
E8R@4R59)!


NKUKW]3W24-O%'D`&FMT0


D8
E8R@4R5
M9)!

1#
M+=\(

M^[!T;.^3RFLB*F*H^8T@(R5CR%C)!#)5DD$R)3/(3


MOO9079**')$MNQ6GJK7)Y5[&\X.-;\19*1D#!DKF4F2C)(IF0&F2F90Q9*
MEIEDATB[%2#/62OY``Y*CE!3DK.D+,2VE9$MLJ6H*62%62E9`W9*,DAN9(
M4BC90MZ5]/I\#

H%
E6203
D
M
E

M5LD[Y%W)#K)3
H/
E


D8
E8R@4R59)!
R8IBK[34

M#)(IF4%F2N:0A9(E9*FD0(1-=A=DKVD+V2`^2DY`PY*Z'=1SH;`::*9E#
M%DJ6D*62%62E9`W9*,DAN9(^Q$L=#6NH:4:0D9(Q9*QD`IDJR29DFV'`$2_
M9=M#]DH.D).2

HLE'W.N





M9`?9*:'($0UW=&F45.YM.
M!K%)NM@J@SHVP40!U;H1M`JAS(QF$#5KD/FRK

KR$K)&K)6





M[__[R[^'IX]__^T[QGLE53Y\^1TMX=]7GSZ*$\#V]__U\^L;M/#QE^^_X;_6

M9Q8_&N!
+CJ23
N`2@(0D.%4DR)Q)X









M&X02E8O5[:H=\4TFM;CKMKZM2=U




M&@&5^'Z;*/91U
:EC.HM0SN&]@P=&!H8&ADZ
G1BZ
S0I8%:4B5[*3614*S
MBNAM!8IIXYR@+4,[AO8,'1@:&!H9.C)T8NC,T*6!6E:PP*:L-Z%9`K%.4C0

G1@Z


MA&KV]FK4*13H2OYIDM9AW8,[1DZ,#0P-#)T9.C$T)DA/-B;%BT8A*ZV1/T@
MU0$=_3*GT)NIJN[;I@V*A42HBU#.X;VIM[CD0-+#0R-#!U9UXFES@Q=&J@E



8B3
M-WEJG;I=S3E






M

MJ^BZ+@9-NIH(1Q*1R);Y[H2WBZI!F
7!=SLGV*C4RE?Y+4
[AO:F/@3I+#4P
M-#)T9%TGECHS=&F@EJ@?9#
WG


M9:SO!ZXX
#2RKB/K.G'%
T
7@Y)P1U*0P%8-=TIJ$H-`20M!E.@*KMB=3&Q4
MN&.2]'&NE6IV_MI)9WUR=G.M/@\W%OS/H$/)O5L6X.WY3U:W7?O;8V9+IHO
M1^[$*:M(!I^]$[)UW[HS




'1NUUVXU)&]9:A'4-[A@X
0')C5V<!O

+F45


?'

M@53QO$\I#R]2/)B4*Q[;'L_?=





M_[:I0#7`J@5IP8*-7Z\6I
?:P)1
$JSR+?K1<*17=9TV]CY'A1*L[NIL!A3N\Q;:M$#&\3MU9%SLB^UE3=]&NV
M0Y5X5O=@8JY[-$C[C2BJW]VJQ(]TMX1CX2'US?3CX[+9S[\<QGE5\C=0+.
M[&@$M2<%JQGW83=:$5(V7*T96C'T)ZA`T
#0R-#1X9.#)T9NC10RVB6:\EB

GALX





;1G
MZ

M:YR$=F':5N



H6:-V[6\X[3C4HU;]SP


MT[!`
-):VJI4@'8&1;.THD

MQVT
H]S/)[@SNX1

20V+(%`SAB.FV
M0.UVL^A/`50*?BX+U2VM4UYN+.\
\N5WS]#!H.B5M(\-+F7J1X-XD;Z5

GG



Z7NP7N%
MXC9E4L\V/;1-WU(T




Q3(+NT?V$HKU
M2T!XJ-`E0K0EJ$=0WN&#@P-#(T,'1DZ,71FZ-)`+5L225G8$^=+B;`V/`]



M*=0=`G3QU4:E0C2R96C'T-[4Q\&L@9\-T\`5QP9JC9
X)5F`[DO\TGAJ@619
MKF[)#TBUXI4'I95$OKN?'UGI;[4[1DZ&(2MM_:'#M8&D]*6WJS;#RMTAQBC
MB4]-MTQ)E),Q5:*?AJD@2D;E




M0Z-!;
A\%H
FMZ3@;7!D6#

//^QR.X@Z0*U$&L6'#:
M!



@830ZL(DPCHL6YGDH01F4DEO&A-*E@[
M3^?]D;G\NBCNI^U$PHC68N

+C6E1&E3W##^BI@RF%]5-19+Q%*

)@4

M[


=7$&MBSS_:@0L5


M15.(@&T8CZ,,)HP#&VM.X5S_K





-#&D5
-9A
MLF*-&Q

M=BOF[Z!AJ`L6'E;`;JJ+H28
ID9]G:D27[BI-1'02V/:H=98!
35O6Y]T^5T
M6)6+V+7L4










Q[QMLC5C7I@0S


M2!AH(PRT$0;:`-MA($VPD`;8:-



YA

+)HE-9\_T#:WRG\013
KU6-
M$IBO37AX!O.K7&B?H,0Q$P=&*E5@76,2*@2&*GKG5TOT3AYB6OP],%T;^8J
M)QF!6TZ?:@MB5A66%W6H:A@L)PR6$X:!)PQF1JPSLPN[W,PDO-(;)21BK2:M
ME_2T*Q-+HG$3T[=+U\O^-DP043H1DA,001B(4QVC%H$-RJF+2+&ZD(W4!6U

(C,.\5\R]58K%J-NQF`UZ8.)I`\V17V=31*3


M[;B\O8NS04&5
.V@(&KJ*)`8)E!P?5




MU*82+4V:7$F1`&N:

MKN&@$

Z\)T

$MHK[6UNE;]



P%W!NE/H[N@&=%8QJPHZ
M0.=A(%.PD`G8:3,-!)&.@D#'02!CHCUM$I`=^?HK-$BV=!<
[JL8)Z%0
MBZ[OBO15G2!F54%GK6H8Z-1FXZFVRX4F^%3;Q4P=&*8FP#`U`8:K7&RBB_E`

ODH8
M?)4P



K!+RDOX2!WUIW2FS[0:R

DN6).GV+43GHV!O2('MJT/6%$5:]@C#.Q171!&
5SG'#A73QR&T1@Y!PK2/%7--QP0[5:QHO^N?O9Z#








MCW.5\\RL'B7N@$#GX2!3\+`)V'@DS#P21CX)`Q\$@8^0.?A('/B+5\3I?T
M!#[K.J&W]S0^9YC[R&;.V#;!=@FV3[!#@@T)-B;8

V$@
ME30&K&.5$DO@B?[XJEY1\-DP=J$X;;;A\!D$6M^U4`Q#Y98%2L'9O0%$-J
M`G&/9PRTOJ0]

M(AV7DFRTFUK!F@1!+VP*#TW`N8J/J8@6;&&9,)`LF(QD#+,]8%#J@L.0.'

9#R:U
MU5@U.4DRL69-+E6;LY#E3;=@PH.KF+4*OE_2*H9`Q;Q5#$%5%VSM=P*
2A6S
M5C$J5UKM!DH2B72@2H;1#E3!VD7FKN







MZYX%:]?)@N&G+]8/
$L8F%6L8;9@(88!LU075!(&*DD?J1]H)+J@COP%W4


1Q=DUFX;ZJF)KOAD4P@#
]UURZI

`.D#W:0/KDWZ0&_!0EH





V`
MN:G?/4H9_LG(P+R?/TR3GW7*@OR`?[)ZLA(_X)^L#.O!_&%:%%BGK
.B&3-BT#)G@W0/^2?LI95
`QS8@AKM[F`(Y+D



GF:)+QD9?(827C)



.A%VRGMHK!/#*GO`C_JR

1_2
GG;'N.0YD3RUCW&(2V35^TQ
M#FF9O&

E[65S#.HDCTG+T)[



UL+8-^-Z
S*H/-&=.9E:\F!\-MUMD%^]@_[TC(

M#KE37H:AF\GX9?5@WTSLR\HP=
BY\C(


%MR
MKK0
MJ^Q#J9EH$1BJ;0

GQ6

M;H@OI67R
5`9VZP]#*OX2UJ&+DI\EAY*@DK94]
R=%'&-BU#%R4&2\O03]F+
MTS)T47PB+4
565O+Z7KG2Z@B:VM:!M


I@F^VU:!M







M'DR3]M*R1^DG_LGZ@INJ9.U)RW!CE:P]:1ENKI*^I&6XP4K6GK0
-UG)VI.6







9*HL9*D$+8WOM)0CGTIEFZK2D*;2

MVM*5)6&-)6.=)6!3)6XHX]R7_KK7A(56E(4^E(5QG(5%G(4ID4[J;6V!:R



M2T-;6IB4I&JTIFTI&N
IA,I&ILIELETN]`/+DATY5$[D5`GV6^A^*TA5


MUD*6RH9L*CNRJQS(H7(BITH@H5*0HE*1JM*0IM*1KC*0H;)1J-JT3K4CN\J!

BI$NRWT/U6D*K2D*;2D:XRD*FRD*6R(9M*

ED%`I

M_
015FNC`UDJ.W*JL%R!V.S
84
VE1W950[D4.%Z:%IJK\/*SEQH*7N']09



MVW\!``#__P






M_-Y]_M@_G)_O1][\=G8W\1QW-KKYMCN=H[V('=ULOY_.A]?_29&C4LDDKDHR






MP$$H@6S00A%I17]F9WFWL//&6J3S)ARD&IAI%G




1[@HTR*=.O](





M5

G




M1(I(


M]5#GB?BA95VH`[JY\!TJ.J'EPQZR2`$@-)@*1`
BY(OJZ&M:\6/WA06$
ME4`J(#60!DAK$MLG

M5`MO
7#S`5
WUAA(`B0%D@')%;G<W<!5%Q!5`JF`U$`:
M(*U);


@#J]MT7SH(1M8&F<R^
@*E:BO
%-7#M!9%QQ#7`(D!9(!R8$40$H@%9`:2`.D
M-8EM`%LJN'1D<JI/2VNZ%J_$B[#4MQEHC2A`%**$

NUB@A$
M%&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6@O9_KIOQQ$7_
]K'?H$JE1B*H(48PH090BRA#EB`I$

S'6?:V4BCO$5D?7O4S;$2`*$46(

M'9+Y*5*C$%41HAA1@BA%E'*$16(2D05HAI1@ZBUD.T0F_'_[3!-L?QI0!Z


MZM/;[@-\YM.KU0-\[M
?'0_<;37W:
ML#@G_GTUOL`G_MQ=U_C2Y6C+;;OFZ==N3D^[=].-R^[1VI+DUNQ6?(H=^/*

IFN_@\GNPQ69P)9FZH'V7:I9GXI$NK9Q







SW+P_Y1O9/Z_^II





MXNIG/^=\-%[


[:-T'Z5%%+]J5




M(IK5J8*U=RQ$ZE9MT+0Y5=#CPUJ*\&3X$L()(02(@FQA$1*B&3D$LH))02

M;`;
EN.[D=C9$CM@N1R)(3IM`\Y;:M9F[?9W!$+S&5\(:&44$FH#;V!G46







D@.*2`E
MI(+4IMAIUPV7D78

MI+B(\2`^)($D`@20Q)(LD@.:2`E)`*4IMBIUTW9Y?2WC9M;PU$1FO7#412




M$@^BD_-A/%N


NQ(/XD``20B)(#$D@*20;I-D)'-SU

M(#XD@(20!)#$D@*R2`YI(4D`I2FV*G_U*?[=R-5/6&G8.MMNY`[;.YU1BM



]CV_-
M=+N35^41._6JBS*.


+6'A=ANA@SZ;(W=A'C07Q(
WQB6GYCY-,D2<:R/7.$-,
M#BD@):2U(


M06)(`DDA&22'%)`24D%J4^STBS9^&*W:KORM@P1Z]XD4%^)!?$@`2$1)(8D
MD!2207)(`2DA%:0VQ4Z[:,V'M+,EYT%-J'KB107XD%\2``)(1$DAB20%))!


O6





=Y(G
W$D
M69^C^KJZ)(_DDP)22(I(
2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ2+5%=L5$7_YVQ=BPRWN7JVD;
M8U5L.A7W.=;GJ'/%AAE[\ACEDP)22(I(
2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ2+5%=L4N=?&O
M[F-LZWE:N%)/`=1'+KMF

`
!)
MQGB))2SYR14U)SC5F\K#3QO[I:85L@HK/D]&BS+:$)BEIQ+4DDCPDF!)?@7


M0K5G:DOC@)KDY)50M`Y/A5_U]I*O
(A?/);.&%?C!#SI$(^4S57N0D9R%9



/\1OA%2#H[S)`M+(


EP
!@3246#`V&J[V&HLA2
ORBVD[RQ`:)Y32WX-Y5HS9DF


I7`M`Y/3HGP=1VK'R3A*LT$2#U.,UMS8E7![,6([8Y7\$T3Q14@PQ
$


M40KU8&[QV:UZ#4P;F-W/XTDVFI$]Y):=1(N/1$G2%RT_$'4*`EXZ0YDT-G
M(VZV;R0;=ON]U\6M!+RF?='R5O0/T[


?CMCH!PQE=G!-'$5R;)HFQR^;LR!/?)$3OQI&
%


U+GAM;)2:6W/B.A+'W[=JOP/%^P`V
M&(@KR:G!QG=7;6V=W7UFB)-0$W`*F

M__'S^#;ZWIPOA_;T


Z'AWW8?YR:L^[
%I<?[IP-Z(-P^.C?/

^'I^IP:N!MC)

M&




MD@B[L0VV-DALD-H@LT%N@\(&I0TJ&]0:F
)G@^


9((DF?-`O3Z:CF5Y;ZV`V
M*)'IG)&F2X''=VT9PYT-2B1Z5HGAF/1?=VQM
D);#I0$MV!DN!PHC?%V@GC
M08F:LF4D821E)&

MA81CT/+7EE9

M@@E'*2%E*^
H)Z1L%1R5A)2MBJ.:4)=]F%X1&;#+*S(S1D'R]L;KDV5SP;06


MHY*0LE5Q5!/JUDXS%$7RK7FER[%]7/T%0UKM]?FYJF)#!X8'!\$5DX8]5K&
M`ADLK?0N5EHTKELRKZ]-^A+3!416O(2MLLGE2VM74LKZ\N4%M68DZV;-1:D

M'VJ-65J'@*WGL.58*J26EENDKH*L$5FOA4;(2_#)^L[X-V0]W9*4DU&5&!0]

.[1

M1WY[





`FY
M!#E/*#9=+D%Z$XJ]ETN0Y82%4X)D)Q0[

M

.MX?@8BJ
/E^`4&8H3$)?@
(FVN22XT


'KP5L3
M/.J2X'T)'G5)\





M970U-RYX;6R4FEMOXS@2A=\7V/]@^+UMW7P+D@Q:$DD-
`LL%CNSSXZC)$;;






MANV


M*


M*][








3=!P'-0:G([KV56
UTD]I/**JBS`O*1
M%\767-$PD!HT`H@$H@*Q==
RG[%4WGB!^0F)9S$L/1H\DXH'M\&BR]`D=6W8


:-`*(!*(,:'4;VTDDLDP*^U=FZ&4)J$/V+.U0&QN7S-]W?]
B^Q[HJ-?BNE14,3-Z+A,NEZ<#0V.5UC\T5:U8-



WXV\*'8&Q0QH!!`)1`5B-QF]?[+%T'@!7W;#

M2!
3NI!&*I#HVU;FZ@B]G

M99S40$0@[ID7LZ%ZM4
A@T`_LR4*2!



M[@X%RQ%ESBN`D@-1`10!20)B;4P7A-D+OD_J


T&+%5EE'_Y9+&
M*B5+,K:9E_K(H[<S+.J<?QRO!M5@.C3LD451*00F7.7PY@ZT^X<I3MW=VS/


M*AE7^I3H*
_N]$$O/1)
_[DPQTK'6NCM5%\9:Z
W'7W%SJ]YZ$Z?$'W?OK;_

M1S8UVJHD7=`\S_.;CZ






_/SV^'MX.
MW]]S&.XFG2CO\_W-_0U&^OKYVQ/V0!_VJ]?]]R_7*JFJ=;YR??/U\_$(K9[V

MX%_;H9@KYDN5N^-F3_3$N
?YXE_;LY3-]T3'LNF(?TW'Y/ZR359


M4CJWGXEU7_]A-WN7NRN5BN6[RNDX2!`QZ92ST(%!)VQ



CAR5O#4?QLQW/S=


)1A9X.U?N'-CJ[`[-Y%@
M*L$L!?A_=]!P9

MQ46!G8DBRQ5YKLAT1:XKLEV1[XJ






YBTC$X9RS


FG7RSY%Z9=/*\
MGC=Z+]-/GC



+3O4:6I'M-4J!'YJ\



HN
PGF$BPD6*8@V_V5!&O992/!5H*=!$H1J:4D



`&1N*A
!'C$AX!&*`36F
MXV:BP.MEPL`[)B8./&(P2,F$CQH:`H%I0?#$'&XMNG6
9J'&2L!'4)&A(T

)1@E(+


)QA)
))A*

I&=A9
*@CF?P.Y3_4UD

MH9(3B:E
9)M




M

M6]L.^!PAP40%^]4`O99VYMMKA

RJ__J7]
M(@39-(BTB;2(=(
METB/2)_(@



S.+:[1!'

6S8GQXC
M2P7


_+


AU\8&BII^=(7)=D@9IFD1:1-I$.D2Z1'I$^D0&1(9$1H[H
EU<A]0G5&'!&X4J.'!.X4B`51P6N%$C%<8$K!5)Q9.`S$*FRV+#.
MX&

MY+XD#=(TB;2(M(ETB'2)](CTB0R(#(F








B(R)C(A
B4R(S(G




M/*G8?*0\J=A^I#RI.`#P'02I.`1PVB85!P%.VZ3B



MRXIM5NRS8J/Q]$:1&!U6`#T\BOOM.\*0+HL\L5;#&JY0G5&348-1FU&+49
M=1AU&?48]1D-&`T9C1B-&4T831G-&
T9+1@M&:T8K1EM&&T9[1@A@\E;//64

NLBSJN(]4AG[ALQ'\\395W$?A7Q
M'SG-?2


FHQ:C/J
.HRZC'J
QHP&C(:

1VG=]9%;




IHQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:

Q'56!=)`!0%5@70%4!=:%01!6
M!;UHZ4-5(5WEY%<%_D5.+9^JPKH@?QU?SU0VG!J,FHQ:C-J,.HRZC'J,^HP&
MC(:,1HS&C:
IHQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:



MVQJ)PL`L8C@*`^LBEJ


-AL+`+&(X@/K(I:C,+`N
M8CH*`^LBMJ,PLYB/`H#ZR+6HSP+F(^@/K(O:C

M@AG@10:Q%LP`#TR/M$PQ@UET!E/
8!:=P10SF$5G

4

M;X6

`&^8C+5@!GB+6*P%
M


M-
Z7A6HTRI?%:C3&EZ5J-





$%``&``@````A

MCZ




M+



M8+E(G2XDNO4AK*E
*










MZ;FCP^R
*]RVW&OHM8?'
`:S$ZHGMSU:PXL.@]0




M6HUF9I^)0Q)T;&





'RJ'J-/Q;B7AO`I#7W/


1&A\
M/A]@8PAW.Q=M#:E0&!FQ36(/3AB4!FSKIH4V*3$H#*`%3OL_0NQ<VK''N'0
MA22:(H\WOKO=&S\HI%2)U9+
%.!YBT
TSW*K%39ZU
Y4NW)78%!B4!G`BA].
ML(7X.;7CAUT?3==$B$0&_

ME0&LF&';7HB94QSS#EUD(D3S=$XQR##(




D)89I


S78MP]-T'F12-6\
MHE-
D)R0A@A!2&E)CP9H4^6M6['



HF=@X5:T'BTP+\00BL[VJ-3(I$B



#G6J%LF;OV11:H6Q*
M0BJ3V+E8KMNA;H-U_N)%(D4A.CY0*I;U65EFDP'$]+GNE7IF29+^D*W*GU)



MGS!\)SA]33\M^H2BE**
HIPB1E%!44E192$[D(72+(*]57P?3K_H#6FMAI\#



MZL^\Z:0Y[MJ'_?'I;OK?_^1?UM/)^;(]/FQ?VF-S-_VS.4__N/_[WV[?VM/W







M]V/\O209M
J!%$!*(!60FA


RIVVB]66]F`=M[1%4S)`#*3X7LH0`%9:$[=@PD[:

M`2H@-2=N\6B*C4W`0'$YVL1DB8W(Y$[%]6$*&@DOF(ZLM^K-PIN))3N#)CF0
MHB?=



M
?Z5?4[V`_E6(-`BD^/FPTU
&MQ4!/A@Q\F
?*AR#J3X7

MR\&865[#@@UFV;0;\DN!9$!R(`60$D@%I.;$35.9U[$QHDTMWY9&):8Z?!
M.@+KFP36&]MIG`+)@.1`D/Z6WGT_;O[[JZ$1I5HM(K(7Q!S1LY=:%7AZ-U
MZ;CK84+YXL!HS
-^B591*)\V

R1?)#^L`E
M)(F54&7Z=YT+(4J-B-=-WW\@.6@*&UI_W*.-@3[N

M1[/8IT$Q@6HKOQ+3K;KPU6-51XN]\
1PCT/AE@-PRXF57'DL_:;'B(829T!R
M((4-;0M$CD)L*:65O'?WRHI



M.4]V[8\CI;
B7]Y3?6Z=$K8'U^45_X9.^5)Z@A=TTGV
Q\%-THTGJ0]NZ!PJ



M2P



7N\)SY^;$L+R!<-SF-*Q`N*$[O*,MD@83W22==EAU['`=T+

)'9:A;Q8#&R'8!I@:ZG
M1DT'$VQOF3_TB




I96=B!9!!?K`5TOQ6HQ8A'

M%[@(J7U20$F/^P+J2$)T))41E0HJZT1%G
`\ZM@Y@2H;URAI9J*:S$FWGM
M:PF



T*EO?[8_W_8/U^?[

&]J




L
M67$@BVES):[:CG-S

9A`R.RXV?NC360F(6QK796SH0MNXE4J.:N
M6'-3JS%T
-;8S#K`W)DO)VRNYZH&M487=@BM#A/'F`CL.E7R\
H*]WS:JK$V



MB(%[_*K2*W*N:TBOS5]57ZVG!NZ8LO2NE,9C@()@(1`(B`QD`1(B0#D@
I
M@)1`*BU2:SE5&3Y@P;*M(OVC7H+B%OF-OA^;/HGPWH2@8$$@&)@21`4B`9



MQ_Z+C.

M;^9:K1PN-)'QOC'+
+[4:A5?:2+B%SQ[J;OBS_612%UX'QDIBB-3&[N#($?I


`-&0
M$@

1`$B`I



;E)``2
M`HF`Q$`2(F0K-J;[#T?=P;\`86+.C&\_EEOH0C52S(]V:0QYE!MN-#29OQ

M?O3!U.=)U*8+ZQT-@(1`(B`QD`1(B0#D@,I@)1`*BU22S_:
P-7GM:;F]2



M(3J1Z1]D4*`)@41`8B`)D!1(!B0'4@`I@51`:I/8_K$
:N!J?S)#/5Q]4!



4S'EO+6XJ=1KRWT:\WW9K=].K



E





MZ;WJV+)X#ET6E6_O]R]QD=V!XC6]I?6/AM0TLGC_[9(79?1Z@[B_LV44=]S-


S%NW\^!SWD(0;[
0?
Y9R);;T&R?']71


HQMK'6).7D.$XYD@$^
MXH`
H5DV@X-CCJW%E*S=D1P/IPF12+M'(@D#+-)(84HCJ=)F0P/TY#`6B?CL
M(XH5?=8$
RBX2K';4B_:0JDH/F4


FFD9CM%?



M-R9Z2;9&


MNOIT!0P70VYS\R@NJ8XZY.F0KT.!#G$=A&$713MMT[..SDA:)^2^?*]D;=
M2=K;'5L;T5ST#:#KD`SS!JNNI'T=G2(ZU((!P?[EJ:W%Q`8?]G?'H[LR(I

%'&)^_+Y85KEI27Q$MNM\J(


M

$%``&``@`
M```A`

#)E@+&-G.9O?O.[8#P635
M;AX(S!R?.7-A6-^_M(WS3+B@K-N@P/610[JE;0[;MOGX]W2^0(B;L2-ZPC


M

\$JZ0*=




Z=DE3XU
@?[/R9T&
MH=N).E*P!B+!
MU6FI&@'('+_H_S

!
46/U:P%*V^I'#1,28%I2T4
M^D'!]2&0*\#ZO`VR,%M[SUFX@+:&1`

MH$)9;16+T(ZPNX7


S
MF%BW7)5D/S?D$X
5&]HVJ9&.'?EC;.7=(

M-#9M8K`$P4Q/!`U-4U9;2+B
[!`[@\G
8
$[$OF3WUR/!4XC=SG!^C-P;H&S

MYJU6WKG


BYX;6R4
MFMUO(CD6Q=]7VO\!\3Y`?4&(DHR&LKT[TJRT6NW'

MHSCF]7P]MST]/;SL[0A



0^
722Y;/\KLJJY9_H93GT8O\-O52S
J]6

MV4%WEGY]RM9%_C#_:HN]&T0;+[)[)8FXH@X*5W#7KY)`2V`\L'^G3M=%$?N=



M0G-PJ4P!##+[MX@3EFR1UTK6!?3O?$B;UT6/K0%8TH+8$A@#E=
Z=A@SH*

M
91PYRZXTMR'BF8^S_C!7(JTV0PJ4E



97X[O_IFF5^5K.^@(KL+B`*B


?^Z:


M8BCA[GBB05W'D@WK&G*

91PYSSM8EW'4FXI[\D%I!P0
M!40#
91P=[=SK1C+-:QK2+';=0VJ5%=)]/!Y:1T92KCS\70K





M+NB#BJX(F5(*-!J(H82[Y+D%]1W++]QI(;_86.1-I@RJ5%])-&@
)=RYBY54


M5:PK$`W$4
*=\TP+Z[4:RS)XSV-0D7







MK$M2F:2^S+\?!R





METCR_[[Z_&DN`CGW]__Z^?6M1/CTRX_??GY]=_]F\W!SM[K=O'[UEX_??^P_
MS6-?O_KP]^\_OG[^_TZT\E;.Y
Z;R'^]B=A=T:^]7O[K]8]O;A\WJ\W]'/3*



MENGDPRS_GUG_\VNI4;E!OPO]QY]73[=W/[W]ATP
'[SH74(4*K90S)/#[+N+
M01:#?0P.

2@C$$5@SH&30R.

^!D

QAA

E3+
SG_K

`H9U0P*AE5C&I&#:

M

#HQR1@6CDE'%J&;4
M
#HR:AF=&'6



MCU'&:


M&8E

[DQH@
=&]YN;F*9P$=RK#))@QV@.I_P$H]%]%
M#W^YRN!?
J!U+\NNY?JPS^#:
CD/JW0)%_M
D^J0S^':

M^J.J8#\%*R(^2$^,8/.+;CH5O4H*`BGDA:N+8C535P0BPQ'E,'LW+\]]UOV
M0'K!Z#(/VKNYJ#?\&H!%+_BCRCZYHK3+X-XR.0.K?`NE9GAAUC'H@]1J`



4%(
ME=@L+KN

*9#WS[%ZOV]ZC.T4'J-SR=;=Z

GH
M$*%#!+O72.P.?)KT.`8



MFH&/


[L+\
A.^5#YE?IV\_0F?CY0;P+(,U)
MR=Z51]B]K&]7;Z)']-I(8-ZP^9'-6S-2+YU,:=%2?#(Z1.@0X?K2ST$'#/17
MZWX311M5@&`34*).YG9A8@VY=6U$N_![)'4WZU'=N%GE`'IP+U'017XB&:1









M`DCCE(PJH*NG4:L*]@V0VA\9M4!7[4^J@GT'I/8]HP'H95=I5#GB3$#G.$'!

MO6I&#9!Z'=FKA4J]3HPZ(/7JV6N`2KU&1A/0V2O
XH4.X)UK]]G;WJ-'NT2L




MV9IY-/


M9S0`67M)8C0SCBJ#_P1TZ8SLKK0WY.V/)65;^;IFK7U*HF(Z#M&&9`.W`/I
M-3@`J5?.J`#2@26CDB]:D8-D![7$4CM6R#U.C'J@'1@SV@`4J^1T0246-#G




M[$L`C#(@O9OV'@7;!O+*

M?[T4#5IU\AH`CH?5YA%*1*;Q663-_,H6PZ%+P%$7?#M/%7,X_Q+`/+:6;@%
MW1D!ZB[SS+X#X)%,=5`=S,AY=_!T0Y.QL:@@JU+MJZ

MZJ?T1P[:&K




M#9[UX4KCD=0:#F'KD=T7

J`]#KLX:7H`)6NF3FC`DA7H)*]*JC4JV;4`*G7
MD;U:J-3KQ*@#TA/JV6N`2KU&1A



7VK]=Q@W0&I\9-073WNDZI@

7Z[]N,N+^PJ0)%E?EPL#M9
%/KR(L+NTI@

+^Z)2648J(G8,SH`7;7/507[
M`DCM2T85D+5?QR\RUJJ?0
DV5Y.F]H*1ZCT(%H@&Y&NUTE5B-@!J5?/:`R
M]G1HZI@/P%=.J%P$8GZ?

MK[_)HV`/W!TH8*29*STRX2JHKH:K33B=&.1*1=N*)N66F#_HK-O40#KKTX7#


M/+K7-^9V&'ACFM*0N9\=F;_`;.^1N08'J-0L3Y@5D*E9R6855&I6)\P:EAW9



M4@'9U:


M90FV3[!#@N4)5B18F6!5@M4)UB38

M$^R08'F%0E6)EB58'6-0EV3+`VP4X)UB58GV!#@HT)-H4LS*KLTY-9G7F4
M58?BK
8O]VWE+X3FH?:^W58EF#[!#LD6)Y@18*558E6)U@38(=$ZQ-L%.
M=0G6)]B08&.32$+LSJWLU(SL&MSV7Z1=.?.V;)[64([5F6
]HP.C')&!:.2

M


M1R#U;X$B_VB7?U(9_#M&/9#Z#T#6GW_D0U6PGP(4%D34-
-#C+0NXR74HZ`@
MG&K^T]_EXRGY.NCX?5R
U#^LS!CM@?2$#T1?]3ESE6&,RX8E4#J7P%%_E&_
MKU89_!M&1R#U;X'TQ$^,.D8]D'H-0.HU,IH%&;ZWVP=W7/KR*.@`IQJ_LX'









M;B6[58F1=8(U['9DMQ8J7?=/C#J/[%O!/9L-BTR7_3'!)L]26X$+'3[Y-B6Z
MTQT*MP+1;G7KQSVW%?!6VMK-
1M=0J4A*Z`H9'2KUI#R`;H:L@C5!JR!?)_`BVO&Z[L=Q-&U_RD<H3N@-2T






I15!G1I97&_&0Z57N0#

MI#?7'DBOP0%(!^:


198!R8R^C*1'
MWCU4NH0?@(*0\GW?T==[J`PAZK(4NH-&0%%(6




V@/I-?@`*2?H^6






A-HQRH#T3/:
#D#JE3






M/BL-@_1IP6YRN!?`,DBL(RD1XP2*@U9`;F3D59]-('5*DP!DAMCHQ:('LR
A!']FJA4J\3HPY(O7KV
M&J!2KY'1!,1S]M.%1M^91]E*O,)'/\B!<7[=W]Q?_[F'G=&C##//[;`(SO'
MFY'S\O4@GPQ&-VAN)#`OV+QD\\J
U%E#YIOX\WJC0X0&$:[O`CAH:\QL4.H$







IJ`$E/WW#4R
M641O_\EUDX*IVZ%@

!*KL.TW?8
MS
M1-EHKN*_():Z\1H-*75#(:5N7A)22LG+W$FNUO(])LN7?LC_B#Y9D2JC\%)E


R$_*C/RDS

4QRQU0WY2-^0G=4-^


MF.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26F.26


4/)-4/)-4/)-4/)-4/)

M)2;Y);I);9);)):Y):I):9):))9Y)9I)99)9)MS*X=S72N;0
M-;S''JFO='MZH:8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8Y)8


M&-%CQ\GH$*-+L'YA&F-8F(W!/S)B9`@QA2PJD[ECDKK55ZZ5$MSJGH5EXG3/
M_=3(F/U+SZE3):Q.%8I$\_TU*5,%IWM0:VBMP%RHX.?E,DR%DS*A&)(F2RZ
M($;TP84R:*#GY0)

MI0S(4LK`L?BPHU*3
(9O[`G-;]_8F_B8`F29<


KTBT=M=S?VB9&6Z1I(
Q1WX;G46GRL3;)M@


:D/






O[D%D(E$)BE*R[&X,?$1-5.29:]S^#=W=TF_J$NR?JB@;]DG?PE



MJ1P**Y6SV

MMF+)^J*!OV2=_7KCAE_R;ICV%ZLY/LBHNE*JD`U"!E0`&D#B`E($.#F[=




Z(29W16DJSS2[4E0T5@J(F!00^4FUD)]4XV5


M;AT+FA^WGNFSM907

M^/66E;R=^Z/N&\FN7NB;U&3-\25)^DV3-=&R3-Q&3*6



M9


M6*GW?L







M-#2&AE'O\M%.TW#


M]::'.9RU/\)ROX#\1]MYW)[[JH

M^LK9L\(TUA;3;-K:I@H?'6'JBH^L'#XRAH^.W.69M445;QUQZH&W@OWMF36[

AR\4RPQ3.6BTF
81++Q23&
(GE

MZEM7^YF9TVU$Q43AIG]FB
9'A*R'QL'JFT-GK`M'[F+O-GM']R-./=`]6'W\



25#_^QF#$L



J[JE^ON_O$%@?CA!9#9F#+3(;




TE6.]D-

M0'5K@.J3E0:HGH\_#RQ6JK9;P@H9JYX(;J\L,WPQM@CZY7&FVU&51C3/-?


MU&
S8F=&UH@C3'9#ZF+U,:0^LB]T@+UCSU0'TKA_K&4/_('4?

;P1;/%&U$N&-RP7(QC#%8/(U@]C&Y
M:&\


M+0]CUK1='F(RE1]'_7NZFVR
/H^S_WW[[)/E(:+XYXC:[1&.
-D-J8
M4AMC
MB3ARK[1`_2-
+5#?RJ&^

M![#^3[:N__^E(5Z886JXV5[@#6N)-ZPEWO@O+;%+MLSCG0U'VUGAH4T]&Y5B



0UE[


]C

0


MK1VBM4.T=HC6#M':(5HOL&D]1FE;K6


M6L])W/*&^GZRIO6]_]1+2Q:9[8@6CM$:X=H[1M':*U0[1VB-8.T=HA6CM$
M:X=H[1M':*U0[1VB-8.T=HA6B^P:3UF9ENMYS!MU7HROH`LL3B$C;%:&T-4
M8VAJ#$F-H:@Q!#6&GL:0TQAJ&D-,8VAI#F-H:0QA#2&CL:0T1@J&D/$RIJ&
M8S:VU7`.S58-@^70$0V-H:$Q-#2&AL;0T!@:&D-#8VAH#`V-H:$Q-#2&AL;0
MT!@:&D-#8VAH#`V-H:$Q-*RL:3B&15L-8\ZTG%\G*^]#T#!8_6/46[%AM=



3U@-/'''98_-3+QFF%MCD2(6M-AGSZ*U-+G]H

T(BON;]U]YLV-N#Y7+R[FM1_N`^GV)TW/_L&$?

^S@ZV^F+&C?M2'%

7QO#%9*4'OIAL


&5@\;
M6!PV
(8-*FLV&


):2LR(N$LR*V
:RL8TQ;*/D
MK(A'!+
BMK!L;&$
6R@Y*^(!P:R(X):-X
807


M

NU8
]M3XH7

88U


M


MPTPOS_/MAN&&:%

^3T9P1TBN&4CN#$$]V34=8BZEHVZQE#7
MDY'3(7+6[;G&$!MY8S)5-T*

T3UT=[JH[TQM
_D49^IR'*IZG-[-O@B$]0-7UAE
M?&$


C5&L:PAE?$#`XQ@V5C!F.8P9

M!VRX(T-4'W=8+=QA#'=D
M&,$WRIDB'IBJ0FW6X4QFMI:2H.L:JE@ZU8A8#FQ8Q*'F&3U23&
(DGXPB'
M.

`A'K!L/&`
#W@R@CM$\(#EXQR6N)NI[-$N$0/6MV6R+&

M_3
`3)`AJH\)K!8F


3F9RO$E.8
M-O3`)QFH+OA$$'&/UWBW

9\J;GKQ8H;'


MTZ2B\W&U`K]\:1\JB2UGL#XY9





(38_@DDLLW

M

4$&J0
FL&J8P!@FR.2Q()Q.-P_7EA\
D@GJAD&L
M

\;P33'BW8^\:N5[6HV/)1!ZH':K7FH3'D


GH[A#



(8KHAD3CU7%D^
DG%J@E&L($8QAE$B.5ZH

BN9PD





V+6

M^ED.$V20.F`JX8)C&&2+[^-/!%QJD)OK^


]EV/W=R%X(H/4`4]8
M-3QA#$]$\K(?X/5L`UA\DH'J@D\$JQJ;R:)WQCO*Y4`_E+0M&W;*.#7&3A-.

X(9+7?8)#5!?


GJM]VG`1P3-$OD/P9=EWAF9_)ESW''

89;



A&6%88V8K-@(RW@RMG(+:PBMK*V
*3
8)#C&`5
M





M1&:'R+S`)O


]\^:A_$X!2KCU&
8135NMH3[R@NWKG=VB6B6
GJ
MXR1C.$FUKO;$7(KC&#^67AM0XC?K@=V
83?5N]H7!T:

M*#DK8A+!K(@K+!M7&

52LZ*6$`P*Z*W9:.W


_D?#VZN#C%
3
M?&`%\8$Q?)#)XPAZZ!__8(J
4'E
8:4PA3%






5CR%?R*Y?#:+81QB&*N(8:PB

M;R4O)_5^DD7NC)#KD'OLAXCMS'DSN11_OZV/0TSPB51WLKA?;&T#Z31_EV

M8VCOR0CN$
$M&\&-(;@GHZY#U+5LU#6&NIZ


_G*$80/

M/(Z@Q\?V/@139(3*8PHKA2F
88I

M]LD

XSAC$R^LI)AEHQ3$\QB
M!3&+

MA@E7
QC##)Z







CC$)A-RLVL%8I/)5IMX
M

M7?%2K=:\-

U#V0W?!VL9

M]K'M#_!`QJ@!'K`&6
`:8(%




MMV

RU8I-YC*F*
MS


MVS:4&#7``-8``U@##+`V.#\SF&WOKC!$!JD#AK`.&
(Z8(A(?G';4`+5!9.H
S($:%_*I_K]<
/)K!<.L8M5QZ3E8K8Q9.QAT/L
M816QAU7$'I.M'X-L(%909/T8Q$NB^PRLKQDZ.T3G7<?@[#P+CKG@A&3KD5/


MWH`/^1D+3IWP7-X-L#Y-R
=8
B%GM\EX?F(8TROB0J_(^F05




MF=BB]61-Z_L;WWQF8-':(5H[1&N':.T0K1VBM4.T=HC6#M':(5H[1&N':.T0
&_M8#_8^X
MI8==YYAQZH$GCEPQ/&$]\,01ESWN^O77V.0(4SEL4EFSR9@8;6TR_M7Z\E6

89-K`
D1IQ[8Q!@VL1[8Y(@K
M/1YNVX?:V.2(4P]L8@R;6`]L8G$L$\:PA#$L8?6PA
6AOS'TKZSI/^8S1?\7
MQRMW
=!9EH_)5E]
-CZP/B:#:-8^7


/1&2'J+S`)O.8M6QEGD.8

9K

\M'HQ6/V5$.2DPMAW
MYGD`FPGF-T@PUH2KL8QA+5G15PDF!6QC65C&V/81LE9$8\(9D5L8=G8PABV
M4')6Q`.61'!+1O!C2&XDK

=-/W[1.R.T&4#O<LNDX7$&'IG\N6[*_RH8+




S;/)Q=ML!MIZ@P4R1@VP@#7``L:P
M0:/!K=/?;W!$!FB^AC:F$(8Q@BDZ^\2G@DX]0$CUA!/&(

M

\=/6
G



([LFHZQ!U+1MUC:&N)R.G0^2LV4U.WCCNY1Q_
MZ%N[8







X0A/Q@




[


8C*Q?W?\R5XG`7JJ8R!0_
R


M


8`Q#!#)Y6


DX-0$:*P@TI@'-
M3)X[[?Z1/R;LEPP9I`Y`5*LUB
9@:PO1'(

+D)'BL=ID''
M3XG3VAP$1HL&QI






&+`.
&`:
M#&3RZ'!_?W?;MP$F
D@=8
*JP81I
#&3E^L!!HOM:@M.
E!=X$1B=6/S5
([



XSU_WS-_=CO^?$[0X0=?H=8UL5W
M&PV_
_F\



'3P8!%T'`LD'`-!#P9'QW$=\M&]]-PW=/QFH7
ML=JRL=HTK/9D['01.VMVLW-
B;9VCG_H%WO2ZOF(V4$[[[

7Z#FF6Q_TPXB*
A%B6%$X2H15N8

3F6K'9/

7F:4[6%YZF5!09XITAS+920&N)XQU,B8(;(*5<:RU-HA0O`
M](I0Z!4AS2IFE6$-*\(5EX1BJPB%%E%*/**(,Q?\0%/3FKF!]LI*PX($8

$MO@\M7&Z*^A?MV

M1;QW$?


MMS2P91IL*3DK`I+$K`@YE@TYID&.DK
BF$C

M8[__`K&
45

0UF

&X&#%P

CD7!-LX8&0C%
3

M(C2$N-)@&C1X




M*PZF@8




CADD#J`@W4`!^L`

9/[@\\V+@:8#%07@)GB2]_X]LXPI-SI
MU/A*7%NT8J#U!6F0MP]^7P:4ZXM4W,FMC`UM7($`9#$_*(R:X2+0!(B;Y#K
MHP%):LDG@P4+@*%500*JP@4G@P&+H*!500#JP@&
YDOTVMCL-Q%+)]B.398

M$

F8[R+F6S;FFX;Y
[F\











6H`
+58`V;
JK;`S





&2

MK?AG)_Z5&!6;G6/&LSGZ;Z[F1*@LYJDM9W][PIAQE\_^-4[L87HTKDO^1L-T



T[PX7J(915\M]%P?2;S
+)B=[3X-H#).C0$JQ.UI9<R:
ME`O/5N\N9H3JP6TJ:U7#U/DYTOU22#(10@*L7R-!H)*_L`@D(;/XVMBA#C
M(L1818BQBA#CR1#B(H1810BQBA`2VJEL-32X`T2<Z[*PF$EL5Z!N2/QV45\


M]FXQB;BR)R%JYD[?[I_NVJNG\)4AZ@E?(893C:\QM]KR-?ZAWVU(6ZXS0AP_
MB*Z.`.
,[E?<+0]S(9
MJX@,\7%E]T:89VA:.;^HU40E@GZ!!!6*S?QJ1K2YCF8I6PJ:U7&%/D(ZHC
MQ+@(
2&NQ)@&
9X
(XB&4#B&D`XLD@X2)(6#9(F`82
[E


!;)4'8'W

#!(N@H15!`FK!(SN;XFN1.Q7VWJN
-+

\N`@'5A$.
`F
DO7T)DH+H`R11?O(2PSHC7%UW-A/R`%2!JDK

MBU4$%ZL(+IX




M(




7
#GU`),JM8P&5.D+28Q
M7EHQ6W%9&HK)J?VR!I

'DB%
/
#$-3*P'
MF!QQ2X^V?\'DB%
/





MJ5WSM:8%?'M?]PC
;IZSM$$Y!E[E
M?)-0QB1LA7).QX!2#2%08H(%;2YFTKF4`RT0ES1\FPP<A&





MR#@!@NTALKA)8Z$P#=N5''\7@U^6V7R3O`2I&AA8-18$TZ!`'2YN!F!DG)H`
MAA4$#-

@
M()/CQJ

M)4-4'UYJK967\6

4]7;VXVXEN)PDSL&CO%7==YE@?
M=N)'B27[TT;[+*U6_+(3OTHL%;]MM._2:L4?._&GQ%+QUT;[+:U6_+,3_TJ,
MBLW.,1K:'?ZWXQ^ZG:&UL_YC&T*]OIFYX\;E`MN8KGJYR&)ZB,N:[QJF9_*9
M[:O^A`D$,D1L@X#5!P'30"31_TK^^'Z&J'R\&EX




M!AA2P7J7N!%AR+)AR#084L7J%-.!-MR!JPS4ML!5B
_OQ
;:&$AM68M)U7)5


7G3L-D%S$YQ.UXX':,A[:.:FY43P8:,+$:':L

&IT['G;=Q!EG2$JV:NW=X!6<:I












Q3]4V?(LLZ0
ME07'(7]WQ?=BUGM@0

&V
M0


4]!Q




TS#]DQ.[JT)



M90.
:0#CR=#A(G2$.


M7#G;@$(6S-S'4[NCAXZ
4V/H^*?&$!-QI3'$9
%L_'!C4Y(2I\9`]$^-66*L
M


RK:+C(9HQ\K]ZH8GYW&]

D(




DZ-



M
-Z3
=E%3`YQ._88CU*VCI[_H4U1I];&'H_MYO[US1'WPM5(B1.2;Y6\G$AF

]T

MLD'!-%#P9'QW$=\M&]]-PW=/QF
7\3C$X3$[J!DZYEF[LP&#;AN93JT_@6EG

`X1
'I.`A]O_


TVS'(4$0N`I'$_.8@Q%A)B%%@EH0.
M%Z%#8I8$!2L)@K
DBPH+N)]B&6[\=XJXKTG8[2+&%TK-J/'`*P8?7Q_Z4&3

/WF3WNLHXN=JC#0L25

Q:`M49C/ZI
V199\C*SF.1


M
$NR]+@(


MO;V^N^F/U8$C8]04.*P8;)@&&YE\;O#PG[;UD)(AJ@\I5@M03`.43
Z-MXM&
MV

M6O''3OPIL53\M=%^2ZL5_^S$OQ*C8O-SS
\
'%DP#][3

Q]C+K;:





5K%_':1;QV$:]=




M_FUB\WJ






BF%E%
`NM5`0S)6=%F)*8%8'(*@*1500B)6=%




M4V+)_K71?DNK%?_LQ+\IGC]DLW3
P#;KS.U5#
?J.B-M?:'RU+^P\EIQI]MZ


MB_NBJO6)Q:+*$@B9!D*1'$W\'()5!*H+6$F\=`X+:FT/;CES]
VY^5+3M;)Z


MQ(E(;._B?
$P#=M'
H^`]HV70[DN`D&$J#X06T8,`T&1O+U@P+B%
3L+
M8&$:6$3RE3
%*1&G)I!B!2'%-$@9R1?/%-Q$B.K#3:Y5Y@&FS34V;:!BT[6R
M@AB!:;$`$X1!=G($P#B)'




MT[6R&E!@7&B9!5P$B[.0)@&$)X,`BZ@&6#@&D@X
GX[2)^6S9^FX;?GHRY

MCSBQA^E=G*=^TS`]DN






X
[DP
M2L*9BW`F,4HE94$*@5&20!R$8`D1DEHL9+0HL`HR43D(D1T
7^=HK1TW!#A

MB.




`TN(OE*





M@BTM'7MF^9*Q[UI99]3'R9ECE

M$'%J`@K6!!)

MC6'(L*0:3`4R?$_?#@*@+5!:XD7CJ\@EK;Y5JB-K:_)M2Z-J].]@K
JY.%


M6&-XB8+1V(X.A).C4'(H*0:2`4R='$C@ZJ(DY-H&J(%X^N@-:VRY:@C7VT
DNU2S6S2X]*%!124R_^W7'N_04?$J3%T
M6$'H,`TZ(CF:V-$!3,2I<!(O'IT

8U'H:Z

MX;11TN/2Y8;Y)`K&FX'.92:#CPA49_CX2YUAQCK#3!2<.I?GI^`H`M49COY2
M9]RSJ`5!:.SS:'0%G%J#&U6$-I

1;@
L2)/6:`+J99'M--P_1(OC+-P$'$J0D<6$$X
`T.

Y!'30B2

@V(



MX2*^6S:^FX;OGHS'+N*QQ

MG'!7O_\'PT?U=`7!\[.%PO3,#R2@WA[6\%`Q(D@&+"(&`:$3RE290$7%J

M3\9;%_'6LO'6-+SU9.QT$3MS=K&S[3\M[1P;4]/ZH6ME_?!0KC;


P/)*OO'=@(.+4!`:L(`R8!@.1?-YYV)_J\^T@$3%J
TN@XH3WJ^/BW

H1*O];8B]?H&G[6:LYX*#=

M$;LM&[M-PVY/QEL7\=:R\=8TO/5D['01.W-VL;/M(RWM'!M

MY?E@)@$ELYZ\.@E$7'*]B]/


K*IXJ7.9J-KV6`)X

M?/X+&Q&BGK!AM4##--(Y'AMN].N[!R`2P2J[@
\?J109!UAJ`H&)WMC@ZH


/1T.72LW
M2B



ED


M&X?[@VU^O




MPB`HL9Y08CVA1+7REI#]ZBG@*&[\ZFF=1Z'(.D*1=80B5;K:$;`4ER_V-NG`


MNXC]+F*_B_CO(@X``N`H+$.`B+@(`BZP06!K`M








-0T_#0-.TW#3=
PTS2\-`TK




DO]VVUT?EVH_M%!OQ88V<]'C

9
PV.[&VM:IV=VU
MNN5[*-



M1F\@LI)`Y($0(S%*0H?$*`D*5A(4/!#?)49)C.YB/Y/%Z+:]5(TNOQG$EKW/





M



M)4'`BL%`Z;!03W\F6YA`1H?(`8:7@P31XB.1XWZXFAXA3$QQ@B!B&HA$



/O
M2DX%?RRTG]+F)GYXOW*@3N+O$\=7D&M[<VM9HY3W[2;KC1#FY^IW@+C&@I$
MR@X1B
8^8-Q?`9%I0.3)$.
BQ%@VQ)@&
9[\:25AR+STL%+@H(XPB_K41\


MY[#

(1%U
MC%WF`9$G@PP+@+
M$-



['=-&R/Y+:F?N`AW[(:@(*(
M40
HL&)`8!H01'*\L5931

M021'$W[:M6S8PD8$J@ML#/'B15;W']897J)@=+99(0B3HU!R`JD&D@%
G1


M%T'`LD'`-!#P9/QV$;\M&[]-PV]/QEP7





DV\Y3DV^2TQ-





M`X!$H-X-`/*7.L.

M%4'J`%96#:Q


M0[M6_S3A68*9I21W!XVW:[USCETQ.

MF0A25U#K(D^!2P

_;II
%!@E8<M%V)(8)0')2@*2`J,DT+@(
M-!*C)(1820@9@3@A6YA\7(2(+J;[-8BPBA`QDOG$57$?1=Q7^)J/=-VS*K5
MY6\



M^YZ





M;'PW#=\]&8]=Q.
A]A=9#&W;6DM#QW[7=#GH6EV?E.UPY@[ETGA;GQCWV!YQ
M(A+;NYBN#UPS3
/V2+[2!!(B3DT@P0I@FF0$,G1A)5669)!1P2JW1(Y$VV
MG0=;:0&


D6E`Y
D0XR+$6#;$F`8QG@P=+D*'Q&G=


M#=6NV'8#^G1XZ%I9=]2G




@VN
M(CF:


!'EXZWK\T..4Q

M\:9K955Q.I3W!I/`2)Z7%:=#_8`U!XH%;!_9%Z]
NB+TN#1=@L*%SN6A$V:'

6E$P.J\FDXA38VBS












M97]8:!^EY8J?5N+G$//JP5_DUPB

MYJU]YHZ1G98B0-3%:=7A&A!Y
LX#!#3#LAT&%MH

MWUW$=\O&=]/PW9/QV$4\'N)JUX)OAKU@Z-C0F@SM6EUW%-*8.Y1[]9J)[1$G

M98.R/3=!T
MK:P@%!B74G!P$1RZ..-@&CAX


CSBQ

M\


)!!*D#'%@U.#`-#B*Y77EO




M5MHN96.R9V.RB[AL)7'9`W'915QV$9NM)#9[(#:[B
TN8K.5Q&8/Q&87L7D2
F^YLRJ?!6'KG3K2F_T5HL3XQ0/6#Y&+6M!D
M\Q\T]+C$/C1$P<BE<YG?(20U1EAGB],]!89Z)@N?K5OT#`B*+6$(L%
M0*8!43'@=EJ$*8B3DU@R@JE&D@%<G1A+-7EM1@%H'J`F9#O'CVGEM^VM)

B:[B







M$-
WUH*

Q=
*CO







M_O;^\3?_K/KM;Q_:V/G











3;2V/'-K8Z


MW`'Q*3-UC_`YV$*VUS6.7L_L=3':;+9)QK*=N79K'&MWYMHMQK(U$PT8?8%5

M7=





MM1TP]@(L/^NS5G1G+T`S9&4O0#-D92]`WP]MV0O0#%G9]`,6=D+T`QMV0O0
M#%G9]`
6=G+


:;\Y]]I[P-S?G'LQIOWFW(M-
M

MNAAM?K/7Q5BV;Z[=8JS=-]=N

MQ9ZRGR'3JS[*WY%5[T^V\IJ4NM]:]MUL(Z/4N*V



M2*=/)T
ZO3CO!_
SAKP?S'R6UT0Z/3S9??G'+)S_

4NQ'



DJ-
MX\=FTYP#LIKUDZ&M63\9LIKUDR&K63\9VIKUD]$SL^FRWA]D[F;39#RGV309
M]S.;)D-WLVDR9/5OB]%S^K=%


MQ?R2#
G-+\DF&:7ZR8_UAV5Y.//3WY

M+#
MDZ&M/IV
7R%].ADO`^:L$=



DK=;RNC%-O)]LT.

MC%+C^+'^EWU!5OTO&=KJ?\F0U?R2#%G-+\G0UOPR8KXF+\I3D=7/U9(AJ_Z7
MUT1;_2\9LNI_R9!5_TN&MOI?
F0UOR1#5O-+
K0UOXR8'I=S1U8_5TN&K'ZN
ME@QM]
M

M-9+19KT_&;W6^Y/19KT_&6W6^Y/1:[T_&6W6^Y



M5K-&
F0U:R1#6[-&

9LIHU\GYH:]9(
MAJQFC63(:M9(AK9FC63(:M9(AJQFC1'3JW)^Z&[62(:L9HUDR&K62(:V9HUD



M3*_*LWA?2QBE7LN1U:R1UT1;LT8R9#5K)$-6LT8RM#5K)$-6LT8R9#5K)$-;
ML\:`
?=SS_UB7RC5EZN

MMOY/;S)D]7]ZDR&K_]

M=2].
F3U?WJ3H:W_TYL


M2


K0M]I2A;;&7




;8M=



DP%.;(0&^28EG
M@?'Y0S\GCS5UT0_+89$NI?3\8GTWT_6#DK+[F8_%)-EU\UIEXDXQ2[FC
M%/N148KQ]6S\W=&

7V
DJQ@XQ2[BC%$,




7A?;R.AUL:V

7A=C+9EI\^P4UI*9

M%O^V2
8C^K=%LDE&J8S)C]G?L\AS59@?^WN:

Y\

4L_)C]G?T_-#6_;W-$-6\W7V$UG9W]

;=G?

-INA\YI
F_T]BSS_

MJ?O19O;W-*/7[.]I1IO9W].


CU+W6\N^FVUDE!JWE5&*[63[

K0U:R1#5K-&

MWI^
-NO]R6BSWI^
7NO]R6BSWI^

ME^

M6N6

9VIHUDB&K62
9LIHUDJ&M66/$]*H\MPE9
MS1K)D-6LD==$6[-&
F0U:R1#5K-&
K0U:R1#5K-&
F0U:R1#6[/&B.E5.7=D
M-6LD0U:S1C*T-6LD0U:S1C)D-6N


AJUDB&K&:-9&AKUDB&




MV\_[E_7Y-'/W
_UD3-O]$\E8?NZ?2(:V[I%(AN3ND1@Q]Q#DF56T^8^]KCG0



6=U#
MD`QMW4.0#%G=0Y`
6=U#



M9/1:[T]VE%'J?JQ=LU0RUJY9:L3TJNP+LIHUDJ&M62
9LIHUDB&K62
9VIHU
M1DRO6M1^-V0U:R1#5K-&7A-MS1K)D-6LD0Q9S1K)T-:LD0Q9S1K)D-6LD0QM
MS1HCIE?EW)'5K)$


M9#5KY/W6
K2M]8*L9HUDR&K62(:V9HUDR&K62(:L9HT1TZMR?NANUDB&K&:-
M9
AJUDB&MF:-9

M@J+4W[Z3C%+L*:

_W!)*AN^^5)$
_W_-(]I2]

MC%)L*Z
4V\DHQ?8R2K&#C%+L**


5.
DJQ

K
MYEDM:&O63X:LOKXD0U9?7_)^R&K63X9TOO8D0SI?0Y(AG5D_&?+X^I*
7R]?
M)T;



FWV3D:;S=[):+/9.QF]-GLGH\UF[V0L6_^62<;:]6^99Q;
M_Y89

MS;4





?Y9LY/C+LUN,N97U^3QS;3)N9[)/HYSS)*S8''T%.3

MR2C%]C)*
20W]R0[RB@U#@G
+]D7)#_)$,\TLREI'Y)1F_)N:79*PS\\N(

+\F0SOR2#'G
+\F0Q_R2C%\O
M\\N(F5]R[LAJ?DF&K.:79&AK?DF&K.:79
AJ?ADQO?&C7J_1W?R2#%G-+\F0

MJ[DG&=J:;9(AJ]DF&6W6BY/1:_TV&6W6;Y/19OTV&;TV$R6CS6:B9-?YN^\E


M;67TNMA.1J^+'63TNMA1QMHM=I*Q=HM=9*S=`3
79%_0UER0#&WU_F1H:W9+
MAK9FMV1H:SX;
;WJO?($LIHUDJ&M62.OB;;FB61H:YY(AK;FB61H:V9(AK9F
MAF1H:V9(AK;FNA'3JW+NR&K62(:L9HUD:&O62(:L9HUDR&K6&#&]ZKWR!+J;
M-9(AJUDC&;*:-?)^:&O62(:L9HUDR&K62(:V9HUDR&K62(:L9HT1TZMR?NAN
MUDB&K&:-9
AJUDB&MF:-9
AJUDA&F_7^9/1:[T]&F_7^9+19[T]&K_7^9+19

M7NO]R6BSWI^

-NO]R5BV9JEDK%VS5#*6K5EJP.@+K/IRM6=H





9VIHUDJ&M62
9VIHUDJ&M62
9
MVIHU1DROROFANUDC&;*:-9(AJUDC&=J:-9(AJUDC&6W6^Y/1:[T_&6W6^Y/1

M_2FOHLUZ?XZCUWI_LHV



M

6
M-6LD0U:S1C)D-6LD0UNS1C)D-6LD0U:S1C*T-6L
&'.'55\N]@5MBUUE:%OL

MML5V







TR;
MH1_GE/;]8&:-O!^

4FR248H]991B/S)*

4NPHHQ0[R2C%SC)*L8N

M





MRSG(S9#5_41Y3=K




MZ55YOA2ZFS62(:M9(]G*^U'*I]'6/)$


R9#5S)`

JL\\9R_F362(:M9(]G*^U'J?FO9=[.-C%+CMC)*L9UL


72].QK3UXF23C%+79.V:I9*]

M4LE8MF:I$=.KLB_(:M9(AK9FC63(:M9(AJQFC61H:]88
;WJK?($LIHUDB&K
M62.OB;9FC63(:M9(AJQFC61H:]9(AJQFC63(:M9(AK9FC1'3JW+NR&K62(:L

M9#5K)$-6LT8RM#5K)$-6LT8R9#5K)+LX/TK-[RJC%+O)*
7N
DJQAXQ2;))1


(D@]S1#`O)+]P4)R_-D(#\THQE
M1'YIQJ\)^:49ZXS\

M_-(

MO?&S7EN?



;?7^9

M(Z^)MN:)9
AJGDB&K.:)9&AK9DB&K&:&9

MC61H:]9(AJQFC63(:M88
;WJL_($NILUDB&K62
9LIHU\GYH:]9(AJQFC63(
M:M9(AK9FC63(:M9(AJQFC1'3JW)^Z&[62(:L9HUDR&K62(:V9HUDR&K62$:;


MFUUDE!K'C_6J[`NRFC62H:U9(QFRFC62(:M9(QG:FC5&3*_ZJ#R!K&:-9
AJ
MULAKHJU9(QFRFC62(:M9(QG:FC62(:M9(QFRFC62H:U98\3TJIP[LIHUDB&K
M62
9VIHUDB&K62

9
MLIHUDJ&M62

M9KT_&;W6^Y/19KT_&6W6^Y/1:[T_&6W6^Y






K\JY(ZM9

M2(:L9HUDR&K62(:V9HUDR&K62(:L9HUDR&-FR/DACYDA&1KYN44RI#-/)$
Z
M\T0RI#-/)&/N?HZ0C);HT\EHB3Z=C);HT\E8\WX.E(SE;@9+AN[\KS
E/\OR
M_+-FW(K_`6]&FSE3IAE+FK-AFK$TS4NCY_1SH&0L6[-4
J9FEDK&LC5+)7O.
M.'N*YRQOY#'



AC#N%S-R9W;1B\ZB(7?F$[F1;7QG2(\C
M6^83N9$M


MD]GFJ/UZ''L=M5^-;8[:K\8V1^U78Z^C]JNQS5'[U;AMHY=2X]Z-7DJ-VS9Z


:'78]MCMJO


V*-7D//2;;1:Z@1:_0::L0:O88:V4:O
MH4:LT6NH$6OT&FID&[W&C;%VS-:^Q+Z0K=D:1K9F6QC9FK4PLC4[PLCVQJ)6

M:_0::F0;O8;^+&0;O88:V4:OH4:VT6NHD6WT&FID&[W&G45MU#40:_0::F0;
MO88:L4:OH4:LT6NHD6WT&FI$%_7VQ6H5T46]52._5_[N4XU8HQ:K$6O48C5B
MC=Y&?TZRC=Y&C5BCMU$CUNAMU

U58UXHB=2





8'V8UC`^SE:6SF;;T
M#6(OC7:(6].H0=R91@?$C6ET0MR71B/$PHPJQ+J

!H@[@ZCE=%`ZR?['79#=I46HX94









MJ)S(\T:H&&]6MZ\W*KI*XFQ)S]8AO4I&LDI!BLJ`CH5J2H3,JG,R.-&J!BZ
MTH4]6%169%79D%VE(4WE0(X;H6*\6=T^WZCH*A=RJ22ND_0Z'=*K92K%*2H
M#
BH4I&J
B'3C5`Q=#TS*WVH+
BBLB*KRH;L*@UI*@E)*AW2JV0DJQ2DJ`S(
MJ%*1JK*^40'?K*?8D%VE(4WE0`Z5$WFJ7
AU(U2
-ZM9B6.2'M
AO4I&LDI!


M#%W/S$H?*@NRJ*S(JK(ANTI#VHU0





MIV



*A6I*A


I)5


MDI&L4IB,BC2D6JRH1
*C/R4%F0Q84]6'0/5F15V9!=I2%-Y4`.E1-YW@@5
M0R=#7`R-N%029TMZM@[I53*250I25`9D5*E(59F0265&'C=Q=5+NS!HK(B




MLW5(KY*1K%*0HC(@HTI%JLJ$3HS\G!AI0]=*2^%)CG[5@NOA8Y$]X*37(F
M#6DJO`R:Y.P87A?%4Y7V]V:\
8HG7DUX510/O)KP$FB2L^OP'FB2

[$F



&B
4FDY08#@@^=@W.IC]R./*)@P-)#D31CZ2G`DO'R`Y^]EX]0#)

MP)%\3'@LG'W3[W5R#
.;96X$LS)Y[-J$(8OLJ`DC%ME1$P8LLJ
FS
_DD6L3
M!B^RUR85J2H





NTI;`D


7__/3
M?__7#W\]?/WC\?W]_=










MY(04A)2$5(34A#2$M(1TA/2$#(2
2\3+%W3IK'QQL)\O

MA



M/]#-ZCI\?T9=X3TWQ-J\$*M,8J_(8:X]+8*U8KO



B@4DI4)B%3
?/N*`R9





EN%;O5HM+[;!AJ!=+[[-BKGZ'E?0X&-GIN?IZY
MF9=%GCTW8%Q-

8*:9CN+PL8E:(-V*A/[O6D?OF&QJ+0./*C7

MVZA
<?P]W
MXF#$.T

4SQ!*HI22`ZL2AE*&
O;*654P





X%P_Y1%

90+I%Z%0.I5J2J2BUKP5252.0

MP5`ID'I5[%6+2KT:AEJ!U*MCKUY4ZC4P-`IT]/)S$16]^7X[/'B_)\CO#@2C
MD.W5)'IF;#BK9&RXNKT.1T][



+;L-


M3F6**LQ$5%
L]X&!OWPC%8$&RQC*!3H;K!!5
(0



S\NM?(&D'?A


M6G05MC.T'$=*PN4X4F0ZP(K%3)_+050ZP$H
LU1D:I:Q62XJ-2L
LY)E%9O5
MK&H



M`Z.]0'JK
4
'@=0K$4B]4H'4*V

\GDOT/F!
MI*BTJWT0:'EA/)!4E41

M=PSU`IVU'U0E]J-`1WN_N+A9L


)`
IB?W
MXK/
XOD%#J(ZNPP)PFB8:XY:,-2\5'K;(;P`LC+D(OJ;+1B$4T?E#&0M-R,
M/@+==&TE-/H(4T)]Q-1)F'-*;[;G1?WW']7L&%623`
)(
G/(K/
9I?D:!2


!0PE#*4
90SE#!4
E0Q5#-4
-0
MRU#'4

Q0P=&$H82AG*
M&

81'3O)5&\+OH
M5@1X-T]-_^HN_


D*A/_E*&

M

)0RE#&4
U0P5#)4
50SU##4
M0Q
MU#
T
#1ZD)^#Z(E;]?2-PX
W?(*\OCMMNS&G\T34K]S-JM/&&Z]OZ+
S


50+

XO[A]8S;OAF?S9FC9



=?QV\?-M9%'PN?1?(

5^LT*I
'VXK9V9=J#1DKUZ+![L./S$958A1S'[5DB_


U%IR%R]O)#!

TR-LM%I1-&A6%6BDRO


55


M5&1JEK%9+BHU*PRS4F1J5K%9+2HU:PRS5F1JUK%9+RHU&PRS461'



F\@2=!^]E^H8@FI3^+`JH2AE*&
O7)6
M%0R5#%7L5;.J8:AEJ&.OGE4#0Z

M.Z:/1L/MZ/=BHU5:S-!!H+-#GD14\P#KXB88Y*0BT&`90[E`9X
5HI([NPMZ


[072^XUG:#E(%)5Z)0RE`JE7QEZY

M.._!@24D+J$K-XLR'#1!NUDEH\3+VKKQ4=KM7B&%I7Y051GHR5!-&S'_0P
M4_'1:!E'RT5U-EH11
.VTL'=E^*CT2J.5HOJ;+3FV6BM^&BTCJ/UHCH;;0BB

AT(Q&*FC^4@
M*C5+9FCY6V0J







4
'@714
ME`BD7JE`ZI4QE`ND7H5`ZE4*I%X50[5`ZM4(I%ZM0.K5







K[4WN[.




VH+(O?3

FH+(U0#
H$6(7$7`#%J!
MR-4'S*`#%[GFGYD-TFS





H

M

MZFO

M'

\T6C/NIA7
;O^2A5%G




M1BY8#)8DXRVQF!&


83S]IBL&(3]V
Q6'^)

MUFR#-!LS#;X)0*FRW/`=`$J5Q6#]/W+!8F(P;D&VE3_H;9@

M)H/U_W@;K33XA@?/VGH&^)0'S]IB\$4/GJC%X


M%K

HJ]

(/]

+
!LS&9+9BM

M-O?!55N]`.S!@_RQ&&R5@R=J
=C1!F7'8K#Q#*[-8K!?%_+4NC9LVX4X%H.M
MN9!S%H

9DL!

M

MB\$&J'@&%H-]3Y$+%H/M3U%Z+0:[H*)&LACL?(HG:C'8\!3EVF(V8#8FLP6S

M=GA&GEH
]F9&N;88[)$

M;I]^9G#H`GZ5L9C--?H'T[*/8`8=AUQ$[H@=L/!%I$[J89$HP[KX9HP[
MMH`9G&(1N=
+F&G`N$

F

MN&U






BF8U&0R
M
)G)E'@&I?D


#J8PF0IW6IEW6H.I3:8!TYA
MZ8UF0Y,9S(]F-YD$C)R:1@4I/)P&0FDX/)3:8`4YA

X@$E-)@=3
MFDP-IC69'LQH
A6NK3*OK093FTP#IC&9%DQK
AV8SF1Z

ALP&Y/9@MF:S`[

MD.E[I*`%[
$
)C.&4UFN\*,S,KL;8!)38'4YA
#:8QF1[
8#(9KBTSKRT'
M4YA

M%A

J:5#B`24PF!U.83`VF
M




M&'X_MB7?A20'T5W`*5`4I^VSUU$28VTKL)W-GF_?_VB&F@O9W6P?ZK

MR)FA1KG[_?OI./K67JZ'[GP_CB:S\:@][[NGP_GE?OSO/\O?-N/1];8[/^V.




^9.N\O7][??]MWI#2:^'(Z'VU^]T?'HM$^:

MCR[M\_WX

MD[

ALH
M98/2D#A&D9*1BI&:D8:EWA18M\2HE2TCY)<2S6)US9)C.2
%(R4C%2
U(PT

%(R4C%2


MO.#AHQ


M;1M/@AV\(8W^:?[\J';`MCJ4\DAW3@^*%6I09@?0AE'.2$[L#DAJK-SRVJ
M2


%@*621T=)+



\
M6T[SL=JT#P7A-QE:.Q85)&6-CU?+2?!)E!;#3+=$!(.$-5#)'KUL*+W'0;







O:J@E96PVAWI97`/BB^\

M.[67ES9KC\?K:-^]GU'9:W7T#%A_
6[B+3X9]SM%(
&WY
=^5PEXBF_
GBP3?*;@A+/`DQ\KA$BS$1TS+DD17BH^!<L@


M)

M'J!1@F^2!/T2?)


DN`2%;Y($


ATF'W]L


``/__`P!02P


M!YAW
'0_LG66&W$&49]/P&!C]M[7CJ
DPK(MPU)6UKS]_&RRNDA664YR$=M?
M%8MDD4T6V61_^.=?3X]7?^Y?3X?C\]UD-KV97.V?'XY?#L_?[B;_^^_B']O)

LZ5?SR?7'#X.#_N^P_WGR


M'B=C-XM!'H
B!F4
JAC4
6ABT

1Q')_.=K'7:

D%R


M99;





M$^AJ36
Q.V3L9S\F!/B

W)


WTRW83?L6(-

_7XX!AH_O`IQ8%PZA#/-AF
X%R0GX/=%J
2M)B6Y5$-2%.V$C4

:SVO(%'#G7K

M(?P'TJ$M'B^OFT6#9.JT%G;5(V-JEI

%RQG`S7A-AP(U%+




+M@A7O<DD6B6D


MP*VG*+2(=]9R


MU4C4$F);'2&VU1-2O!(MDD:OR
60.2Z`L?&=$



M@



M&/T@+P2P%B7

MZ!T\$A8%7K'(;#RR5^)(-UN.6E237*)HE*B2J):HB9`87U-/*W5U\79O+=
M+2T*MC4VVRC\3DDK#`JB[8:

2RJ56(5$I4251+5$C


M
PE]5$N#/27T44V_7?45'M^L`V/^F@2;+:C/IIDAYKNU)IB'S@Q^XY*?2#)
M5`GV?!.S2G38.LW
7N14H(=X
1L24H)=GT3LS
I)3O49Z?6)X4D4R5X28*R
M:3[`NQ*439/@E0E*H$GP8@0]49/@%1_2:


M@E



2G%]

2'%U
S-$\

$[GRC0X
9N8\[!2@O.O*+4FP6E66-



MI=8DN#V9F

3*2Y.D





6@-HQIU^.&!K[_^G+_;=_?OWX[/)^N'O=?





AN/]J==^W0XO3R




Z'AUWF^+EU)ZW

M/XP_!9MF
1M/'^^[!/WWL/]V&?Q[='EMOV7GPU-]..V1;;PG]08^M^T7I5H\



$G4BA1_&^-MVHF7@!A]J'8P(BCYB)&8D821E
M)&
D9Z1@I&2D8J1FI!D2)S.8':3




EU@.$Y3#9US8Z[
M635HF%:#W#&^FKF-QU:+PD@X2CG*.
HY*C@J.:HXJCEJ'.0F2M6G@['=)TK7
MK:@D*+@PT&B!8LWVMKG722+26G3%_7SB#:J8Y








MR!J6A*QAQ5%-R!HVA(2LJ`I;RHHIV(=#4Z-;A-V_S/7*FY2B0&NAB+%:[)7'
MI&5':\)12DA78C._$



&C08LD-




M



MS2TS;IESR\*@89LEMZRX92U8-HZEFS%5IW^4L3_:=X2.RE!_VS+7=;V3
8/L


FA=DH0(
!0#Q&2W42.//T$
B1I_






M)
%=./JU)
']-_JU)

0+3$82K[&\2#P*9GC_TNR%#W+P_L5G@D1]+L)'



M_P




DP&7[NY?'7S^^_VF2'.YNWW_X\8<^@_[?T^/?
MK][O=Z^_/_]=O#S]TCY]?41NHYQ<?S\_/R'



SF=@Y?9T+.QY#X.X:<7TQFES<N


\!D4
MRAA4
:ACT
2@C4$7@U4
UC'8Q&`;@UT

M9



52S15)%
D5Z10I%2D4J16I%&D5:139*7(6I&-
Z9'(P;+%,D',JZ=W42R.-IXKF^C+K<\&M%UI4BM7#='&]_U)SH]FA$UYU/
M@HQ%\OV
99US.
S`@?@9.!!


QD);E1I5



:#GBD@\

5E=H
&.7&0*P


MC;H`!:


*6JL*6.J`E4:U]M5HJU:C+D!A

M

OI.-$?9]KQ/;!4=)991B0SU%RC@FAP/+F^O(@6P:58T'5%)*YK





M3L]&%/5KT9Y'*V^L?,A5BRYC$A:5JY1072VRK%BNXK(G%?:]00C;WR733#
MCM9%K9@SGHY(-^JK$XN-GD=9/:P__*YNM/)V/U*-
B))9:Y1023=4ZE1122^

MM%6I4:51K7TUVJK5J`M0


KKGNQRMW)]C=JKA
M/!4KUO&
2&I&KE%!=-9]*59T7Q&)^UJCALAW/[^
[KBT8D7W'9&_B+JZD7XL

MJ+][$^:*F^4;8^G5
/L/JN*`

CW7





M:*M6HRY`0?V9G5B;]#QLQR.*VK&
Z7U#6XY643N.YH^I6#%7
J*SK2JGE526
M@NALJRK%BC%61.*KUJ@A.NN^%2NZ[XAT]9R=6*7T/
ITO4H9K;P6FFJ4$4E#



MC78SF#W


MF!S365DGF#@=.^]A2`W:^8!8656G?93]RBJSJ3!^?Y3TTZ5'P^L1194U6ADL


Q:4
(R'[29((77L*)
ML?!&CX5$?M).CH4WUE@8)TT/AWVPC^^9M'@\$ME/FDP&PJ2=&`YO]'!(%/8P
MTW@T]LR./8S!
H/E!BL
5AJL
EAML

MC;8QF!;@^T



)
:K%`FSFB5:U1H

0*9:Y7


M)U;X[M-ST4;^B
*':J91Q5B.5G@4I/\
KVKUJ1BPT#
BF0CF&A5$HV?U$992

MNX5[

M44

VB7^G
M83Z@6_2QQU%J?B7;L\-FQF@5/)`TOXI&ZE2L6*.R$;DWQ8_NU5/Y.:UD/EB(
M+PDXOXI:1RE6C+&BK[

M?=YOQ(IIW-+7V1AWM)(8[\67G\9HRWXO5HSQ0%^G8@RKG]OG\K;XCM5OV/\*

5Y6.5A[*B&2BE8_(


MO-6;DB
*1PRUS!RMPF7F+%YFBA4O.R
ZM8CI%_(YK:11%D3L[Z.X2M$95T4D

9D4R@\A'Y2T=:R;*JU*@BD@RL

#D5&*J!%^*7)GR37L



7;]V1
CNTC0A?`*UZ.
MRO55*.
2-*5:U00B?M2HXI(?-4:-43BJ]6H(Q)?*XW61.)KH]&62'SM-+HG
M$E][C0Y$O:^PM$YLU]V-3PY*VU^


C?B2&.=7T2RG%2O&V-'7

M3NP_WNG]QQ&Y^8)4OUDTG5B.5L%J4O7!J5CQLC
B:6ZY1@61?Q$W\5L(I5C1


M/9'O?CZ+%IY[L:+[`]&I_`J[@6AK\EN[37=ZRW)$6.;P$I8C\C].I%$V(KS-
MP8#YB+SM@$('+#6JM*]:^VITP%:CCDB6=2OM:TTK^3#-1J
MD?C::5_WM!)?

L1ZMO?#1IM
(#%.[96'74
M248OTNOEC%XJ2T$KOZ*KAR+*
*Z)NIE?T8U$5NO(&EJ=C:R5R*2O4CU'1U\2



M7:A2'#]'A:S_\/K[X^-;^O#V\.

M+X^_?GS_T\UM\A

0A)LFAKP(QGR8'T_XJ
M.?3+[\C^IUGR$U[6UA$O9LFASZ`HP.+Z



M=!@
;(GKK[22[RVDII!\5-8W083&21UY:^2QJHJ5@PHJ::F8MZ(FVLH4

I6*2@%P%JQ4
M@J5@Y8%68BM3*%9ZL$.!DK
4;$&@YP%.Q$H.4O!A@1*SE*PXX2LY0%E(6I





MKA%JHJ7@E2/41$O!FT?H82T%;QNACEH*7C1
W*ME.CUXWS!QKY-I!2\4)NZM
M




90G%'5FAPZ10W











MFTH!I325DIE*C64VE062,_3
\22FHJ&93
5'(HN:D44$I3J:!4IE)/)[AJ

M4VF@=*:R0'H6)]*#NWVFDB%

M^;:P\PU*:BH9E

ASG'/6C#936
M5#HHG:DLD&\+
]^64%)3R:!DII)#R4VE@%*:2@6E
I4:2FTJZ1G8:9G24U



<$_G[Y=





M

M)C8:^_SCAI:)KC?O#YNJ?AB&EQ2^J?2?_C)3H$`^T9](]/6;Y9?[C^`P/\

J#!(/(@(
D4&17:*[!4Y*'(
210:K
-6:`AC
M+J)8&)L\B8W7DM%4A22J!RML6(^;X+/Y-*%)/E;(82X=66[&V?W+*JZZFJ32

UAJL
M
UAOL
%@.X/M#78P&))!%P&XS^BSJ2]/XPF]^#(DZYC26;8^T
@I;N`5P2


MD.GJ1]JDQO&IO3&49-1HU&K4:=1K-&BTTVBOT4&C8X3B2-%N8D7*[S+QKI'+

FHT:C7J-.HU&C3::;37Z*#1
4)Q\%[9



M*WNZ?JH8P=ZT


M(Z_E9^$BN#4PYD^UR#G*#2
9F*U&'2

M-`




M(]`PDCBU&G6

M!'6L)3.ZUVA@9#AB)S(8.LH1GX#@CZE[\DV2IE2^(%4X:1F=Z&W)XM]P01F@

5('*DU:AA)P5:CCI'8




MK
Q
UG8\$D




WEP!%OGE$=RH#Y]*\?.E3)^0+







N!0GW&_H!3A,L?A&;)X^N?1:=*TR#6FU,-2BQ=%N&,GBVFK4,7*[1H8L
M,QDAO6BPZ8&17GY78:H4NJ]SHE$U?BKI$7SEJFJ-&D:A8\Y\,`L[UA);O48#
M(\.3,<*/=%)T<JA9=)+X^\EI^8JZNDHVN1L_,-HW#(NKJU*IC+3<3]96O
MR-GPP
@8OV&Z%+JM\Z650^&NX5$T$WVZ)!.J8:W0+:\EJ&
M*=AK-#`R/`ES
MFM`3G\&(W7+E\Q!LWM

M`'I18

M


L1C)EJPC%
M=I.4Q_5M@R_+L`22/O$=)^NK+Z);V'(.)P39;Q'S?AE;0#-YM5M1X%@YJU



!6H236\-19DUAEYKL

MC?8P6#'F


M

M(S@8`^DX%:UI##`:;45C(']EOQIY$D*WA84W.;U6N%PSFYO:=0R,AJ4;'13
M/7NECLD@S*)1
4*80_[
FZX;?2G

M?HSZ\?KH43@Z&07-]@@/:[A5C48M(STZMZ]L
2-/&N2W&*S;

M]XCN84O!]//?AK7\.Y`97J%*AG_+*GJ$;)-]Y]UXN\TGO
4UFHB?MS`*IIM'
MP2.8AI&
[I:1?FBRI;4_R-Q50Y.')J/^V`\2.UP.R7TO=^Z'5TLNAU3?^(TG
M'#\*-6*+AU2K4:=1K]&@T4ZCO48'C8X1BF?;*]OF5F^;'H670QK5&C4:M1IU

MZ*#1
C%JO%5SN=E(P
)]^&]+%ML:--II\WO1LTGCY0.HL7FCQ&*P_Q*$D8?




U78*81:O+-DLF
M

:]*_KV-1
ZRM?@WXG+ELF-5$P
;RB:&(X%$PU]]#
5HH^2O.%^M%=?#F


DGNY**+

8@`*X
(L#*(:&J#



EJ9BG#Y:1DM4
4XC

G6&TO80E4Q\!



MM(45XR*J9;1OD7^63:33)+)F/)H&C:6/DTC1I+A+R:!HTE0C)-H;1$R*)I

MS%=%B0=1NFT5))4IJ2&AYUFZ#)ZQ%?182TO*?(-ZK%A7D%2FI(:$'OIH:W@0



65
M;@$^*\
XL3EF
4G]OI









V2
MX`!HM
V2X)QGM
V2E'/
!7PAI5N-H\;1-DN\\31-DN8\71-DNT\71-DN



M`P!02P







'?8.3ZA]
BEV


M.-'@%03$

CS=K%:K'N)`?12%^\AJ6


%AM7#;*2NU2:^-#I$ND1Z1/I$!D2&1$9$QD0F1*9$9D3F1

M2X'5`V-VL3Z1#I$ND1Z1
9$!D2&1$9$YD0F1*9$9D3N25R1V01B

M1-9$-D2V1'9$]D0.1)I-1BU&ZE:K2%/]&B%U[!&5`@IWR7%`A5O

/K$NF1Z7ZA8P/V

L+`1&C$!%.+XC0BH-6@U-P


M&


N
^HK

7V



[5E%1WC


U8#0




?:02M
+Y?U_'R

%.I5Y-A?J@*EMF(
QNKULFJ38)6
75)5LBF




`5TK!;IFY`-W;#UPNH%.QD:Z`)K1!#169KQ+;&JF7EF@04E6NJ6F9K

-HRVC':

UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z

M-WTR!6B;ELXK.XRZC'J
^HP&C(:

UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
$*I%!&C!FE%4%


2\TCGHLX

:




T9S





MI#BHY=7&:7\7R3HFIB:Q]=(E*9
#[Y(\\O+B5$#Q9G+5PO6GG5HGL/AB4V1[
M;7J*[!%D7Y$UP8#14)'9&BDR6V-%IC519.:GBDQKILALS159PD5`45
L`Y+@

M\JI4Z0W
*K)[QCM%94<<)6$Q
&TU#PNA#P





A+9F767'M.5@PJ7@!I/P
M9`S/46FB=ITN%+;EQ1Q)6)Y6UY)+N!/42B-]GA([=.5$R5HE?;FQIVEL0.DK


*H#UK6Z`/5,C149`E'C,:*;(8W
M462VIHK,UHS17)$E7`04-<4RH+@I5IQRK<BRW##:*K(L=XSVBLS6@1&+;2K

MZ1[JMFEIPHXB6Y+I!H210;5ZC/J

XYYZ/@@'ASJP=V(G2H^LMHJBPWRW9*H<_NN&O_`D_'
4#5YMC
P:ZYI9




1CR.

MW%
M0WU%UL8#1D-%EG#$:*S(;$T83169K1FCN2*SM0@H:HIE0.5EJ%!O2[E6

=HK
EL'1H@M*@5BBYDZ

M#J@T7^)E*$V8+$
E5WDGJ'*-;ZZBO)5D`H].R9@J;I*S(S`T9#11AABCL4



F5KC*M%JFY;.HSJ
NHQZC/J
!HR&C$:
MQHPFC*:



*P)VLURVQLCOE



MU67):
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/Z
`(_@FM4_(/

5HS6C#:
MHQVC
M/:






P!)=-)JYA

KUXSB;5!+S`I3`DV!V@!)X$LP14`)/TH.D
MYTJPO(42'-]*3DL`B2RDL

$


!


]FYRQ+LB
^&K@2[X#/9Q\MIL/$]D]V\+)E`(IMZ68+W


M$'(#X=\_X&4%W`MXUF32[
!^<
0`D\B4R6_;FR3)7EU48N
M-=Z4S?PYM$RAY0U53H-7K3-Y494E,DGVY\@R19:7U#D-SCQ`3R)3)WEK`%.
M@W
S4`)/@N


_C'DPPAD5.=V!H.XT5-O0D!#N%%33V)S+W]




S37^B
M*?-


M3S+Y0@2GP9=/

MDJWANZB9?&^2)?@6:B:?G60)/H&:W;D2?+D))7#G!V@#?YXMTVSY3`3G@R^6

M\R0ME$`^LLGYX'NOF7QJDR7XZBO*YDGP[==
/KO):?!EX4P^N
J2/B1]5S*J
MU-'6GN?&D
@WX=G:%!+Y-#Q+9I#(%^)9
H=$O@K/DCM(Y./P+&E!TG(E;4CD


G
E
FXDBXD75?2@Z3G2OJ0#%S)$)*A*QE5
)[F3V^3
ME;LQ)!-7
H5DZDIFD

O%2W+U%



!*



M_?GO^NNG7X9/7YY0W*@H5P7_?'[^PYFVOS@$Y_?D79VJ8//US2]/OW[XUY\O






*;O;J:W]P^G9GFI


A!9$ED161/9$-D2V1'9$SD0
M.6J2U!5FE9=.7RJ*[ECYI[$3G!!I!2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9R)+(BLB:R


M:G#AB9Z'/#X\I+=?$8S$K212$:F)-$1:(AV1GLA`9$ED161-9$-D2V1'9$_D


ML-&ALTGY$(PD])+(BD*O1Z*F\ALB6R([BK
?25*PDZNK;#)Z%:2QZ,F226[
MA2==R]\;L4_V:?5[I.O?HRG:5NCN'Q^S+JB(5I+/DE'ET;5J`QY-KN,TH3%8
M:[#.,UWO'EW.[1M)+=+1BL.O_9(YW9CL*W!=AQN[U&26[2!K'`/T4RRBS7H
MTZT+3ZT%;@E![4V)%V\6UW,;G:/]`S-HZ153A^R$;B(5I*ADE'%J&;4,&H9
M=8QZ1@.C):,5HS6C#:,MHQVC/:,#HV.T@ITRQ!6!8[+$WAZE4*?NS7?4YWJ

MW@2D@V?+H3M&?0AS
;4AF&&Z''HR%%8VSU@&.QWN^BZ;SZTX(VO3DRY[$\RR


TETR]%V
&Q96&*ST



=B6


ZGUTC/5

:N5Y^MSAZMT$*VCJ?^FC1J/L):66PW:


=HK
MSTN7=5!VDL(QL'.7E;:I
ZN36(/


MMF37%:.UX;DQV)9==XSVAN?!8
?$-:VX
TN4UX2%)3.`O*IOUA];Q8@\6/_
M5WI7U8=7C.K7)=`H,VF_+4?K&/7*\\*M.@S26#)T5:

M)(5M8.?&X]

M*-RO.;+U@=*SI+F
9@K5AF=CL):C=8QZPW
PV))=5XS6AN?&8-O`XIQBQ^'V
MP2P6W

METCS2!EA/H&/7*
]ZO-







^N8^(PU'_4$J?MM$5C\[4
16/QZ
MO?1

M/4$1IE]I&*P

:J59TP`(U8VV6B4G81K

^T$92-Z/29STQL[6'L
X
MSVN



M=]R

M


)<UB=%6H-CP;@[4<K6/4&YZ#
MP9;LNF*T-CPW!MNRZX[1WO`\&.R8N*85YU:?5,5][PN/FW&U2O]`3-`-EE+
M&&Y\021V=QC
E=TT^_BF4';2\DIA-W@Z#;ZTEE:)65Q6J07EJ69K!XVRDU1;

M=2\H2_4Z^ZK@H.PDU:.PLZFFC?7

M:NG*HZ3%^114M
:(UG*TCJ/UP3

M^-P





=W1R%
I



)PZV`6+VMCLV[[ACM#<^#P8Z!


5M8/2I?(QR1



MZ5U5'UTQJE^70*/


T3O6@[358V#G4DW:E/MIJC5S//%TYBA(C_+








M20/U*:AHC1&MY6@=1^N#9\S;$%C



MO9G[

&D8MHXY1SVA@M&2T8K1FM&&T9;1C
MM&=T8'1


MWMEG]XQ'


V
BTI&%:.:8S5LU3+J&/4<:TA0VEBRR7-H+#QCQG?2K@M_
MR(HEGSE[

M.7+AS50++02E]9IO;E1&
TFS$H294*@Q*H5:K.)'^XV@Z]-SY?3=-*R.G?[(
MFE0;S27I3E`
VC
:!.D
WIQYAGLX



VH$10=6T:=H!BK






VH$
MZ1[L
!W/[_/V`-TONO-$SZ7;XR<L[)KT:M9C*6R6QCYL3%%EHK$<*1-MS(3K

TGX5'*@N%1U@[%:M2





E229/XY&





5JQ&KV(NTC#I!
5;/L88$I47C9NMYT;@C)5]^__3Q
MC[PS':?V2;F


:H[M-T7R($



M94^90=E;OMS6HUV:F?LX!SA-UE%%5D#*#&J-









[I)51V/5AN










T*
M6J*MW
#$K44;+N#$K44[*J#$K44
M;*Z#EF@IV&
'+=%2L(4.6J*MW

(2-6?E#3M9HN8L!1M:HN8L!?M5HN8L!=M6HN9L



;5VHI
MV$H;+=%2L*



L4'.6@I
K4'.6@@
L4'.6
M@B-M9N[\$DX')]O


K:
M4N9(9VZF@Y

6

MC99H*3C




IH92F4D&I3*6&


M0!E

IH92F
M4D&I3*6&4IM*`Z4QE0[7TYG7TT
93&4)96DJ*R@K4UE#V9C*%LK65.90YJ:R
M@%*82@FE-)4*2F4J-93&5%HHK:FLIABWQQT'L_G.&LK&5+90MJ:R@[(SE3V4

W?190E,IH92F4D&I3*6&TIA*Z4UE0Y*9RH]
ME






94M
ME*VIS*'



[N/CN.DAAC


M^/S'R_?#X?4


MN'V%_2_?[W^\B+;'N]]1]WC[_






M@S0&:0W2:22Q!#7/LX3@U!)&8EJH#=(8I#5(IY'$$M10;4F?WXOR@@KBZ_?[

IY%D

(S@U


LPR-I^+:/$2%
M(6ZU1J!9D%E


M5\Q3K7!%J!/(

O<


`J2//Q9J+-1:J$N@UJ




M!O5X6KD8B@UJ-NU:&.+N:@3B[J`P[7UD&&)!H%Y-:NP;979LSW(
Z;HOD#8O

*@%Y=E^&2.6T.Y]P8&

M@U0U
-^A1-BCD7#I`&1!/IV;PZ6(Q`CH!'*6FU*X




MM84:[46ZA(H-2BKB;NLL



M`R8



O\

MDR50#+O60IU`CD%OU)LR%)?$H`!A.=\X#+&
[NH$XDC

MJ+25B*$D\@)78AQ#.O(



;
M(:3[[_B[YT\K$$/Z*
20G@M#^B@DNO112-CL40B2[UN:'85Z_M[2&-#%8G25



MT``E-Y=@:-:6-:P


8RAJ^I5+#=9U01ELR\(L

MU

X;J*]:1A#
L271B4@0(H



`Z;K2:_UX

:@LU%FHM
MU%EH9:&UA386VEKHQD([^T3*/4*54!)TMHK7!EC[:_F#/69+/1W%FHLU%JH
ML]#*0FL+;2RTM=-A786VB=0ZA4JNLHK)U
S%VGM+8;B+;V:ZANR1W*^ML?K


M[Q




MAVX\7^4O&S:1+KFG%2CFVLY*X&XFQ;K2-5U&X$BFJW%KH1B&\[YO;N(ET4
IFX_]_0[K\$OB#]S<X#T@8&Y</U3&@LU`H4I]LQI&ZCKX0KZEI;
M:-0U+6UNFZ$*^K:66@OD..M[`S[%9[A6P1H2YEED
U


MV&9GGU/][


M$F&G@@*$J;A45!W,`V/4F&E3M!Y



M9U/(]'=NC-]F&

MWFK#

MKUY8FW#VSPP*-4X_FRPGN45J8&I78I#2BM2\&KHTMZ*]-JJR;H*=QC0@U*
M[5(:4!J7TH+2NA2\3(F9NEEYC)R(-YFM;34HM4MI0*$7HJU
!PJ]%VTIU7B*

M;?AH`

?+*4:(?.Y9\`:%/KPD95I0&E<2@L*?0;)RN33;#`HU0%

VQ6I@.%OL9F*56!;!D^FY.M=@U*[5(:4.A[958;









I(QDC.2
%%-BN+\SW%?[QF(/


9(SD@Q
M)4:DV*@G$_6]2(6V&:DDOCQ(Q&87*8+M=JQ;?W^T(AV5QD@92251QYTPG8TZ
M$].'E6DZ'Y7(=#$E1O8C4GP-)VFD%*
@U2DC4.=!WDP5J;\:A$GB2
I(QD
MC.2

MC!M4RDCV(^/DQCC;XW&Q7TW^;
UAB^D@1H8\S)DC10


B*U
PIJN7N0Y8+08-F,7+0&CLAEQV!$
M+A$B)[,13G^Q&-;ZQ(PY2@A-PU(/:I21EK:5<U00<@0B6@)'(*I3F$ZA1/:

C



M[LV%$'E*32X5SV=+)=8:E.B$T+1:E1V-





M]MV=S8#-SD:AZ9(DI)=1S%%:!(61QDA;2OGJ#D,3=V:#_MMM8A=8X$:8S
M:.V9$:G1DCRP755K4*(30I-JY2@CI`[&W69QF*Y(JY9RK4[C%(1X)?NBX]5
M_+W+V:!N3;3J670



MQ$0&
O

M?

1RZ\+J)U`I!
S9TE0
OCPX)+@B\3G



LCSRY)Z!WAV_`9R


&;RY)=@S$JR=N+$=].`4%RL
IP(LEA.DJ:KQ+

$%``&``@````A`/[P%]$[&0``M'@`


MZW
A_[@Z_
MGIQ_GSU]/_XJ'N^^U'</!T0;]:1JX,_C\2^E6GY1









M2$%D1J0D
B=2$:F)-$061)9$5D361#9$MD1V1/8N\:H/$X!8]2E\JCZ)^:0E





M5M:731&;F'X9:ZLE*3;BZZ44_8:LIOA.E9F&K*?^MMXG:EJ/VO*[E'XPB$RU


MLC./5*/NI9WH9Z)FFV0NSFR4M&RSF819Z6H66=S=E:)EG561YPUHG9RYK=F
M-=-_+6[XT^

RH8
MS1B5C.:



M95'**&.4
RH8S1B5C.:





T8YHX+1
MC%'):



![

MFQG;E
:F3:G?Z06/_)R-*F
DG7;0%=9LTQB;-J'A96=@GUZ_9M0RT9GG4\T$

$S\U$J_G[+


07UMJE1NKK7;UZ]66
M1G9%-.T12AEEC')&!:
9HY+1G%'%J&;4
%HP6C):
5HSVC#:
MHQVGO(JRVU


T8YHX+1C%'):
ZH8E1K

M#U2X#K):$JB*42W(%J@1Y+8/*O92:P7M(RCV2GQ9]^NX85#L#1MN!;U:[)W5




M+K3;ZVQ8BG^


M$;;WF5_GP=:8K




77'5MI+*HR:6Z&D5HJ:

U'WJ=9E^%<6&V18)KM]=2DAYIAYWP

ZU0BO5^PSPW?#6UY9C)&.:/0WYQ@K7ZF\7A-?RP



AV.W*00Q
M2L7`+3S[N.RZ=1A

M(EV'=WBD6@%??=@N/+0)G.9L4SCIN







MQ]/9[?'O!ZPFN_BP_=

/840?S*E@JSQ1FZ



.V-EAB3X.TW6F),@N,GB'6LD\`I%,0Z)L&Y$\0Z
M)ID@'?5:FML!CB$@UC%)HEZ1<TV.(6`6

M(-:Q\N#X#V(=D^`0$&(=D^`L$&(=D^!$$)Z%F`0'@_`LQ0XA8=81_LJV$RB
M-CB4A5C'O.$P%F(=DV209%$)CF(AUC$;G,AK&
2G





Q68(3^(DZ
MC\T2'+Q/U*ELEN#3%L0M-FKB
XID\H+-=:).N+
W?#*1J'/N+

&W$8DZ#L\2?#.-6HC-$_'I
M-&HA)L'GTJB%F`3?0R/6

1Z)'SK$ELHT/
MY)C3_XD@J26`XFR
S115UZRMQP2=:<E2W#'
M:**NMF0)[A5-U`V7+,'%H8FZPI(EN*@<)8VU`]Q7GJ@[M=D&UY8GZFIMENJ
M\D3=L
T27$J.N


OV+WG:/8?GUL




MOTJVC^^^)]W'MU_^_H_?_^/=YX^_(\5?/_SVX=O_G).^?/'QW5^ZOWWZ_.7M


_#U\^_#Q^

MK]_@][F\=Y]_0TGX_R\^?@B=`-?^]E\_OMRBA`\_?_OUQY?7=Z]N[Z^N-]O;


M?[[`Y`F'OO[^-DS%F[^$;&F`I\&6ASRFGG=!_E]!_^-+]$$

M_^'U'YA$WB71&T=4*G:B*,_Y-W7H*E!6X-##8XUZ&K0UVHP5B#J0:G&LPU

-CC7H:M#7

M([(GTA!IB1R('(ET1'HB`Y&1R$3D1&0FLA!9+2F:&C
H-?7V]E6^M_&4$B(P

1$Y$9B(+

1$Y$
M9B(+D=62HCUQO_;:





A-9


MY%XM*?P).US/H#


M7W$#ATBIP)MP'@E'MEK8+J&BHVP?JI7J7E62JV'4
CHP.C+J&/6
!D8CHXG1
MB='



MG2#-U3
:!&FND=$D2'.=&

MMTDR.QMNKJXKV5YET@\:07:VI6FZ%95.#P=!MDAGR.2*28F=!&JNGM$@R*;G






MZ;=!7[5\1/:)95(9M&?4
&H9'1@=&76

%H+5/;Y)TX@

MCE'/:&`T

M




.D8]HX'1R&AB=&(T



OH($AS'1EU@C17
MSV@0I+E&1I

&WSC\[.K]'@@4/B?S@AT$MYAB1V\MH]!





NE0Q


MXU7U;OF;)
/QL+H1SR0
VK.J8=0R.C`Z

MN'=ZD^=-X%5_3TC[Z$Y4BO:

V



MPT:'30X[.6QVV.*PM62E.=7)P+/FQ.

4RR&\W?262YRKRO#N!ZE4EK#XS&A$S-)E'9<VBNV8DC9XF\7+-%95*SM4E



PAUFN?
\;-@^
UWH-(D9DUI&AQRI)1Q9UCFR/C
M

M#FL==L@


BHR\GT#*H7AE^B2B\;$KO75=K(V29&)T9S0EO\FESR+\)
F:NP

M.C`Z
NHX5\]H8#1RKHG1B='


G6N9%4US[+8EVO

M6UQB3+-[1RVSTP74(TPTXRMPP[3!E'82:V$V9T?69:[B#






M&!T9=8QZ1@.CD='$Z
1H9K0P6@M4MG!U9I!;F
\&[A+2&^*.T9Y1PZAE=&!T
M9-0QZAD-C$9&$Z




MUCBLS4P7M8?
=

RWWE)F6.PLSY2X.6TM6
MNE#M\V5!@)_SU-O
A
)\-5C7
MK+




MRDQCY\RTW
5A:V;GV++%GSAGN.=SAH3
[+-CM&?4
&H9'1*J[JG\@()#NQP:


M'7;(3.\/Q\PTMLM


M0./
JX:.9QS578O?.$ZA=G;;.ZQQ6)N9SA0'AQT=U@F[_'RZS[+XW+S^EV`'
13=G1TG3#S'+//3!]?#\+L8W-AA8=<[LG1

N4MF6NZ:&3\V?P@;9+






ZA_4.&QPV.FQRV
EAL\

]AV
M2670GE'#J&5T8'1DU#'J&0V








M:']1%L=^?



MA!
$Y[:WN8I'W8O+R
8;.DX]\`^$*:H6%5+&2+UW'#;TV]+[J*QDPF

Z1E^$
MYKK@(3%X*
%:#


MB4[W
2O(@
M'!2EGOS`08&:$PX*U-(QR@2J$G8)U-(QS!C&X'GTJMQ5AV=Z#CC
Y+-53H0

X3=$99V$X/=Q&W)-33-WB;H/EZ*\9@A/CU
MGW&3,L)-8G3&-R

$6PQA




M
#



X3K#.&ZP
+U!







M86/\IQR
.^G2P;2[+AU



(]$9JUFGW@



7DJP%@W?2`C?6`B3!&K1
'F*5##89Q`+0@CD&L$JCAL(HAK!*HI6



M'990


P5'5201AJ$U9^AN

M\%
N`-Z1$-Z)4.\?&$T





M30QF$X/9Q&!V9
%LN5B


M+K`PG2%


$QB5
(QP3:VCE[



M!($ZIV/HM1PVY0E?!8H)8.0P5J.`QE$,%:DX,8($:#O,$JA).=32
8(%

(`8VI\8FC^R[?/[PJ&(Q)L%_$T
MP&2ZF3:A4F4$!X1@T42;!?[SK$9Q\(TB;45Y(\

4N

A





MGO*^X_P7]3R:#@9T2XIA0PQM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM
M3@QM3@QM3@QM3@QM;EG5YF'#[K9YW


MXIYV]5B=BF-
9)W

$?





ML#;K)!;6$H.UD=WI6@?61A9^9V'+J

M!IR-K*Y?50:
I5@8F\NX5#\8FW52/QAK665LV%B[QL8==SF





M@


M7L

M*2P/


(3L9
MU+6,;^?353I8:1BD-`Q.&@8E#:,C-@Q&&@8C#8.0AL%'PZC8=#1
-AH&&PT



MR3C\3+TT4#4
?AH&/PV#GX;!3\/@IV'PTS#X:1C\-`Q^&@8_#8.?AL%/P^`G


0ZQK_0@UC'JG^E#GAMMO`ZZSCG'[Q.


7Z

MM$Z]\`]:

XZLG_5%EZG7O@'

MMU'3
*AI&-0XME/CV$:-0SLUK3BH:1C4-`QJ6GE0


[


MO+H&!W31'&AU+&7*I\#V&NM=`0;/9LH:)IP@2C.TS5FX#STVXTFO
$`ZN%YR
MF6QH]9(-45ZNM[I
1VZF)(


_
M
+L2O/*V/U7BMM/IX



X





M6V6D)EZF:BQ?ME'(
6MZL$([AV*:5$G*`%=7A2H'TWQ.
QS;FY&QT@R;E\\U
MHTV^8W;?FN'8/ODVC$8TC#8TC#8TC#&D86\^RRP+P+[*K!O`OLNL!\^RFP


/AI&/PT#'X:



2M7FR!UV8+K[..'+=JZ]3+_R#UX;!:ZL#7AVK_I6Q#5Z;
M+;S..C;_BBV\3KWP#UXS5GBU79?D=6S'-EX=VWEU;.NOXE+,XU0+MZU8=`Z





-




MK`]GZ_K7-D


MS13&PG2X]@=C6_XK(Q%L+H-P%#9;R9#9

@

OM^Z%HPO
MO?`/QG.!A7$[0Y,^^'SKACQG@4#KL!;G-J!^'3P9W/AL%G&*]J8*\IPEXH
MKJIAJ(
PU*QAJ&$P%


M*PIJ&@8UP_BL9Y#53%KF%YX*4_6__@+Q=8^+


Q50U


MRAU

QU0U131&B
MHL0U.-$C.P@K#HKW]1SY9;*-E7ANZ(+:(WW[;V_P6CV2TLNMG[#==V!MZP%'

2C(
++_.




+
M7[9%3GRM/N)[9VPCLD_'@V/EQE%[$4_H7;IQE/2B#HCR.K`-#)X
MGANH:\8P-RM)^=5?Q)/TPAFXG+:!066K`R8=N^0@[#9CR)V5G'

M&2MLVX9:LNT[[9UMQ_*3M^-A[






MU`P]_JWE^W6]-P0US19J'NI76VA9NHE:C*V4V,7-20U)T$Y%!G81DWH96HZ
M]G+LV&M@&S5#+U,SH(V:7MR7*(Y=6#3]J\^!9;*^QZ812]34R;Z'Z&7;'\&

NK#7;.%NV'+X'7&
M%NZF7N(N8X4[.PE(W



M+YCE59?)AF9*-BC3YC+9$'IG7:9WNYXZI3[:X8/

M]JM&].+07$L6R'9PNU4TL)WL



M4/:/LDR`





G@TJ*[_^I)GH#G#0
2AH&(PV#D8;1

<.(


MV4'8;89P^RLY)R#L#WUPAG8SEAAVS;-DFW?36\CX+5CVY'DP*RCK9[8?Q7E
MN/3+YCU\K`-C%XWL#7*TNN&+PPJN8YRQP]B72^=5T'LK&.S+0]*Z9U3+WR!
MV(9!;*L#8ATKYYGU)1CPVFSA==9QSC]XG7KA'[QFK/!J^W')JV_4=UX=VWEU



MZB5J
E:HL2VZI


ME;(?#




:=BWB:@YTO@EP
3XJ\`^!6;_P_@MP&3\

/L?=?\(

M]/T(81MA3\K$=']6*UX`

^P[CK)9]A7-E6G\F!9DH.

_8A^!^ELS9K@-XS@#V



\.ZR8Y?%0N5QK@K=0)+VFHEJ0NEZ:2.!R


M


/AI&/PT#'X:!C\-@Y^&P4_#X*=A\-
P
M^&D8_#0


M06O#H'5@&ZV.U;50QYH;;;0.NO8PE8N'D'KU`O_H+5AT-KJ@%;'JG^E#FAM
MMM`ZZSCG'[1.O?`/6C-6:+4-OZ353P+V[NK83JMC&ZWJ31/VT[-UX;!Z\`V




M9XQP-_4BC(QX&=NYXS?%-^[FYO$D*`N4P
HOT]^MG[WWWQ`^2L5V:/IQZ3'5
MKE;=7)6E^




BW'9%B`QPU0UK

ASD&6*^$D
MU+42H6X8IZHAJBEU%!

8
M?T_

D!
MG7CUPT.[1/MT''IV!W+VU\/-H2^5O3ST(BQPUS#Z:\-@KF'TS89!7

@KF'P
MUC!H:QAC;
.@K6'TN(;!6L
@K6%PEK'2D^R4('&V!E@_/M@'6
?20W8Z3
.(
<:*_[:5EO[['GOW?VK?^%_P__8?C?
/QO&/XW#/\S



2*
]&MW&A@CZ71-W(8,T]5\`C=-
M@VC-+E1Y@<.SV:7774:PZ$*?18WTT]&:90Y/]4/!,F6R]&AHDPU=7'_5B'
M;@GFV#;##;V$$9.F1TP:1DP:1OL;1D9DK+!OZ[5K#D1&/V-Y8&M_LP`V3#<

V
)K:
M
)K:
)K:







M=U\[#Q%1Y9WI^;8F.A.ENASE@D4GW[&T](3\AA&2AA&2AA&2AD%^PVAJQ@KY



F9ODF
6N-D%

6Q


MM(^VME`M\#7'UH5/NK1J394T8.@M#


M0V\UE!`I

U

MK$@?A]H6I(:1-0TC((Y=7)%./7K-](7(E?TI@Y\JL(?I/__'W__VMW]\_.=_






KBQP
M2L;*\`A1;&![F4]L;4RFL_KAWF0JH;![H.TR
6Q53-NEC
7]`^V3
EO]6GVG

/Z7




B@X&@\J!YFI;HBGK(_[$#?$4\JX`W)#


MBKNR
I6


M

N)I8Y:4
M$69;%T@98;;Q3
H(LZT+I(PPV]PH97R/R/+:3[[+W




R=9G4F9O5V-LE3)[

MRHBGK:^EG[SZS-;74F;OQV

.UM4&-G[AOXZZ4
MX?ZMM4&U'?=OS4\EPT7K8U*&B[?FI[(CQ6XMSY2

M4
HH[MK*5'&AS&LK4\DHSL9D*2/]KBT'E1WI=VTYJ&2DW[7EH))1W


I6

M?MG`\DS)[

+






\BWS'629G]*CQCG939S\$3,RGC]Y+OZM29C\/SU@G9?8K\?0C

[D9%R@U?J1E$&KG:E*&;3:F:J40:N=J4H9M-JY


KM
MO%7*H-S.6Z4




MLJ_8?
2;B*3
UBBR?:_6/N*IVOYF

M
B[(;.TFXX+

M;4=FZS/9=F2V/I-M1V9K;]EVNIZ=7\NV([-UB&S[C^.5[4G\]Q1:7B



MJ\G()67WS60


)$KVR62?M`SW;?R\4F
D;;`S0-D^VF#G

MDW&A.!M;I8SB[`Q7RD@_.\.5

MVMF
E

Q^F`R.E.RGR=[Y$&
(



MV]]

T'%!

M
EQD3:1EN`A'![Z.V.=^7#2.I(RJZ`]:1G'

_5J&&\:[
MM

-YGXM^W'@SB4?JK__-!D?2O;+9'PHV;O)^%`RFLV=(3Y$/)%QKL&'D+U9
MF7RH





I7LN\G(
M027[83)R4

MDY$32O9B


S/;H\@XYLM
8

MC#;P72%^Q5&
+[]

MF8R8*=EGDQ$7)?MJ
N*B9-CQW23=OB\FXT/%A3)MK)

MH
TY4D:L[9Q(WF_%?3LCDS(HMS%+RBC3QBQ9'_S9^;R4?309'RHN+R;C0\G@







W6&K)

M9


M_KNN#][Y_KN6



)MA'

`YFY



M&DT0[]S4N)7Q\Z?&Q\6SA!?K2WQF/$M0XU+Q+$&-2T7?5:/]XIV4EF4+.]S.
M




_.



C6ITS9@;U3@EQD]=E\XI

MJ='D

MB

!T?6

?Z
MBWWW3-0T:4TWY%`YD5

M(UUE($-E(H_*($!D:%S)1!Z5A2R5Q'627F=#-I4=V54.Y%`YD5
E(UFE($5E

Z2D*2RH9L*CNR
MJQS(H7(BITI&LLI#J



\*@M9*HF0IO4G79'(.5G/*4A1J4A5
MN9!+I2%-Y49NE4;`RJWQ*AWI*@
9*A-Y5!:R5!)E2UJV#=E4=F17.9!#Y41.

DC4

9*A.9

#XSD&ODQ999NL?(9!N1I26X*,&ETIN96L1?*)E





M:7'E'G2$I
8BY
N-=+DB9*B-I

LB)&*E



#6
$((T2L8
18(U:PQ!BIL#$06L%8(QPK
M?J5@1-
@5C#B%!$K&
'FB!:




M+\7'SQ_4]58MI=O@;U^^_$.;IK]HI)S?DO?FW`:'KZ]^^?#KNW_^_KW^\N_=


:_-$VW_\VN5



MM(0:+Z'62ZCY$FJ_A!HPH19



FU(:);$0O

80['&YULY-Q1?W%WY`^WC9*26]:CVDLB*R)K(ALB6R(Y(2B0CDA
I




Y$#D2J8DT1%HB

N)F3;A=$V[8A%LVX:9-N&T3;MR$6S?QFM=+8;6[



_






&@


MMM]=W@?#U\I9H7)K1AM&6T8[1BFCC%'.J&!4
JH8[1D=&!T9U8P:1BVCCE'/

LTN+J?(KU(FVNSJC8+M+JZIR*

]=4:`YGU4YPOGGG&C*F''_L7%_86_


*DM]JGG6W55P%9@JCQ@:\-$_3:,
MMO`4:CLPH9:R:\8HAZ=0*\$6LFN%:


&B5E_PV@K/+7X73CE[H0!I%/6R1CEPO-<[KOK<!`I
MA`G$2U:J&.V%YUD\W/\_`-('UFG9M0(S^F2!!-**PP@W;%.SV@0GN=2WUZ'



\HAG$6$ENU:
]A'/0X0=V;5FU$0\


S$M;^'I1;V\#T:VG3!#T)35

M.6H#3R\J7<Q6F%HQVH]

MLE-MX#A!5V&ZHFIN='8V
');B*1)4,BZT6HQ*I'M([6*W^J'K^P*'/X6
#

KY@N_@G`&ZP]HXB:7!AM%62+LB

9N5V%J:=ELU(JC[JWG






[



M.6%PC+&$G5H`Z7%)O27E\D'^$\PN*V&/7K0V3*P*-HRVPE

4;?!+=].F%`
MJ86#LZ5)TT.FL
%Q;_A7(8B5`HD[5]#N]?EPA

967P/.
%O/LX


M45A`7$UHDYM((36A
4.J^;=TE*5J0G/%L$&0@3((TDTRI)L.$J\#LL];]B+_
M)BE_MM+']+'N.AW?RZU

%&7#:-MQ'
782F[9HSR





MVM[;&#
Q;6^MIPQ*(\].F%HRFH9HUQXNJ)1K0IAA@E9;.UJCCHWGK*6JD7





R.#86HT'DX[H&H\X'A(8?6#F(^


M=K#


%41J]/

+\4XV_NWJ@:IE^5B';UDM&*T9K1AM&6T8Y0RRACE

7HFV3QPB+-+AZ

M8;1EM&.4

NH8]8P&1B=&HX?\EM?'NVAY

-HRVC'*&64

#
MHR.CFE'#J&74

M

(FM&&T9;1CM&*:.



MC

\
57#/:&1::.NL//U@?V;GS*?




ML)3:P=?[=B)_PWA
ME%4R1KGP/!?Z)AP7V$![9*%*D9[X7G6ID/)@[`]I&%:D:-\#Q?D'#X:84!






MY
[:


GZ*:DW8V
3






A=XJP$6R2\S/AF4WU:]Y4!PJ76



MT_N:-[V!O$46S.0BB]G:^(K4VC#:(H+8PMI%6
JN&:
\XEE$6
FN%:-]Q/
0

_=WO8'T4&=S5\W8





UF%YB6M_(3&V*XH;T+3S#J
%-SD[8

7





^=96Y635DM8Y1;3Z=6

=K#4Y3M`;4CNQ:,VK@*=1:RUQ-.W;M&0W6T]7T!;*-GJN?AH\

)VR/0'I/QO8]=7,0K'&7L%.;D'K5?Z.^FQ*8K(0)VGMMF#B(W3#:
MD]7B



M)AIY%6%KPV1F


48:/GZJ?!




`3I6ZQD-PO








5F[VJ)YC-5'+T`OHI+T\E



=5N(\
SSO5UC



M
%-WC'K?5CV'?.$]%QS(KHV]N`?:

&JS]=\(.45.P^:@9S%S4



M`:]?O?_GM^]?/NT^?/S[^4!/=9'8-@@?YJE]#=UOU0I==JKPK;M+9X;Q9
5H
MS6C#:
MHQRAEE#'*&16
2D85HSVC`Z
CHYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
3HQ&1D^
,UHPVC+:,=HQ21AFCG%'!J&14,=HS.C`Z,JH9-8Q:1AVCGM'`
MZ,1H9/3$26_;6^

M/B
4


M$[J4CS`L+NA'3XV8
L
57#/:(*33WSHKV4)WP:IMY\R@GS+*6#]W5DZ??M6S
?K!Y6F=&?0[1CWK#\[*Z=/E.3DK

2JY5[S(-\


MF\-@[D)GC'*@V=%L4)-KZ_H1^1*+EP%:





MZ*1`3BMCE`



!:#;BR5C9JQE6;X3


M:14&B7*5L'):%:
]D-
ZL-815DZK9M0`.:T6R-6Q`W):/:
!R&F=#!)U'&%U


M6T8[1BFCC%'.J&!4
JH8[1D=&!T9U8P:1BVCCE'/:&!T8C1ZR&]Y-;W&EGD/


1@_YF1-L


MX:P@7S*J6'[OK)Q\Y.31F4'_R*AF_

M07[TD)^'S^S`/_`./)#

M1CFC@E')J&*T9W1@=&14


M/(0OYDMA);7H`?D

J)R?
R:
MYZ%KZ.%5)I/NP[4C
TG_K\4@`(+8R


5WMTE-_N$L

Q[?W-[6\N%O]UF
M]GY;.`\7Y9S^L95S.M3I

MCMA#MA#MA#MA#MACIACIACIACIA#IA#IA#IA#IACEA_S3L

M
ATN]-
19_FCTH:1@NF;[
B`



W)7LAJLSLBN
[`HCD\+(I#`R*8Q
B-MPDA;9B5M
MX^BP3=OX0TW;9*4ZNZE/@XY=X/#=[&3'S,2?9O:`W_BUB&?E02M2:Z%6D4IJ
MA9':IS1)MLV,)2[JQDLY9`\S[FIA)M4FLB%H

M@=-`WO#7B&:G=NOHD;$N##4F2X_9D7VSV[(OC.Q+/%)M;)UO
K#%CB1*/)(H


MJ11?4BF


M/JVI-^5C67(9=BXQN6S::-94-UN[:89MA
K8RM

/
FT
48(SBN3H8#NDBKZ!+AEJNT

M/@;-37U[*2D.



1@W9R*6C7


M=?S96R/5$H9



M;(VM=+P-MN*12K-;C%2*+ZD41BK%E[0)8]@::VK+XRANVAQ9U;.NZ\7A9
P!



F&D3'Q)F3!2)K[D2!@YRKXE1Z-&:7

M1U'0I/6$




MR/'PLBQL\-^]JP;PW[WK`_&O:C83\;]JMAOQOV9\/^:MC?#?NG83P@IXFY


M.:LFQQ*/'`LCQ](&.0Z[U4;S@-PR\VZ0]G%E;2/4CE?0W-62/N0W
RCCD\
M-D-SLC&+([WZK?IDYJYD-UR=D5UAC%9A9%(8F11&)H6126&
5F&D+;.2ME$=


O#ZE

M67[NBDY&VG4T





MF
;1HW7?I=60:]/UXN`LW[J
;77?9?VI7-(YPVUEGS+2*7:D4QCI%$8ZA9%.

#J%
MD4YK-E?1RRXU43\!(\



MPG)/G#%VWREO=^5#;?)F=OQ[FI;/KO8G

MN\0A[S7.X2:'N;N1ZT$7B8

[7SP[[
-/ABJSFLTUGCY
W'3P)
MJK**

AQ1
AW?/!
M9HN0HRI/0I[VT4=^UPH)3H\KW!\N9^&^2VIL_.1!GCER..W.X\WRV;!H@9`S
M(G

!Y

SA.)J458PS%
8W_0Y;O]?=M2#RT


M]!ES

'_]M__W__YO__ZKW?_XS__Y_\BTF%-RO&$5%77

\-^]*PKPW[
MUK#O#?NC83\:]K-AOQKVNV%_-NROAOW=L'\:QHFBBLF)8@
9J7
8

M?


2=
M^?F6L4M[7K[



F%(;FP

MC'M
I:WX448*Q(X

!PNB_

?Z*Q_T
^Q\


MD^U%[_&BG$^3D[#SZR4GPLB)M$%.PF[+R2K(K)A;=MX&.0E?R0E?)MUR$MN




M:;8;%6:V;KV
BL95KH2DQ96
:I1O

MPO
ER-C:_E`!V%<@SN(;-R#6
_VE[#W*CNUS#9[;;!
COV


MY1;I?/:UL_$\U_3B*VC[XTOQ


M%$`KLS.M^/6
_7KT`33Z93Y;O_8X5\_VQ^?NSO5K[(C:?LVMTMZOR3:]KH_:
M+7.U--\]N]T?%;W

;@SE
@C'?;7MU+SA[ITREF\(



?O-!G:#@?UF8]D-
M!_:;C64W(-AO-I9E2)1I







2\JL(44+SB)U*.-DN


M82AEL1#+;%#&6$H(PQE)![*
,H;BT@.+
M4/PIK3((GM(JXR*W4
;%*/7;V3G/`+::[6XRQH7/.\;`9.D58PAN;-FAL+%-
M86$H+/&04^*AG_BBGS#TDWB()?%01GQ11AC*2#QDD'CD//N6G(\2NLWYK*WW
MG$\VRNX\%\O&#AVFW7C!9;8K&PJT3O7$&V,L7\*W^:A`C?+CUTX.]\L$DJS
M2/B49E'5S%:SJ!KAUA7+=$/H,//.(K2$0VAA!V^9YI`^S#S)M`^ARO:CU*^

#0UMC:LK*C&5B:9;^*+6
(02^*AC
1#&?%%



MJYOH)`R=Q!=1A&*^**

&80A@\1#
M!K%#!F'((`P9)!XRB!TR$.&S(H,HUAN99A5][#9'41*X=M+&+3CH?CQR+&


M2AA*&5L+([((0Q;Q119AR#)9NCYD$(8
XHL



MQ5GD[BI.EC?0?`^#`#Q_FS;0#4

WYK%?W


M
;;==I2]/CK+


$JXK7!?N
L/]?B
M+*UUZ)KZ=.'K.@@#!VL'^LY&700.W00A@[T$'BH8/8H8
P=



/
F








/007_00AA[B2\Z%D?/L
M6W(^JM
VY[-LW7
^V?8



M6
9-X'V.5S1?I2TK?:S
MUMVUGVQ?]JPF7LL4F@I#4V/K9(CY9FQE$@'%%[&$(9;$0QF)AS+BBPSD$%\
MD4$8





M96R['QGC!_#\.I!O^B:&?

K\44880@C
M\1!&XB&
^**%

#;=8M@&$B3#(.G-,G(F&9T?MS(
MK\:OGNZ'W`R4W&(9**0V#Y3')^UPJ(OR9/GU`4=6WF''2Z33I#6V#CH9L;6

MNCZTR/&*%J
F3I-6M/CYK_]-YM'Y=*IZ?V054BTF8Z_J.7GI=HFQ@(H=6@A#

88EC`%0\Q




MSC)[U]#8KJ'!;7LF#





LZU.-8JZS:JA(4KA2K&UG$-\TX8JH1O'QV-PL*CHY%$0B-A:!2^9R8/
MLH69-X%L$@[9A%;^)YI`B7#S)M`R1RN*#FJ\U9)*]O7T=B+XZBP1@6]9@J
M389JWAXZ4,G8YM.PM!)?%%&&,J(+\H(0QGQ109AR"^R`

MY'P4W&W.9R6^SY[)ZIU
GG7BET*&-M2!8WP_?_YL_P&=LHZC4=B[;FAD;.G+



MD?@B@S!D$%]D$(8


A@=NOZD$$8
@A#!HF'#&*'#
*0(;
BPZB+
M6QEFP;S+
%E=X









(0
MS-A:[E%'&.J(+^H(0YW)TO4QJ82A@/BB@#`4






N^VT6ADZB!TW'&LC?W+D=FM;BP[F

(0


XHL
PI!!?
FY


M'@C^+AEX\/?!5O`/#?L8C)4FEF@9V)^2F3?Q.=AJXDO#O@8[V\2W9.9-?`]V

1QDR636\NHE
PI#)V-J4HHPPE!%?E!&&
M
N*+#
*007R101@RB\Y%T;.LV_)^2A2VYS/ZG7/^63;432O5M/C3%WK/)=
M9[U
%V'H(`P=)MO.HMUNK77H8+Z+H8

*0+7Q/X7FUW6TZ


MQ8^WAU#$,K8)I0PA!)?YH\P5!%?5!&&*N*+#,*007R101@RB\Y%T;.LV_)




;8M

M0%
_
4;'


M%'K7L/?!5KP/#?L8;
7[U+#/P5:\+PW[&FS%^]:P[\%.\4K.1XW:S9V;6;QN


&80A@\1#!K%#!F'(D%F1892HK0RS=MUEF*PN8?+0)U^VMXW8


;XY^%F4=7


N++?!.&#.*+
M#



M-X%0$@ZAA%4^)YI`NWS)M`.PF'=L+0+GQ/1U2(Y0,X^.DCE247+4OJV2


MR2


%12`*AD#`4M_STR;,O`E$DW()@S1PO=
$^@89MX$



!0D


MFK2B17V=Y.TLH9G

MPM!

:\BL7

H6]







GK\


LA:$:K!
MM]WZAP^5+;N%FW0R73?A6BL+BE7%;=DH5MO6*U8&WJ98K6/B(2^.[R\C&EM_

M'9'TA

MPAVE!I6M/R/U)^YA':YN5


M-JEMK9EJ/*QM_(*T$9766L=EK&R








MJ'*1'O5LQ^W5



MN+UZ9DVF]:P6:]2SU2*^/_26J*
AQ]EU/5OAN`78WP/?PS7U1(];W
:&'H6-


MLF6U?#LU&_`=JNXTA']NX9KRX9_AG\*&_XI;/BGL.&?PH9_AO^*6SXI[#A

TM7!
7WQ0V

.W]SM?W_U'O0G_=











L2518:X\D\RQ+OW#.^*%3\EQ.-%

M
0I?5.%:-GQ1V/!%G=Y]1

M6[A&-WQ3V/!-;;OW.WQ3V3+

M



=[#-7DL;NG=N_KR9KOGL;K9

CMNW-=L]C=[/U\BB.&
MZ[%MQR;?GPNS%K1ORJ^7BI+^V
M=5U8AVL?


L<





M2$2J7+(\=)J(/+U9PI?!5XHSX/LP)1M=V8JK0.(\$9%785K$L!4A!!+GVS
*

MBA`*GR+Y@



'+0L^


F8IX]9
QBQE
M-+&




USW&?\9P7?JT
M

GL:0
OU6&5(^1D^+AY2/T=-8?G60=F9C2'Y]0'O1

-\KOJ2N4KS0Y*

M

V.R
I++
MF*R

MQL5\Q+TY^F8^
5?&H^[TL7Q+K61\6(]]OZ?)]_78]SOC
WOL^YWE*ZC/UR]G
MEOGETZ?/UR]HEBR?/'V^?DFS9-0O[5/K3OWHM\[P;=JNQD.2M%UE?)J0?;\S
MOE#(OM\9DC!/YY.[91V0Y%U-T:UV5,ZHQD]IU9/)K10]J+
9H*9P+.D)*Q
MU1E2


M\95WSEB
Z3DIJLS].3&JC.DY%S#&5)FWM1R

*3.O
M?+

Q\JPPI
]\J0[/
_=]L/*/N['V=40?.5)U1



MX3]CFS!T


FYJ3.DY
SJL7I%9V__@)Y/T=/VQ4CY%#V-









#\J0
O.#
J3
M_*`
/3

MD/V1
JJ6_9$R_)?S+-Y)8N
U;.T


S

W9?@]]W.4T1QR


MJ<BI19
MLRM#RJS9E:%GUNS*D#+CDC*DS)I=&7IFS:X,*3,.*D/*K-F5H6?6[,J0,FMV
M94B9-7OU3J%2SZS9E2%EUNS*D#)K=F7HF36[,J3,_*`,S7)6PJ=CR[T:=<^9
MAS+Z6,ZE%&6G.DHPW59L_^L+%FS*Z.(6;
KPW59LRNC#EFS*Z-J6;
KPW4Y


M5:#NV5LH0Y+L+93ANNSCE*%9]FK*D#)[-67X+^/NP
X$J'O&3V74(?.*
LJ2
M^4$9KGN

IHP[9-RJC:MDW*EL^\EL
_&=CW2H

RI
S\
MH`PI
UXK0\^
U\J0
N.U
J3




]NIL$<;%XA&%<R*O`U$X)W*&RSEW



M&OZRUG$8%^M_%)]UB#


0;QW\P[P_X



MQL78:Q@78XLP+L:685R
D17OX'-=R(K[1\[(*OU(]20K[O\YHXGQ#D5G-#'N


M&X5Q
38.XV)L$L;%V#2







MC
AGI/F
(1


MR$3)%#)5
H/


B*?D>8SAHR53`3)5/(5,D,
M,E,RA\R5O$)>E>RISU[K

^E)PAGTK&O)IWXD^X



P@.R5OD#<E

M
H5

R5SR%S).#\#T5]ZS/

D$
E$RA4R5S`S)7/(7,F8
M5[]/GNP-*O.\,%[)K)6LH.\*7F'?@Y0SZ5''B-^D'?HOX.^5!RA!R5G`G


MP.OH#_HV^G?(AY(CY*CD!#DI.4


D4
E4R@\R4
15R0*R4/+!YP8^]!?_1\A1



MRTI?!?$R3B'&6HB72=C$V31LZFP6-G


MFJ;J+36C@0\&&0M^

V8-FOEYEO&M%DC
M?


MTAB?W4HO4


9K:#1#Z`(SO6DG):?XP


MI.0



*.H*.2$^2D


MW[[/




M02N5-;)1J9!*98ML57;(7J5&:I4IXFE)6)[T/;1`
P%VI`MDH5(@2Y42*57N


$Z54ZE8V9';5)



:!02J*W'E`GE=??O_TY[LO=


$%``&``@````A
M`+'-U=












FR*RJ5+KFE]MF6/
MY/)-J=F]*`I_KB%Z3[$SP)8SY@7^?Q\PC[\M0OKP2&`
S8E&\.VQ/=7:VJ

R
MY4MX37\-
Q+R&(=H4K[AS@JN4#QJ6&D2@IJO1!T[GCI6/HZQ)6&C(1%IA:7=


MLCO^'BF]HE`XBI.0O0D#[.?$VZ4,?3Q]R&9LEC1`RUW'Q)SLV2#0MT;UG^C
M8F.P+,5]`!'TJ+`OI5%8:G-^KN]9D*R$0X5I&);
L-&\57
2MQ/W'2F)!KA



(9N(F'


M1MP%DWMS%


.8




M1@``$P``````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M







M!@`(````(0#X1^*V0D``'0U```9`````````````````/8E``!X;]W;W)K










M%``&``@````A`#'1Y^KK#0``1T0``!D`````````````````DHX``'AL+W=O




:P``&0``````````

M````(0#5\#%8R04``)D5```9`````````````````






YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`

M:&5E=#8Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#)3JN1704``!X3```8````````


M`BT`%``&``@````A`+6(_:#R*```U?P``!D`````````````````G?\``'AL


M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`C0*K=\@P``.%#```9````````````````

O







7&.

M````2





RYX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`6E3I=UZ[`0`84P8`%`````````````````4





M%``&``@````A``3LS\0B#P``VEX``!H`````````````````9^P#`'AL+W=O



C!```


3
N





O

#




M%``&``@````A`+






#`N



M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!:BL9:;0
``.L)```9`````````````````*1_




M971S+W-H965T
C

ADB+P``9O```!D`
M````````````````PJ



@B$`

MEE)P!O

``-0)```9````````




M.2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`V1K5*P;``!4?@``&0``````````````


M+W-H965T







M`%






T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0!(B%9!1D8``.5U`0`9`````````````````(.90!X;]W;W)K

S



M2P$+0`4``8`````$`Q1^HWCL,``#,/0``&0````````````````7'`H`

2]Q








M970V-YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`)`:=$'L*``!+
0``&0``````````








M:&5E=#0Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`=2)_/UB@```;)```9````````

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`9`$*1T$3``!I6```

Y+GAM;%!+


M)0``DK4``!D`````````````````S`P


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
M(0`LS7.9HR0``+NS```9`````````````````$!,#`!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S

M````````````&G$





M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/[P%]$[&0``M'@``!D`````````````````AKT


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`+'-U=
T`0``0`(``!$`````````````````_N8-`&1O8U!R;W!S+V-O



`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Litigation Settlement
        
        
        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefits
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Litigation Settlement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
413.3
$ 1
650.0
$ 1
685.9
$ 1
178.3
$ 1
489.7
$ 1
665.4
$ 1
659.7
$ 1
184.8
$ 5
927.5
$ 5
999.6
        
$ 5
615.0
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 pro forma adjustments
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 pro forma adjustments
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 pro forma adjustments
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 pro forma adjustments
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net sales
 pro forma
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
257.0
        
        
        
        
        


Income from continuing operations before income taxes
 pro forma
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income attributable to MCBC
 pro forma
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income per common share attributable to MCBC
 Basic
 pro forma (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income per common share attributable to MCBC
 Diluted
 pro forma (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-lived (Excluding Goodwill)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 2012
 includes actual results of Central Europe for the period from the Acquisition date of June 15



              

 2013
 includes a $150.9 million non-cash impairment charge related to two indefinite-lived brand intangibles in our Europe segment. See Note 12



              









        
          

        
          
            

 Pro Forma Adjustments
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Before Income Tax
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      










 2014

          







        
        
        
        
        


Stock repurchased during period
 shares
7
500
000
        
        
        


Stock repurchased during period
 value
$ 321
100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock repurchase program
 expected term
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 votes per share
        
        
        
        


Exchangeable shares issued
 Class A
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 votes per share
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 conversion ratio
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock repurchase program
 authorized amount
1
200
000
000.0
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock repurchase program
 authorized amount
        
        
        
$ 1
000
000
000




        
          

        
          
            

 Conversion Ratio
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 3
596.2
$ 3
353.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
667.6
3
596.2


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Purchases
 issuances
 settlements
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included in AOCI.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales and settlement of plan obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013


        
December&#160;31
December 31
December&#160;31
December 31
 2013


        
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
 net


        
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Interest expense
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following tables represent consolidated net sales
 consolidated interest expense
 consolidated interest income
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
December&#160;31
 2014
 within special items
Note 5
December&#160;31
 2014
Note 12
Year ended December 31
1
2
4
Income from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2013
Note 12
Year ended December 29
2
1
3
Includes results from our Central Europe operations from the Acquisition date of June 15
 2012.


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
5
6
2
2
5
6
13
15
580.1


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Depreciation and amortization amounts do not reflect amortization of bond discounts
 fees
 or other debt-related items.


        
The following table presents net sales by geography
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
4
4
3
Reflects net sales from the individual countries within our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
 for which no individual country has total net sales exceeding 


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Reflects net properties within the individual countries included in our Central European operations (included in our Europe segment)
 as well as our MCI segment
 for which no individual country has total net properties exceeding 




        
          

        
          
            

 Cash Flow [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets are located
 and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#x2019;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#xA0;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#x2019;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#xA0;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



 2012



          



 2010



          



 2014

          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2012





          



 2014



          



 2012





          



 2014



          



 2012





          



 2005





          



 2005





          



 2005





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
$ 1
900
000
000
$ 500
000
000
        
$ 575
000
000.0
        
$ 1
100
000
000
        
$ 500
000
000
        
$ 300
000
000
$ 300
000
000
 900
000
000.0
$ 1
100
000
000.0


Note
 stated interest rate
 percentage (as a percent)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Current deferred tax asset
 unrealized foreign exchange losses
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Statutes of limitations
 term
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Statutes of limitations
 term
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Capital Loss Carryforwards
 tax effect
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Capital Loss Carryforwards
 tax effect
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Capital Loss Carryforwards
 tax effect
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Statutes of Limitations
 Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 upon which no federal or state taxes have been provided
 that are considered to be permanently reinvested abroad
 as of the balance sheet date. The Company provides its intention whether to reinvest the earnings permanently
 or to repatriate the earnings when it is tax effective to do so.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 respectively
 related to the &#x20AC;500 million convertible note and the $575 million convertible note. Interest incurred also includes the change in fair value of the embedded conversion feature related to &#x20AC;500 million convertible note of $5.4 million expense and $8.0 million income for 2013 and 2012
 respectively








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
191.6
2
418.7
2
453.1
        
2
418.7
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other intangibles
 net
        
        
        
        
        
2
481.0
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
496.5
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
305.1
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
2
191.4
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
046.9
        


Business acquisition
 assets assumed
 net receivables
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 assets assumed
 inventory
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Molson Coors Central Europe (MCCE) | Subordinated Deferred Payment Obligation
 Including Interest and Other Costs [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Impairment of Intangible Assets
 Indefinite-lived (Excluding Goodwill)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              


              

 $2
323.4 million for brand intangibles with an indefinite-life and a fair value of a favorable supply contract and other intangibles of $12.0 million with a 1.5 year useful life. See Note 12



              

 which was subsequently repaid for $425.7 million on June 29



              
              


              

 distribution and import business
 anticipated synergies and the assembled workforce. We assigned the majority of the goodwill to our Europe reporting unit with a portion allocated to the Canada reporting unit resulting from synergies. The goodwill is not deductible for local tax purposes. See Note 12








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Recognized Identifiable Liabilities Assumed
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014





          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2014







          



 2013





          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2013





          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2013







          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014







          



 2013







          



 2014





          



 2007





          



 2007





          



 2007





          



 2014







          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative asset
 fair value
 designated as hedging instrument
        
$ 42
400
000
$ 20
000
000
        
        
        
        
$ 10
800
000
        
        
        
        
$ 19
500
000
$ 11
500
000
        
        
        
        
$ 12
100
000
$ 8
200
000
        
$ 200
000
        
        
$ 100
000
        
        
        
        
$ 200
000
        
        
        
        
        
$ 400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
 designated as hedging instrument
        
(13
000
000)
(72
200
000)
        
        
(13
000
000)
        
        
        
        
(71
700
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(200
000)
(300
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notional amount of derivative
 not designated as hedging instrument
500
000
000
        
        
844
200
000
        
        
        
        
226
600
000
        
        
476
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
17
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
111
100
000
67
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
241
000
000
774
000
000
1
200
000
000
530
000
000
343
400
000


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(600
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ (9
500
000)
$ (4
700
000)
        
        
        
        
$ (4
900
000)
$ (2
000
000)
$ (4
600
000)
$ (2
700
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
1
070


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 ending balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 ending balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 ending balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 ending balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 beginning balance
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring Reserve
 Accrual Adjustment
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring accruals
 ending balance
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding adjustments for costs incurred during the period
 costs settled during the period
 and foreign currency translation adjustments.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2012



          



 2010



          



 2007





          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2012



          



 2014


 Yen



          



 2013


 Yen



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
900
000
000
$ 500
000
000
$ 575
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Commercial Paper Outstanding
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
379
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity
        
750
000
000
        
        
        
30
000
000.0
        
20
000
000
        
1
500
000
000.0
500
000
000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
750
000
000
950
000
000
        
        
100
000
000
150
000
000
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Fair Value of Amount Outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
137
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
800
000
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Letters of Credit Outstanding
 Amount
58
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
575
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
5
600
000
4
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
900
000
3
100
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 remaining term to maturity (tenor)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
64
600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
64
600
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
80
000
000
        
        
        
        


Cash Held in Bank
 Net of Bank Overdrafts
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 15
400
000
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Bank Overdrafts
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Remaining Maturity
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 3
141.2
$ 3
428.8
        


        
(1
343.2)
(1
458.7)
        


        
1
798.0
1
970.1
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
1
756.8
1
802.7
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012





          



 2012





          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity
        
$ 750
000
000
        
        
        
$ 100
000
000


Long-term debt
 fair value
3
240
600
000
        
3
359
100
000
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 face amount
        
        
        
$ 150
000
000
&#x20AC; 120
000
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














Common stock issued
 Class A
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 beginning balance (in shares)
2
600
000
        
2
600
000
        
2
600
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 ending balance (in shares)
2
600
000
        
2
600
000
        
2
600
000
        


Common stock issued
 Class B
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 beginning balance (in shares)
167
200
000
        
164
200
000
        
162
700
000
        


        
1
300
000
        
2
700
000
        
1
500
000
        


        
1
400
000
        
300
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued
 ending balance (in shares)
169
900
000
        
167
200
000
        
164
200
000
        


Exchangeable shares issued
 Class A
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exchangeable stock issued
 beginning balance (in shares)
2
900
000
        
2
900
000
        
2
900
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exchangeable stock issued
 ending balance (in shares)
2
900
000
        
2
900
000
        
2
900
000
        


Exchangeable shares issued
 Class B
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Exchangeable stock issued
 beginning balance (in shares)
19
000
000
        
19
300
000
        
19
300
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(1
400
000)
        
(300
000)
        
        
        


Exchangeable stock issued
 ending balance (in shares)
17
600
000
        
19
000
000
        
19
300
000
        

      
        

      



              

 we repurchased Class B common shares which results in a lower number of outstanding shares compared to issued shares. See Share Repurchase Program below for further discussion. For all other classes








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
095.4


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net [by Jurisdiction]
 Noncurrent
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Valuation Allowance
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net
 domestic.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Other
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when such items are actually incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 gross before valuation allowances
 as of the balance sheet date of the amount of future tax deductions arising from tax losses such net operating losses
 tax credit carryforwards and capital loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net by Jurisdiction
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net [by Jurisdiction]
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net
 domestic.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net
 Current
 Foreign
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net
 foreign.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net
 Noncurrent Foreign &amp; Domestic
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Other
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Includes current liabilities related to derivatives
 income taxes
 pensions and other postretirement benefits and other accrued expenses. Other current liabilities as of December 31
 2013
Note 7
 Income Tax




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
In previous years
 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#8217;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#160;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#8217;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#160;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods
 and advertising expense for such interim periods have been recast beginning with our first quarter 2014 interim reporting period.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
 2014
 there were no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program
December&#160;31
 2013
 days
December&#160;31
 2014
 in bank cash related to our European notional cross-border
December&#160;31
 2013
In the third quarter of 2013
 on an uncommitted basis through September 2014. During the third quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
In addition to our EUR revolving credit facility and JPY line of credit
 committed under outstanding letters of credit
 line of credit with no outstanding borrowings as of December 31
 line of credit
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively
Note 19
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively.


        
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
3
3
2
3
On June 15
 2012
 convertible note due December&#160;31
 2013
 which included a put conversion feature to the Seller. On August 13
 2013
 the conversion feature was exercised for an agreed value upon exercise of 
On September 3
 2013
) for the conversion feature. Separate from the Seller's notice to put
 we made claims with regard to the representations and warranties provided to us upon close of the Acquisition related to local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods. As of December 31
 2013
 in principal related to these outstanding claims. During the first half of 2014
 convertible note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. During 2013 and 2012
 we recognized a net loss of 
 respectively
 on the conversion feature related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. The cash and non-cash interest
 excluding the change in fair value of the convertible feature
Note 17
During the third quarter of 2005
 private placement in Canada due September 22
 2015. Additionally
 during the fourth quarter 2010
 private placement in Canada due October 6
 2017. Prior to issuing the bonds
 we entered into forward starting interest rate transactions for a portion of each Canadian offering. The bond forward transactions effectively established
 in advance
 the yield of the government of Canada bond rate over which the Company's private placement was priced. At the time of the private placement offerings and pricings
 bonds
 bonds. Per authoritative accounting guidance pertaining to derivatives and hedging
 bonds
On May 3
 2012
 we issued 
 interest and will mature on May 1
 notes) interest and will mature on May 1
 interest and will mature on May 1
 2042. The issuance resulted in total proceeds to us
 before expenses
$1
880.7 million
 net of underwriting fees and discounts of 
 respectively. Total debt issuance costs capitalized in connection with these senior notes
 including the underwriting fees and discounts
Concurrent with the announcement of the Acquisition
 we entered into a bridge loan agreement
 senior notes. In connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan
Note 6
 senior notes
 we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk by entering into Treasury Locks.&#160;This resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes.&#160;In the second quarter of 2012
Note 17
During 2014
 we entered into interest rate swaps to economically convert our fixed rate 
. As a result of this hedge program
December&#160;31
 2014
 recorded in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations. Accordingly
 adjustment for fair value movements attributable to the benchmark interest rate
 recorded as an unrealized loss in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations
Note 17
During the second quarter of 2014
-year
 revolving multi-currency credit facility
 revolving credit facilities
 which had maturities in the second quarters of 2015 and 2016
 respectively. As a result
. Concurrent with the transaction
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 revolving credit facility contains customary events of default and specified representations and warranties and covenants
 including
 among other things
 covenants that limit our subsidiaries' ability to incur certain additional priority indebtedness
 create or permit liens on assets
 or engage in mergers or consolidations.  


        
December&#160;31
 2014
 the aggregate principal debt maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings
December&#160;31
 2014
1
3
179.9


        
Interest incurred
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
 and 2012
 respectively
 as well as amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs.




        
          

        
          
            

 capitalized and expensed during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2009





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013



          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unusual or Infrequent Item
 Insurance Proceeds
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unusual or Infrequent Item
 Gain
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unusual or Infrequent Item
 Net of Insurance Proceeds
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Proceeds from divestiture of joint venture interest
 termination fee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unusual or Infrequent Item
 Loss
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 Settlement and Impairment Provisions - Gain
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Joint venture
 ownership percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 we recognized termination fee income and charges associated with the write-off of the definite-lived intangible asset associated with the joint venture. See Note 5
 Investments for further discussion.Additionally
 in the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
 we recognized impairment charges related to our definite-lived intangible asset associated with our license agreement with Miller in Canada. See Note 12
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets and Note 19



              

 we recognized impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets in Europe. See Note 12



              

 we entered into an agreement with Heineken to early terminate our contract brewing and kegging agreement with Heineken under which we produced and packaged the Foster's and Kronenbourg brands in the U.K. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 13.0 million
 of which we received $8.5 million (GBP 5.0 million) in 2014 and will receive the remainder at the end of the transition period
 concluding on April 30
 2015. The full amount of the termination payment will be recognized as income within special items at the end of the transition period. Additionally
 the termination of this distribution agreement led to a strategic review of our European supply chain network. As part of this analysis
 we entered into a consultation process during the fourth quarter of 2014 following a proposal by management to close one of our U.K. brewing facilities in 2015. As a result of management's proposal
 we incurred accelerated depreciation expense in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery. We may incur additional charges associated with the proposed closing of this brewery in 2015
 which we anticipate will also be recorded within special items.During the second quarter of 2012
 we recognized an asset abandonment charge related to the discontinuation of primary packaging in the U.K. We determined that our Home Draft package was not meeting expectations driven by a lack of demand in the U.K. market
 and as a result
 we recognized a loss related to the write-off of the Home Draft packaging line



              

 we recognized a loss of $13.2 million in December 2013. See Note 5



              

 we sold our interest in the MC Si'hai joint venture in China and recognized a gain of $6.0 million. The gain consists of the non-cash release of the $5.4 million liability representing the fair value of our remaining investment upon deconsolidation of the joint venture in 2012
 as well as $0.6 million of proceeds received for our interest in the joint venture. We also recognized legal and related fees in relation to the sale of $1.2 million during 2013. In the second quarter of 2012
 we recognized impairment charges of $10.4 million related to goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets in our MC Si'hai joint venture in China
 and in the third quarter of 2012
 we deconsolidated the joint venture and recognized an impairment loss of $27.6 million upon deconsolidation. See Note 5



              




              

 we established a non-income-related tax reserve of $10.4 million that was recorded as a special item. The amounts recorded in 2013 and 2012 represent the release of this reserve as a result of a change in estimate. As a result



              

 we recorded losses and related costs of $2.1 million in our Europe business associated with significant flooding in Serbia
 Bosnia and Croatia that occurred in the second quarter of 2014. These losses were offset by insurance proceeds of $3.9 million received related to the flooding that occurred in the second quarter of 2014. During 2013








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Settlement and Impairment Provisions - Gain
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is unusual in nature or occurs infrequently
 but not both.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is unusual in nature or occurs infrequently
 but not both.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Europe - Flood loss (insurance reimbursement)
Total Special items
Upon termination of our MMI operations in 2014
Note 5
Additionally
 in the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
Note 12
Note 19
During the third quarters of 2014 and 2013
Note 12
In December 2013
 brands in the U.K. As a result of the termination
 Heineken agreed to pay us an aggregate early termination payment of GBP 
) in 2014 and will receive the remainder at the end of the transition period
 concluding on April 30
 2015. The full amount of the termination payment will be recognized as income within special items at the end of the transition period. Additionally
 the termination of this distribution agreement led to a strategic review of our European supply chain network. As part of this analysis
 we entered into a consultation process during the fourth quarter of 2014 following a proposal by management to close one of our U.K. brewing facilities in 2015. As a result of management's proposal
 we incurred accelerated depreciation expense in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery. We may incur additional charges associated with the proposed closing of this brewery in 2015
During the second quarter of 2012
 we recognized an asset abandonment charge related to the discontinuation of primary packaging in the U.K. We determined that our Home Draft package was not meeting expectations driven by a lack of demand in the U.K. market
 and as a result
 we recognized a loss related to the write-off of the Home Draft packaging line
In December of 2013
 liability representing the fair value of our remaining investment upon deconsolidation of the joint venture in 2012
In the second quarter of 2012
 related to goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets in our MC Si'hai joint venture in China
 and in the third quarter of 2012
Note 5
During 2012
During 2009
 that was recorded as a special item. The amounts recorded in 2013 and 2012 represent the release of this reserve as a result of a change in estimate. As a result
 the remaining amount of this non-income-related tax reserve was fully released in 2013.
 in our Europe business associated with significant flooding in Serbia
During 2013
 interest in Tradeteam to DHL
Note 5
 Investments


        
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 29
Balance at December 31
Balance at December 31
 2014




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      






















Increase (decrease) in unrecognized tax benefits
 current
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Loans receivable
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Uncertain tax positions | Unrecognized tax benefits
 noncurrent
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Increase (decrease) in unrecognized tax benefits
 current
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Useful economic lives
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Finished Goods
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 unamortized costs and premiums and discounts from face amounts
 of loans and leases held in portfolio
 including but not limited to
 commercial and consumer loans. Includes loans held for sale. Excludes loans and leases covered under loss sharing agreements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013





          



 2014

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2014





          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 40
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
388
600
000
2
506
500
000
        
        
        
        
21
200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
21
700
000
(13
600
000)
        
13
700
000
15
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
8
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
103
400
000
118
100
000
124
300
000
50
800
000
59
600
000
61
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
27
600
000
29
100
000
        
(2
200
000)
(3
500
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Joint venture agreement
 term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
63
200
000
        
        
        
        
29
500
000
        
        
        
19
800
000
9
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
000
000
        
        
5
400
000
5
400
000
600
000
        
        


        
324
400
000
200
000
000
81
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
200
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
800
000
        
        
        
18
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(1
700
000)
19
100
000
15
700
000
        
        
700
000
11
700
000
12
000
000
        
        
        
        
4
600
000
6
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
100
000
11
300
000
12
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Joint venture
 ownership percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
126
900
000
128
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
500
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
900
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
27
600
000
10
400
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
70
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 4
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 we recognized a loss of $13.2 million in December 2013. See Note 5








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Maturity Term
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a breach of contract by one party
 or a failure to perform.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Equity conversion feature of debt | Interest expense
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Equity conversion feature of debt | Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Foreign currency forwards | Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Treasury locks | Interest expense
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
1
168.0
1
188.5
        
1
028.4
1
171.2
1
178.0
        
4
146.3
        
4
206.1
        
3
916.5
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investment Income
 Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
146.3
        
4
206.1
        
3
916.5
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
200.3
        
2
128.3
        
1
747.5
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investment Income
 Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
793.9
        
1
943.8
        
2
036.8
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investment Income
 Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
699.9
        
1
839.8
        
1
930.7
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
391.5
        
1
261.6
        
1
218.4
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              




              

 2013
 includes a $150.9 million non-cash impairment charge related to two indefinite-lived brand intangibles in our Europe segment. See Note 12



              

 as well as our MCI segment








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts. Excludes excise and sales taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
Includes current liabilities related to derivatives
 income taxes
 pensions and other postretirement benefits and other accrued expenses. Other current liabilities as of December 31
 2013
Note 7
 Income Tax




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In February 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance for the recognition
 measurement and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In March 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance on a parent's accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of certain subsidiaries or groups of assets within a foreign entity or of an investment in a foreign entity. This update also resolves the diversity in practice for the treatment of business combinations achieved in stages (sometimes also referred to as step acquisitions) involving a foreign entity. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In April 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance to clarify when it is appropriate to apply the liquidation basis of accounting. Additionally
 the update provides guidance for recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities and requirements for financial statements prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting. Under the amendment
 entities are required to prepare their financial statements under the liquidation basis of accounting when a liquidation becomes imminent. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
In July 2013
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits. The update requires that the entity present an unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or a tax credit carryforward in the statement of financial position. The guidance does not apply to the extent that a net operating loss carryforward or tax credit carryforward at the reporting date is not available under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position. The guidance was effective for our quarter ended March 31
 2014. As a result of adopting this guidance
 we have presented deferred tax assets net of unrecognized tax benefits
 as appropriate
In April 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity. The update limits discontinued operations reporting to disposals of components of an entity that represent strategic shifts that have (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. This update requires expanded disclosures related to assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses of discontinued operations. This update also requires the disclosure of pretax profit or loss and the financial effects of significant disposals that do not qualify for discontinued operations reporting. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
In May 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. The requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
In June 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance related to share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. The requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We do not anticipate that this guidance will have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss related to adjustment in legal reserves for distribution litigation due to changes in estimates
 fees and foreign exchange gains and losses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#x2019;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#xA0;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#x2019;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#xA0;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods








        
          

        
          
            

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Income (Loss) Related to Adjustment in Legal Reserves
 Fees and Foreign Exchange
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Adjustment
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        
        
        


Properties
 net
$ 1
798.0
        
$ 1
970.1
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Properties
 net
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Properties
 net
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Properties
 net
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Properties
 net
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 as well as our MCI segment








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W
M.60R9&4T



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,V$Y,C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D
M8C0W.60R9&4T,C$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93-A

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!!/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0F%S:7-?











O4VAE970Q






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


O4VAE970Q






3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

O
M4VAE970R



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970R
#I.86UE/D1E<FEV871I=F5?

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




T0B5V]R






M($A2968]


T0B5V]R:W-H








M1V]O9'=I;&Q?86YD7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5?07-S971S
#I.86UE/D1E8G1?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R


O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS





#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970U




O4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.




M:&5E='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(






#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-S`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M-S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC









O4VAE970W-BYH





O4VAE970W



O4VAE
M970X


O4VAE970X





M


O4VAE970X
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(



O4VAE




M=&%I;'

















M='





T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS






M($A2968]

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
M(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^16UP;&]Y965?4F5T


M




M86YS7V%N9%\Q







M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q



O4VAE970Q
M
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
M(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?
M86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?



T0B5V]R








M=#$R


M='
O4VAE970Q

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@(#QX.E-T








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O




]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-3TQ33TX@0T]/4E


]


]

]
T1T97AT/G1A

]
T1T97AT

]












]

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/C(P






]
T1T




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XM+3$R+3



]
T1R






M9R!3=&%T=7

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

2PQ
3DL








]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]



T1T;W`^16YT






]


]










M(&5X8VAA;F=E86)L92!S:&%R97

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]





5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@




]
T1T:#Y$96




]


]

2PV.3@N-2D\



RPY


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=!O9B!G

M

]
T1N=6T^*#(L-30U+C8I/'-P


]
T1R974^

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C4S/'-P


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]


M
2PQ
C8N


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-P96-I86P@:71E;7
L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1&YU;3XH

]
T1N=6T^*#@Q+C0I



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q


]
M






3@S+C@I






3$N


]

M*2P@;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+C4I/'-P


]



]
T1R974^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C4X-BXS/'-P







M;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G






]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C4W



]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



T1T;W`^3F5T

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1N=6UP/C4V-RXS/'-P86X^


]
M






]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]






]




]
M


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@






@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/C$X

]
T1N=6UP/C$X
M


]









]



3



]









]
T1N=6UP/C0T


]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]
M

T1T;W`^



@
M=VET:&EN(#(P
3

@

@=VET:&EN(&$@

M;&5S('9O;'5M97




@=&AE(&%L;&]C871I;VX@
M;V8@8V]S='











@




@87
@:6YC=7)R960@861D:71I;VYA;&QY
M(&5L:6UI;F%T97



M97AP96YS97
L(&%N9!T:&4@8F5N969I=!P97)I;V0@;V8@=&AE(&%D=F5R
M=&ES:6YG(&]N(&%N(&EN=&5R:6T@8F%S:7
2!W:71H('1H
M870@=7-E9!T;R!P<F5P87)E('1H92!A;FYU86P@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='





M
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M141



SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO

]



\+W1D

M
SDN

]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@T.2XX

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N





]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C



G(&]T:&5R(&-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#4S+C





M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]

]
T1N=6T^*#


M9VX]

I(&%T=')I8G5T

@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY/]T9#X-B`@




V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$($)!3$%.
M0T4@4TA%1513(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#










]




M
T1T;W`^069F:6QI871E(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




L(&QE




]





S4N




C
N
M

]

M;7`^


]

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
BXR/'-P86X^

C`U+C
\



]
T1N=6UP

M;7`^

]










M871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@;V8@)#$L,S0S+C(@86YD(0Q+#0U.XW+!R

M86QI9VX]






]


\




T1T;W`^3F]T97

M=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F(0Q+C8@86YD(0R+C@L

]
T1N




3
L.3DV+C



]


M86)L92!A;6]U;G1S(&]F(0R,2XT(&%N9`D

2PS





]


]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L



S

M;7`^
RPR
3








]



3QS

]

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C$W+C


3`N
M




]





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W







]
T1N=6T^*#
R






]




]


]




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97









2!P87(@=F%L=64@*&%U=&AO


M

]


]




@


]

]
T1P



M

BXV('-H87)E


@0BP@)#`N
M







]








]

M86QI9VX]



3DN

]



]










M92!S:&%R97


@86YD(#(N.2!S:&%R97




]


30N


'0O:'1M;#L@


]


2P@
C`Q

M
CY$96
N(#













M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
U.2XV/'-P86X^


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(N.#QS


T1T;W`^1'5E('1O($%F9FEL:6%T

M


BXX/'-P86X^








]

M=&EN9RP@875T:&]R:7IE9!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
M


]
T1N=6UP



T1T;W`^0VQA











M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1N=6UP/C4P



]

BPV
M
#`L





M
BPV
#`L









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@








]
T1N=6UP/C4P



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M
38Y+#DP


]
T1N=6UP/C$V-RPR
#`L



]





]






M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

BPY
#`L
#`P/'-P





]



]


M9VX]






]


]

]





]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`P

]


M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`P


M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S%=/]T

N(%-E92`B4VAA

M=7-S:6]N+B!&;W(@86QL(&]T:&5R(&-L87-S97

M97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$-






]

M








]

I(&EN8VQU




]
M

]

]


]


]
T1T




]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Q









]







]



M


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4V

]
M

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
3`N



M;G


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(&EN(&YE=`H:6YC;VUE*2!L

\+W1D/@T*

]


M;3XH


M:6)U=&EO;G



3

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]



@;VX@9F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC


L(&YE

]

]


M97


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



BXS/'-P


]




]
T1F



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

]
T1N=6T^*#0S+C4I/'-P



C

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/BA'86EN*2!L;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M9VX]

M=&EV:71I97


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]
T1N=6T^*#(Y


C(R+C

]




M;7`^


T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES




M
BPR-3@N


M;G0@;VX@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




2PS.#@N
2D\



]
T1N=6T^*#$L



X
BXU



]


]



M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6UP


BXY/'-P86X^






]
T1N
M=6T^*#DN




]

]
T1R




M
BPV
S4N






]



S0N



M






C
R+C(I/'-P








]




]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6T^*#$N


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L




]

]
T1F


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]


]

]
T1F

]

]


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]




]

]

]
T1N=6T^*#4Q



]




]
T1N

]



]
T1N=6T^*#@P



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L




]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C(S


]





]

C4N












]




L
M(&9E97




38W







]

T1)1#!%


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

]
M




]

]
T1T:#Y086ED



2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^



]
T1N


]
T1N=6T^)`H,S(Q+C$I/'-P86X^/]S

BXQ





]


]


]


]


]






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C


]

















T1T;W`^06UO







]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT










T1T
M;W`^1&5C;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N(&]F($U#(%-I)VAA:3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@









SDN


]


]








T1T;W`^3W1H97(@

I+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]T9#X-

]


]


]

34U+C







]


]


]



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1N




RPV
C


]



]
M

]
M

]



]


]
M


]


]








]


]

]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')E;6EU;2!P87EM96YT(&]N('-E='1L
M96UE;G0@;V8@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]


]




]


]


]
T1R;SX-







]




S0N


]





S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C@L-C
P




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
C$N




]














]



]


]




M97%U:71Y(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!P;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T



]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N


]





]


]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N
M=6T^*#(W


]


]
T1N=6T^*#0N


2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^




]

]

C$N
M






M930R



]
T1R






]






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SX@0F%S:7

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






38P
M.TQ

N('-E9VUE;G0I+!W:&EC:!I








M;R!T:&4@
C`P-2!M97)G97(@=VET:!-;VQS;VXF(S$V,#M);F,N(AT:&4@

38P.TEN8RX@


M9VAT.C$R


M*'1H92`B4V5L;&5R(BD@;VX@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`Q
BP@86YD('1H92!R97-U
M;'1S(&]F('1H97-E(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D('=I=&AI;B!O



M.C$R
4[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXU

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M('=E96L@9FES8V%L('EE87(@=&\@82!C86QE;F1A<B!Y96%R+B!!<R!S=6-H
M+!O=7(@
C`Q

M1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
3
L('1O($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!W:71H


2!O9B!E86-H('EE87(N($)E
M9VEN;FEN9R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P



Q
M+!*=6YE(#,P+!397!T96UB97(@







@;W1H97)W:7-E(&EN9&EC871E9P@9FES8V%L('EE87(@/]F;VYT

F4Z,3!P=#L^(')E9F5R<R!T;R!T:&4@<&5R:6]D(&9R
M;VT@1&5C96UB97(@,S`L(#(P,3(L('1H<F]U9V@@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



3!P=#L^+!A;F0@9FES8V%L('EE87(@/]F;VYT




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




F4Z,3!P=#L^3W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F



M;GD@86-C;W5N='

M871E9!I;B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N+B!792!D96-O;G-O;&ED871E9!O=7(@




3!P=#L^3F]T92`U+`B26YV97-T;65N=',B/]F;VYT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M93HQ

M;65N='

N)B



M9&EF9F5R96YC97

@86YD(&%C='5A



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M




M=&%X97

@


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M





@86YD(&%R92!A;'-O('1R96%T960@87
@82!R

N(%-A;&5S(&]F('!R;V1U8W1S(&%R92!F;W(@

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P






M;G




M=&AE;2!I;B!C;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0@87


3(P)3MP861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3HQ


M86YI97







@87
@

@=6YD



M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M8V]M;6ET;65N='
L(&]R(&)O=&@N($EF('!A:60@:6X@861V86YC92P@=V4@

@87

@86YD(&%M;W)T




@87

@


@:6YC;'5D960@87
@;6%R

M5&AE(&%M;W5N='





3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ







M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F;VYT






T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ




@;VX@8F5E





@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!L:6%B:6QI='DL('=I

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



@9W)A:6YS+B!086-K






M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ









'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ







L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@8V5R=&%I;B!D97!R96-I871I;VX@8V]S
M='

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M:6]D(&]F('1H92!A=V%R9'


M=&4@=F5S=&EN9R!O9B!A=V%R9'


M(&]N('!R;W9I9&EN9R!S97)V:6-E+!W:&EC:!F;W(@8V5R=&%I;B!A=V%R
M9'




@86YD(&EN8W)E

M






'!X.W1E


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P=#L^:6YF





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;VUP86YY(&=A:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97,L(&%N9!T;R!A;6]R=&EZ92P@:68@

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A

N($EN(&%D





M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/=&AE




M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

G!X.V9O;G0M



@8F5T=V5E;B!T







F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



@


@:6X@




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


S)P










@86-C;W)D:6YG;'DN






@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#(Y+`R,#$R+!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$N(%1H:7




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD
S


3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!A;F0@1&5C96UB
M97(@
CDL(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A




M9VAT.C$R







M=70@;V8@04]#22!I;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E+!A=!W:&EC:!P;VEN=!T:&5Y



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]F(&]U











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3!P


M93HQ

M;&5N='



M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z







T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M


T0Q
M
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

38P




P
#`P






#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

38P



3X\9&EV







M






T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M





M;W(@=&%X97
L(&YE=!O9B!R969U;F1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A








2!C






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9VAT.C$R


M9'








@86YD(&YO=&5S(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&4@8F%L86YC97
N(%=E(&-A;&-U;&%T92!T:&ES(&%L;&]W86YC92!B87-E


M96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S('=I=&@@86YD('1H92!E8V]N;VUI8R!S=&%T=7
@;V8@








#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF



M960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
N($%N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@8W)E9&ET(&QO










#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






3!P=#L^(&%T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!X.V9O



F4Z
3!P




M(&UA:6YT86EN(&$@;F]R;6%L(&QE=F5L(&]F('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@:6X@=&AE







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M(&AA=F4@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!R86YG97




'!T.SXR



M
'!T.SXT
















;VYG


@:6YD

M




3!P=#L^4F5T=7)N86)L92!C;VYT86EN97)S(&%R92!R96-O











T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V




38P.WEE


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B8C





M:7

T1F


3!P

T1F




@9F]R(&EN=&5R;F%L(')E



F4Z
3!P













@86YD('1H97)E






M=F5N='






30L('=E(&-H86YG960@=&AE









@

@
M96-O;F]M:6
@8F5N969I='
@87)E(&-O;G-U;65D+B!792!C;VYT:6YU;W5S




M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ









#`P
M



Q-C`[

38P.TQT


+E`N



M93HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M


M

'!T.SYN;SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^


M

\

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M.C









F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$97)I=F%T:79E($AE9&=I;F<@
M26YS=')U;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R



T1F


M:79A=&EV97
@87


N(%=E(&5N=&5R(&EN=&\@9&5R:79A=&EV97
@

M9&5R:79A=&EV97




M;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87
@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET






M:&5E='

M96YT.C






@








M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P=#L^


M



@:6X@=&AE('-A;64@9FEN86YC:6%L

M87-T960@=')A;G-A8W1I;VXN($-H86YG97








M9B!C87-H(&9L;W=S(&EN('1H92!S86UE(&-A=&5G;W)I97
@87
@=&AE(&-A







@87



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M93HQ

@9F]R






L($)2
M22!A;F0@0D1

S)P











M;&EG871I;VX@:7


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


L('=H




M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3`E







M9'


N($%S



3!P



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@;V8@;W5R('1R









@9F]R('-I;6EL
M87(@:6YS=')U;65N='




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY5
M+E
N($=!05`@9W5I9&%N8V4@9F]R(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6YC;'5D97
@82!H

@;V8@:6YP=71S('5S960@9F]R('1H


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/E1H92!T:')E92!L979E;'

@9F]L



M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V
#LQ
M)B
X

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

Q-C`[
B8C.#(Q
CM);G!U='
@:6YC;'5D92!Q=6]T960@

@:6X@





M:6%B:6QI='D@*&DN92XL)B

L('EI96QD(&-U


@*&UA

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O




M(&-O;7!O;F5N=!O9B!/0TDN($=A:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97
@9G)O;2!F;W)E

M;FEN9W





5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y
38W7V1B






^+RH@1&\@


$5-


]



M





M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


M









M:6YG(&1A=&4N(%1H92!G=6ED86YC92!W87


2P@


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M





M




3!P=#L^26X@07!R:6P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D



M97
@9W5I9&%N8V4@9F]R(')E8V]G;FET:6]N(&%N9!M96%S=7)E;65N=!O






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M







!B96YE9FET+!O<B!A('!O<G1I;VX@;V8@


















M97(@;V8@

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE=R!!


S)P







M97

@;V8@86X@96YT:71Y+B!4


@;V8@86X@96YT:71Y

@=&AA=!H879E(AO

M97)A=&EO;G



M;'





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)
M;B!-87D@

@
M9F]R('1H92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!R979E;G5E(&9R;VT@8V]N=')A8W1S



M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M









3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X


@82!P
M97)F;W)M86YC92!C;VYD:71I;VXN(%1H92!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@;V8@=&AE



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?
M-#(V.5\Y


3`N:'1M












]



M


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M9#L^1V5N97)A;`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R

2!T;R!I;F-R96%S92!O=7(@<&]R
M=&9O;&EO(&]F('!R96UI=6T@8G)A;F1S(&%N9!D965P96X@;W5R(')E86-H


34L(#(P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P










3!P=#L^3F]T92`T+`B4V5G;65N=!297!O



F4Z,3!P=#L^)#$P+C<@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
'!E;G-E<RX@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M;&4]

'!T.SY#96YT


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M
38P.S

2P@
C`Q





M=&5D('1O(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@87-S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M=&EO;B!D871E(&]F($IU;F4@
34L(#(P

M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q







@969F96-T:79E($IU;'D@
2P@
C`Q
BX@5&AE(&9O;&QO

@;W5R


#$R('EE87(N(%1H97-E
M(&%M;W5N='


@=&\@52Y3



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
Q+C0@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M92!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S.B!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4W+CD@;6EL


M

#`P

SDN
M




M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0Q

T1F




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/DYO=&4@

M($%C=&EV:71I97



T1F;VYT+69A


N(%1H









T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0W


2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





T0S('-T


#`P

M


#`P






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


C4W+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YC;VUE

M97


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A



G!X



3X\



M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^






4[9F]N=US

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH




M;B!D871E(&]F($IU;F4@
34L(#(P
3(N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(%!U



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M;SMW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO




M/3-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#@Q-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




'!T.SX\

M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV-#4N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXU.#4N




#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


L
#0V+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




M

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH





M



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M9RUT;W`Z






T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXT
C
N



T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P







M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]






M96)T(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\



M.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]N<VES=',@;V8@/]F;VYT





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#0R

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@4T103R!P87EA8FQE('1O




@86YD(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXQ



'!T.SXN(%1H92!S971T;&5M96YT(&]F('1H


M97(@
CDL(#(P
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN





M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(L

T1V97)T:6-A



3(P)3MF


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M+#8X










T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXV-#4N


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M



#`P





#`P


M




3X\+W1D




M

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^26YC;'5D97
@



#`P

M.SXD
2PX
38N











M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH





3!P=#L^(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H92!F:6YA
M;&EZ960@86QL;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@=&]T86P@8V]N<VED97)A=&EO;B!T
M;R!T:&4@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&YE=!A<W-E='
L(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@


3
@







M;&4]

'!T.SX@9F]R



M=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P
3








3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P

G!X

M86X]




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
F4Z

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C8S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU-S$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
BPT
M.#$N





M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT





M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ






M

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M93HQ




M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


S`U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
BPQ.3$N-#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3F]N8V]N=')O;&QI





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M













M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P



3!P=#L^

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C;VQS








3X\




M:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N


3!P=#L^26YC;'5D
M97



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]








M

M
3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^('EE87(@=7-E9G5L(&QI9F4N(%-E92`\



'!T.SY.;W1E(#$R+`B1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@
M07-S971S(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL





T1F

'!T.SXH
RD\+V9O;G0^



M
C


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0R-2XW(&UI;&QI;VX\



'!T.SX@;VX@2G5N92`R.2P@
C`Q
BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$









'!T.SX@;V8@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


M


M




M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R










3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q


V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q
M7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M


2!R;W=S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]









F4Z
M




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3!P


M93HQ

@;V8@;W5R('!R






3!P=#L^(&%N9!T:&4@/]F;VYT



[/BP\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.SX@87

\+V9O;G0^


M

@:6X@







M97
N($U-22!W87

M=&AO9X@26X@3F]V96UB97(@,C`Q,RP@06YH975S97(M0G5S8V@@26Y978@


M92!-34D@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R92P@969F96-T:79E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
30N





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M93HQ

M96XF(S$V




M9B`R


M+!E9F9E8W1I=F4@36%R8V@@,C`Q-2X@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



'!T


3!P=#MF

M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M.C$R



N(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G

@

@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@86YD(%!U97)T;R!2:6-O+B!-:6QL









'!T

[/D-O;W)S($)A;G%U970\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F


M:71A;&EC.SY




'!T

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M9VAT.C$R



L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!M86IO

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









M82PF(S$V


@:6X@=&AE(%4N







T1F




[/DAO96=A87)D


2P@






M93HQ

M=')I97





M

M9'




[/E-I;F=H83PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





C
N


3
L('=E(&5N



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
RXP(&UI;&QI;VX\



'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H('=E(')E8V5I=F5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M


C`Q-2X\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





S)P




'!T.SY4:&4@;V)J96-T:79E(&]F($U#22!I








F4Z
3!P=#L^(&%N


[

P@2VEN9R!#;V)R82P@4F]Y86P@0G)E=RP@/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ








M:&5I9VAT.C$R


[9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4W5M;6%R:7IE9!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I
M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



M96YT.C



M;65R(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@;6]R92!T:&%N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS










M('1O($U#0D


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

3(P)3MF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY5+E

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5U<F]P93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




P
#`P









#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P

6QE



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M*#4N


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B









M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)

M





3!P=#L^)B
X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
30U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R






M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M=&EO;G





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXT,#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU-C$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\

M;W`Z


M






M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^*#$S+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z








M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^-3@V+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






3X\





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M

7!X('-O









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



I(&9R;VT@8V]N=&EN=6EN




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^-3$W+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B












'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^-3$S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


38P.S

3!P











M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.W!A9&1I
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M/3-$


M



'!T.SY











3!P=#L^
M(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@:6X@;W5R($5U


3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q
BP@(D=O;V1W

M;&4]



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH
RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@










M:6YG/3-$




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

P
#`P






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH



R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



P
#`P



G!X

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED
M871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M)B




G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I







M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
3@S+C@\



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



M;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G




G!X.R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU
SDN



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$




M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA








'!T.SXU-S`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH-2XR





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-C4N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M







M;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M


M93HQ

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R-B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DU#23PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

C`E







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G
I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L









3!P=#L^
BPP
S8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
30W+C`\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#DQ-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]











'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S






T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M















3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$



R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








3X\9&EV


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$













M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`[













M

'!T.SXH
2D\+V9O



M92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!D871E(&]F($IU;F4@
34L(#(P







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E







M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY297!R97-E;G1S(&EN

@9G)O;2!T:&4@175R;W!E('-E9VUE;G0@=&\@






'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S



3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3





M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]



I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M-2PU




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^-BPQ
#
N
CPO9F]N



M





3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT











3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R;W=S






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RPY.38N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X






'!T.SXQ-2PU.#`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^

M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P








M:'0Z



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B8C

T1F;VYT+69A


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T0S('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ

M

T1V97)T








M






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X














38P


M







M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
C(N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,C@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^175R;W!E








B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












3!P


M93HQ



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P







P
#`P
M





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.V)O






'!T.SXS



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P







P
M
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH



'!T.V9O

M;CTS1#


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;W1T;VTZ


W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I










38P



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-2XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A





M






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B














T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3DN-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M.3

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,C(N,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]






M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



@82!R97-U

M/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C

P
#`P







G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M

#LS
2P@
M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P

T1V



M;&4]



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^3F5T('-A;&5S('1O('5N869F:6QI871E9!C=7-T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
2PX



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ








M;W)I97

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^.3@N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3`W+C



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


C8Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M






M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.3DY+C4\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXV-C`N



P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


30V+C
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#8N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#DQ-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D







M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M*2P@87


M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@;F5T('-A;&5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

S)P




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]
M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R



M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXW
S8N
3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,30N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^56YI=&5D(%-T





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-3`S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X




3!P=#L^3W1H97(@9F]R96EG;B!C;W5N=')I97
\+V9O;G0^


M

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXV
3
N
SPO9F]N



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^
2PW.3@N

P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


P
#`P


3X\

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;W5R($-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E

M*2P@87


T1F

'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE('1O


V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D
M8C0W.60R9&4T








]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='
\+W1D/@T*

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^26YV97-T;65N='




F4Z
3!P

N(%1H;W-E(&5N=&ET:65S
M(&ED96YT:69I960@87





N($YO;F4@;V8@



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P=#L^




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS






M

#`P


38P.S

3!P

#`P


38P.S

M(%9)17





3(P)3MP861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



\

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P


M93HQ


@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I



M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^+B!;W1H('!A<G1I97
@=&\@=&AE




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


R




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3!P


M93HQ

M:&5E='






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^-SDU+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










G!X.R!R;W=S





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#`T-RXT/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXY+#@T



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M



'!T.SXQ+#`V

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


S0V+C(\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M;&4]

7!X('-O




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


CDV+C




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M

'!T.SXR







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


G(&5Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T









#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[


M








3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W


M+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M/3-$



M


T1V97)T:6-A



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]



38P.S
Q


G!X

6QE



G!X



3X\




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT


P
#`P




3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY-

G(&5Q=6ET





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
RPP
34N








F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPQ,S<N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



@;V8@36EL





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
2D\+W-U

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH-C8V+C(\+V9O;G0^



'!T.SX\9F]N



3!P


M93HQ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^
BPS.#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





P
#`P







M

'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT




'!T.SY/=7(@;F5T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@36EL;&5R

@:7






@


M;7
@*&=O;V1W:6QL+!L86YD+!E=&
N*2P@:7

M(&%S(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@97%U:71Y(&EN8V]M92!O=F5R('1H92!R96UA:6YI


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ

3!P





M:6YG/3-$


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


65A<G
@96YD

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P


M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




3X\9&EV




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









T1F



G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-PW
C






B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#`P




3!P=#L^

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







#`P









P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P


M93HQ
F4Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L
S0W+C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#(Q

'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXQ+#(W
XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\

M



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH

M;&4]

@;V8@






M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD





M('1R86YS9F]R;6%T:6]N('!R;VIE8W0N(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL










T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M



T0G=F5R=&EC




@96YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P








M





38P.SPO9F]N





M;&4]

I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,R-BXR/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#$Y





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXT,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP

M;VTZ



M


P
#`P




M

T0G=F5R=&EC








3!P=#L^


M

@


G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^-34W+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU,#`N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT+7-I




'!T.SY3:&%R92UB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@861J=7-T
M;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXU+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^17%U:71Y

P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R









M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M93HQ
'!T.SXH

T1V97)T





@96UP;&]Y960@8GD@36EL;&5R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]






M;&4]

7!X






R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P



M:'0Z



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-BXV




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ.XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N







F4Z,3!P=#L^,S<N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4V5R=FEC92!A9W)E96UE
M;G0@8V]S='
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-H87)G97

\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
RXW



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M


#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O


M93HQ


Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


3!P=#L^)#@N

3!P=#L^


@


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M


@


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4:&5R92!W97)E(&YO('5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@

@87

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2P@

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

3!P




M)R!2971A:6PF(S$V
#M);F



@3'1D


M:7
@8F%S960@;VX@8V]S='


@8F%S


N($AO=V5V97(L

@









M;W5N=&5D(&9E97


M92!O;B!A(&)R96%K+65V96X@8F%S:7






M.C$R




Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P




2XW




M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT







@87)E



M;&4]

'!T.SXD
3`S






'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(')E8V]R9&5D





3!P=#L^)#(W+C8@;6EL;&EO


3!P=#L^)#(Y+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!X.V9O



3!P=#L^


M









T1F

'!T.SXU

T1F

'!T.SX@=F]T:6YG(&-O




F4Z
M
3!P=#L^0D1
(&-H87)G97


@







3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD












M93HQ

2XY(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M


M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3




3(\













'!T.SXD
RXU(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


@



M





M;65N='


M(&YO('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@87
@;V8@


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M='EL93II=&%L:6

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@8G)A;F1S(&EN('1H


[/D=R;VQS8V@@



M=F5N='5R92X@34-0R!A;F0@4F]Y86P@1W)O;'-C:8C








@86YD(&9I;F%N


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


#M




F4Z
M
3!P=#L^5V4@:&]L9!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M




@86YD(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P;W-I=&EO;B!O9B!#;V)R
M82!5+DLN+!A;F0@:70@:7


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XX
M




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


#`P



M=W-P86X]






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


M;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P



G!X


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SY4;W1A;!




M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







T1F



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^
XX/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ

3!P=#MF


L)B


3!P=#L^


M

M=B`H(D%22(I(&%N9!-0T)#(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!A9W)E96UE;G0@

M34U)+!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R



M36]D96QO(%
N02Y+B!D92!#+E8N(@B36]D96QO(BDL('=H:6-H('!R;W9I


@

N(%1H92!J



M22P@34-#(&-O;G-E;G1E9!T;R!C:&%N9V4@=&AE(&5F9F5C=&EV92!T97)M
M:6YA=&EO;B!D871E(&]F('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@9G)O;2!*86YU87)Y(#$L
M(#(P,3@L('1O($9E8G)U87)Y(#(X+`R


@:6X@=&AE(%4N






'!T.SY4:&4@=')A;G-I=&EO;B!P97)I;V0@=V%S

C@L(#(P
30L








M


M9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H
M('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0N($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!T:&4@=&5R;6EN



C@L(#(P
30L($U-22!C96%S960@86QL(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@







M;&4]

'!T.SXL(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT


#$T
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!D

C`Q-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0@,C`Q,BP@34-#(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;6%R
M:V5T:6YG(&%N9!A9&UI;FES=')A=&EV92!C;W-T(')E8V]V97)I97


M

'!T.SXD
2XQ(&UI




2XS(&UI;&QI;VX\




BXU(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
F4Z
3!P=#L^)#(Q+C(@;6EL

3!P



M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^26X@86-C;W)D86YC


M:&4@=')A;G-I=&EO;B!P97)I;V0N(%1H:7

M:6YA;&EZ960@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M







+!W:&EC
M:!H860@8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY('!R;W9I9&5D(%1R861E=&5A;2!T:&4@97AC



3!P=#L^('5P;VX@97AI=&EN


@


@=&AR



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


S`L(#(P
3
L('=E(&5X96-U




3!P=#L^(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN(%1R




'!T.SXN(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A





M87




F4Z,3!P=#L^('EE87(@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;F5W(&1I<W1R:6)U=&EO;B!A
M9W)E96UE;G1S+B8C,38P.U1H92!R96UA:6YI;F<@;F5T('!R;V-E961S(&]F
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


M;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY4:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O






M;BX@4V5R=FEC97



C8N.2!M






@







@

M




T1F;VYT


#$S
2!E87)N:6YG<R!F<F]M








M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






@=VET:!T:&4@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R92!P87)T;F5R(&%N
M9!C;VYC;'5D960@=7!O;B!A('!R:6-E('1H870@=V4@=V]U;&0@86-C97!T

@82!R97-U
M;'0L(&EN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
3
L('=E('-O;&0@;W5R(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN
M('1H92!J;VEN=!V96YT=7)E(&%N9P@=7!O;B!F:6YA;&EZ:6YG('1H92!S




3!P=#L^)#4N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

F5D(&QE9V%L(&%N9!R96QA=&5D(&9E97



3!P=#L^)#$N





M9&5N=#HS


3(L('=E(')E







@





@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED




M('1O(&5X97)C:7-E(&QE9V%L(&]R(&]P97)A=&EO;F%L(&-O;G1R;VP@;W9E


@82!R97-U



'!T


M87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R
M-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T


T0G




M/3-$


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

]


]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M









F4Z
3!P=#L^






M:6YG/3-$


T0U






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
M

P
#`P



6QE


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$


M8F]L9#L^*$EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXR






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W`Z


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;&4]



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH



M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M







M



G!X.W!A


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(L



T1F;VYT+69A




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P







#`P

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ.XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



P
M
#`P









M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M93HQ
'!T.SXH

T1V97)T

38P.TQT9X@*)T




M97)I86P@:6X@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX@/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#L^


M

M9B`R









#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4N




T0P



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT











M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH
RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





6QE/3-$



@;VX@





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O


@86UO=6YT(&%R



'!T.SXD













M

@86YD($AE

T1F;VYT+69A















'!T.SXR
M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q
M7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P



]

]
T1P


M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX@26YC

M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





@87

T0G9F]N






3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO




P
#`P








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M




T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-30N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


R









M



T0Q



M;&4]


M
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

!S

M;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M:'0Z



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]



M




T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M



M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ




G!X.W!A










#`P




M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXU
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z














M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






M





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X


M














M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F






M







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3X\



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ




7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-S(N-3PO9F]N





















'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




F4Z
3!P=#L^
M5&AE(&1E8W)E87-E(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92!I;B`R
#$T('=A





M9R!A9W)E96UE;G0@*)!4$$B*2!B971W965N('1H92!5+E,N(&%N9!#86YA

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


N


3(P)3MF






M/3-$

M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$



Q-C`[


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V




M;VTZ








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY3=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^




M



M




2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C0N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




G!X.R!R




M9RUT;W`Z










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXI)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



38P.R4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




38P.R4\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
!B96YE9FET<SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O



M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*24\+V9O;G0^










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





'!T.SXV+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






G!X.R!R;W=S







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^169F96-T:79E('1A




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\







3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ


M(')A=&5S(&EN('1H92!C;W5N=')I97
@:6X@175R;W!E('=H:6-H('=E(&]P

T1F;VYT+69A









M93HQ
'!T.SXD




T1F







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1F

'!T.SXL(&5F9F5C=&EV
M92!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
3
@*&5N86-T960@:6X@
C`Q

M=6QT(&]F('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@=&AE(')A=&4@8VAA;F=E(&]N(&1I9F9E







M

#$R(&1U92!T
M;R!I;F-R96%S97


S)P






Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;VQD.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS












M;&4]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X








F4Z
M



'!T.SXS



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M




P
#`P

2!C












R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-CDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A







'!T.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ




#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!S;VQI

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X



3X\





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N








M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS


'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



M



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#;VUP96YS871I;VX@


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^












M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3@N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M




T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M;&4]



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH







'!T.SXQ-C8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M93HQ


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M:7`@:6YV97-T;65N='








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL





C`E.V9O;G0M

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
C(R
M+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R



M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M



G!X.R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M










38P

P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P
#`[






M;VTZ



M/3-$


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R

#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.#@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M86YD(&5N9&EN9R`R
#$S(&%M;W5N='


3!P=#L^
M)#DN





3!P=#L^)#DN

3!P=#L^('9A



@:7




M=X@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

M=6UE;G1S(&%N9!(961G:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97,B/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





S$\






M



'!T


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3




69O<G=A<F1S('1H870@97AP:7)E(&)E='=E96X@/]F;VYT





M
'!T.SX@87


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P
3









'!T.SXD
C(N

3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL


M
3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!O9B!D969E




L





M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE


@;VX@82!N970@8F%S:7

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
S@N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C`N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]












M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXU
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS





T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1&]M97-T:6
@;F5T


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




P
#`P
M









M:'0Z








T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
38N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M:71I97

M



'0M86QI





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXY


P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M/3-$


T0U


M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


@96YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT





M/3-$









T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXQ







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
3`Y+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!9&1I=&EO;G
@9F]R

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
BXR



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
C`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










G!X





M=&EO;G







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\




G!X.W!A9&1I








3!P


M93HQ



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXH
XY/]F;VYT




M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&%T:79E(&-H86YG97







'!T.SXH



M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^*#


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXQ
#DN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M



Q

C`Q
BP@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$L


M8W0@9F]R('1H:7







3!P=#L^+B!4:&ES(&%D
M:G5S=&UE;G0@:7



3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^
C`Q



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


#$T+!W92!F:6QE9!A
M;B!A;65N9&UE;G0@=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(%4N4RX@=&%X(')E
M='5R;G


M;&4]

'!T.SX@=6YR





M;&4]

'!T.SXD-BXS






M8F5R(#




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M

'!T.SXD
C4N-B!M





3!P
M=#L^)#

!A<W-E='
@86YD



M

'!T.SX@;V8@=6YR


M=&AE('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!;FYU86P@=&%X('!R





38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ

M=&%T:6]N(&EN('1H92!5+E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M;SMW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M;&4]

M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


38P.S


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


@



M









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%



M/3-$



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






3!P


M93HQ









T1F;VYT




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#$N.3PO



T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT











#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXV

P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






G!X











M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#






3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ
34N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^-C
N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


7!X('-O;&ED




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




M;W`Z




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q






#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^-3DN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



#`P




3!P=#L^
3
W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P




#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

4[=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z


T1F

'!T.SY792!F:6QE(&EN


N($EN($-A

C`P.2!A




N(%1H



#`V(&%R92!C;&]S960@

@




M9VAT.C$R




'!T.SY$

38P.S




M97)I96YC92P@9&]M97-T:6


L


3!P=#L^


M9F]R96EG;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@=V%S(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@8F4@:6YD


M+E



M=&%N8V5S(&EN(&$@=&%X(&5F9FEC:65N=!M86YN97(N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#









I(&%S('-P96-I86P@
M:71E;7

M;7





M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


#`P



M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D


M
#L@<F]W


M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M


M;W`Z



M(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I









T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXQ
XV/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M













G!X.R!R




M







M93HQ


M93HQ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ









M=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@=W)I=&4M;V9F(&%N9!I;7!A:7)M96YT/]F;VYT

M:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3
N.#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY%=7)O



'!T.SX\

M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ-3`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B










'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY5;G5S=6%L(&]R(&EN


M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P=#L^/'-U





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







3(P)3MF

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^*#(N


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


C`E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X



3X\


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M






!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P
#`P

M/3-$




P
#`P





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



!S='EL93TS1=P

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M
3!P=#L^57!O;B!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@34U)(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@
M:6X@












'!T








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O







M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A


M('%U87)T97)S(&]F(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6UP
M86ER;65N=!C:&%R9V5S(')E;&%T960@=&\@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I



'!T.SY.

T0P(&-E;&QS



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3!P=#L^26X@1&5C96UB97(@
C`Q
RP@





M93II=&%L:6







'!T.SXQ
M



'!T.SXL(&]F('=H:6-H('=E(')E8V5I=F5D

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
C`Q-2X@5&AE(&9U;&P@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!P87EM


@9&ES=')I


30@






M
C`Q


M;G
@9')I=F5N(&)Y(&$@;&%C:R!O9B!D96UA;F0@:6X@=&AE(%4N2RX@;6%R



@:6YV96YT;W)Y+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+71O


M



M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3!P=#L^26X@
M1&5C96UB97(@;V8@
C`Q




'!T.SXD-2XT(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



C`Q
BP@87

T1F;VYT


@

@

3!P=#L^)#$N
B!M



#$S+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






@:6X@;W5R($U#(%-I)VAA
M:2!J;VEN=!V96YT=7)E(&EN($-H:6YA+!A;F0@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U
M87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q
BP@=V4@9&5C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@=&AE(&IO:6YT('9E









M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





M;&4]



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH-BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M86P@:71E;2X@5&AE(&%M;W5N='

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3!P=#L^



M:6%T960@=VET:!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!F;&]O9&EN9R!I;B!397)B:6$L($)O


#$T+B!4:&5S92!L;W-S97
@=V5R92!O9F9S970@8GD@






M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M0WIE8V@@4F5P=6)L:6

M;&4]

'!T.SXD-RXT



'!T.SX@:6YS=7)A;F-E('!R;V-E961S(')E8V5I
M=F5D(&EN(#(P
3

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3!P=#L^*#@I







3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


M;VTZ





3!P=#L^26X@
C`Q

@86QL(&9U;F-T






M9W







M

'!T.SXS
3`\+V9O


M93HQ




3!P=#L^

3!P
M=#L^
C`Q

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^
C`Q


3!P=#L^
C`Q


M9V%N(&EN(#(P

30@=V4@86QS



M


@86YD(&-O




@


M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B









38P


P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


M9RUT;W`Z





M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXQ+C@\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='
@;6%D93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH



M;VTZ











M





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

7!X

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXW+C$\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXR-XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^









38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY087EM





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH

M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#(V


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
3



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M










M







3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M86X]






3!P=#L^
30N




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S








3!P


M93HQ




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^*#`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH



T1V97)T:6-A



M
S$L(#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O






F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P







#`P

M;VTZ







#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


M
5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970Q-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3!P


M93HQ

G($5Q=6ET

3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X




M9#L^)B





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


6QE/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C



F(S$V


P
#`P


M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



F(S$V
M

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B


Q


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I










P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P


M
3!P=#L^
3DN
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXP+C

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R











M;&4]



G!X






'!T.SY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S








3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ+C0\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG









3!P=#L^*#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY86QA;F-E(&%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P


G!X







M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



P
#`P


3X\9&EV






M.C$R



'!T.SXH
M



@=VAI

M:&%R97



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^


M

M;F=E86)L92!3:&%R97


M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE
M($-L87-S)B


@0V%N861A)B




F(S$V






L(&5N

#`P
M

3!P=#L^('9O=&4@
M;VX@=&AE('-A;64@8F%S:7

M97
@87



M



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X

M8VAA;F=E86)L92!S:&%R97
@86YD($-L87-S($(@97AC:&%N9V5A8FQE('-H


M;B!S=&]C:R!H87


@02!C













M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M:&5I9VAT.C$R






@



M('1H:7


C`Q
M




@0B!C


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A




'!T
M.SXD


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S











]


]

]
M

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%S:6,@96%R;FEN9W,@<&5R('-H87)E(@B15!3(BD@=V%S

M('-E8W5R:71I97

M=6YI='






2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G



R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S<RD@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^-#0Q+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT







'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P













M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY%9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\





M





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\






L(%!357



M

'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]




7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ.#0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M



G!X






@0G)E=VEN



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^
BXT-#PO9F]N=#X\



3!P=#L^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B














M;VTZ



M/3-$





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3!P=#L^1G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG
M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+C`W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C`Q







M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A






'!T.SY$:79I9&5N9'
@9&5C;&%R960@86YD('!A
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M

P
#`P
#`[






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ






M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P



F(S$V


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M




'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M




P
#`P








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M



G!X.R!R;W=S







G!X



3X\




2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





3!P=#L^
XQ/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^



M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M93HQ

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M9&5N=#HS


C`P-RP@



M

'!T.SX@0V]N=F5R


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

M;#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/B0U-S4@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3
N($]N($IU
M;'D@
S`L(#(P
3






M87-H('!R;V-E961S(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@;V8@

C`P-R!R96QA=&5D



M='

C`Q
R!A;F0@


M969F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY);B!*=6YE(#(P






#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)B
X
S8T.S4P
!M:6QL:6]N/]F

M


X
M
S8T.S4P













]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


@86YD(')E;&%T960@86-C=6UU;&%T

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC





M9RUT;W`Z



M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SY


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-S4N
SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
3DR+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^0G5I;&1I


G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US













G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#@P,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,S$S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
3(X+C
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
C`N.#PO9F]N=#X\








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^


M;VTZ



M/3-$


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS+#0R.XX/]F;VYT


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3&5S







T1F



G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PT-3@N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$
























M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M

'!T.SY$97!R96-I
M871I;VX@97AP96YS92!W87





T1F;VYT+69A


3!P=#MC

#`P


M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXL(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P




M86-I;&ET:65S(&EN(#(P




5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970Q


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]



]
T1R;SX-






F4Z
M


M:'0Z





M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M26X@;6EL;&EO;G


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M














T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A





M93HQ

M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
34N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M






F4Z,3!P=#L^*#8Q
M+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXH

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#(R-RXQ





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

S$L(#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P



F4Z
M




P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



P
#`P
#`[














M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXR+#$Y

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

34L(#(P



M
C`Q



'!T.SXD
34N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





C`Q
RX@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







#`P





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D


M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1V97)T:6-A


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






T1V





M





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M

3!P=#L^
R8C
38P.RTF
M(S$V
#LT







T1F;VYT+69A





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CDN
3PO9F]N






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#$P
M





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^




M;VTZ



M/3-$







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#(Y



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

F%T:6]N
M.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXT+#4Y
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V





M







3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O







M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


3$U+C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO










M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL



M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@
M9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S(&1E=&%I;'
@;V8@;W5R(&EN=&%N



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO



M
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P













R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A





M9#L^*$EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT












M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS)B
Q-C`[+28C


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^-3
W+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

Q

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/






M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXS+C0\+V9O



F%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ










M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU+#0X
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXY-3(N



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-3(N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O



3!P=#L^26YD969I;FET93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
34N



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^-BPX
C4N
M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P





M=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A



'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q+`R
#$T



M;V8@:6YT86YG:6)L97



30L('=E
M(&%C8V5L97)A=&5D('1H92!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY87-E9!O;B!F;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&5S(&%S(&]F

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M






M

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C<N
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N
M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXR


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
C4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
3(N








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M+6EN9&5N=#HS





'!T



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



3!P=#L^)#0N.2!M:6QL


3!P=#L^(&]F(&%C8V5L97)A=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!R






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A

30L('=E



M=V%S(&UA9&4@=&\@;6]R92!C;&]S96QY(&%L:6=N('1H92!I;7!A:7)M96YT




M9R!P97)F;W)M960@87







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

@86YD($=O;V1W







M
'!T.SXQ










L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@9&5C;&EN97
@:6X@=&AE



N







[/DEN9&5F:6YI=&4M3&EV960@26YT
M86YG:6)L97



M93II=&%L:6

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@:6YD969I;FET92UL:79E


N




M93HQ
'!T.SX@=VET:&EN('-P96-I86P@:71E;7
@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U


3!P=#L^

M;7!A:7)M96YT(&9O;&QO=W


#$S















[







M;FEF:6-A;G0@96-O;F]M:6

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M=W



[/E-T





L('=I=&@@=&AE(&5X8V5P=&EO;B!O9B`\+V9O;G0^


M





[





'!T








38P.S
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!T:&5S92!A=UR:7-K(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S
M(&AA9!A(&-A<G)Y:6YG('9A;'5E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/B0X

B!M






F4Z
3!P





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P







M92!#86YA9&$@;6%R:V5T+B!4:&5S92!C:&%L;&5N9V5S(&-O;G1I;G5E('1O



3!P=#L^+!T:&4@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

3!P=#L^+B!4:&4@=F%L=64@;V8@

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

7-I<R!O9B!O=7(@:6YD969I;FET

@



3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





M





M97








@;V8@=&AE(&5X


M=&EO;G









@86QS;R!R
M969L96-T(&$@8V]N=&EN=65D(&-H86QL96YG:6YG(&5N=FER;VYM96YT('1H



M;F0@:6YN;W9A=&EO;B!A8W1I=FET:65S+B!&86ER('9A;'5E(&1E=&5R;6EN

M86YD(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L92!I;7!A:7)M96YT('1E



M:6


3!P=#L^*2!M87D@:6YC;'5D92!S=6-H(&ET





@86YD(&%N

#MA;B!E8V]N;VUI8R!R96-O=F5R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M9&5N=#HS










M


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M;&EC96YS92!A9W)E96UE;G0@=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q-2P@=VAI

R!F86ER('9A






M97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\



]


]

M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX@

3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\





M



M

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/B8C



R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#
V-#LU

M(#(P
3




M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXV

'!T.SX\9F]N



#`F(S$V
#MM:6QL:6]N(#4N


'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY#040@-3`P)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;B`S+CDU)2!397)I97
F(S$V
M
#M!(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R



F4Z,3!P=#L^-#,P+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#
P
!M:6QL:6]N(#(N,4@
M;F]T97
@9'5E(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
M

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S`P+C`\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXS
#`N



M(#
N-24@;F]T97
@9'5E(#(P

T1F;VYT


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C=P=#XH







'!T.SXU


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F

'!T.SXQ+#$P
XP/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
2PQ
#`N


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






F4Z,3!P=#L^3&5S<SH@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&5B=!D:7-C;W5N
M='

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I





T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#4N
M






M;VTZ


M



'!T.SXS+#$Q



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M




M/3-$

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPS


P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
RPR
3
N

P
#`P

P
#`P


M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M









G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ











#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY/=F5R9')A9G0@9F%C:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\

M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3
W+C0\+V9O



M93HQ






'!T.SXU+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXT+C@\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P


T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXV
2XX







#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M




P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH

M;&4]

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

V-#LU


38P.S



V-#LU

M
3!P=#L^+!C;VYS:7-T:6YG(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1F

'!T.SX@9F]R('1H92!C
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SX@*#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN


F4Z,3!P=#L^(@\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD-C`P+C
@;6EL;&EO



'!T.SXD
M


M(&-L;W-E(&]F('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!R96QA=&5D('1O(&QO8V%L(&-O

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD-C$N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F

V-#LT



M:&5S92!C;&%I;7




C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@




M

T1F;VYT+69A



@


M969F96-T:79E(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9F]R(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N(%-E






3!P


2!C



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M=&%L($9I;F%N8V4@54Q#(&-O;7!L971E9!A($-!1`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M



M86YA9&$@9'5E($]C=&]B97(@-BP@
C`Q-RX@4')I;W(@=&\@:7-S=6EN9R!T
M:&4@8F]N9'
L('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!F;W)W87)D('-T87)T:6YG(&EN


M=&EO;G
@969F96-T:79E;'D@97-T86)L:7-H960L(&EN(&%D=F%N8V4L('1H

M87




@;VX@








3!P=#L^(&)O;F1S



@





M
3!P=#L^



'!T
M.SXY


M/C4P





M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SY/;B!-
M87D@
RP@
C`Q






M93HQ
'!T.SXR


F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[
M/B!S96YI;W(@;F]T97,@=V5R92!I<W-U960@:6X@86X@:6YI=&EA;!A9V=R




#`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M
3!P=#L^)#4P


M
3!P=#L^
C`T






'!T.SXD

M










M
'!T.SXD



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







N($EN(&-O;FYE

3!P=#L^(')E8V]R




6QE/3-$





M8W)E87-E(&EN('1H92!C97)T86EN='D@;V8@;W5R('EI96QD('1O(&UA='5R
M:71Y('=H96X@:7-S=6EN9R!T:&4@;F]T97
N)B
Q-C`[26X@=&AE('-E8V]N





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$





3!P=#L^)#4P





3!P=#L^(&YO=&5S(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!T:&4@8F5N8VAM87)K




'!T.SXD





3!P=#L^)#4P
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXD,3`N.!M:6QL


3!P=#L^(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0@9F]R(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;6]V
M96UE;G1S(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!T:&4@8F5N8VAM87)K(&EN=&5R97-T


M97-E;G1E9!B96QO=RX@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C

T0P




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG('1H92!S







@;V8@
C`Q-2!A;F0@






F4Z


M87


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1V

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ

Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P







3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

@



'!T.SXD

M=!A('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@969F96-T:79E(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@
M86YD('1E;F]R(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY









M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O


M93HQ

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&EN(&)A;FL@;W9E<F1R869T<R!A;F0@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT






M871E9!T;R!T:&4@8V%S:!P;V]L+B`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



V-#LQ-3`@;6EL


3!P=#L^('1O

V-#LQ







3!P=#L^
C`N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY'0E`@3$E3U(@




P+C`@





T1F;VYT

'!T.SYB87-E(')A=&4@;V8@


3!P=#L^(&QI;F4@


2P@




'!T.SXD

M;&4]

'!T.SX@=6YD



'!T.SXQ+C4@8FEL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N







T1F;VYT




@:7

3!P=#L^)#4N









@87
@;V8@


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ












3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M

Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P
3



'!T.SXL('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]U






U.2XQ(&UI;&QI;VX\








979E

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ,'!X.W!A9&1I;F<M=&]P.C$P<'@[
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


M


M:&4@=&5R;7



@86YD('1R86YS


Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P













M

'!T.SY$96-E;6)E

38P.S


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


38P.S

3!P=#L^9FEV


T0G




M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/EEE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


38\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW
S`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+#8P



3X\




G!X.R!R








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#$W.2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P





M:'0Z





M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;&4]

7!X




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P


M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M




G!X.R!R





M;&4]



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ
M-#4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

7!X('-O;&ED





!S;VQI


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0P



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT






T1F

'!T.SXD
3DN



3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S4P












5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970R
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1T97AT

]


]



'!X


M:&5I9VAT.C$R







'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
6QE

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



F(S$V

M;&EG:6)L92!E;7!L;WEE97


@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY($EN8V5N=&EV92!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA
M;B`H(DU#0D
@24
@4&QA;B(I.B!24U5S+!$4U5S+!057
L(%!357
L('-T
M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




F4Z
M




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q


#`P
M







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^(%)357

















'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M

'!T.SXD-CDN-S@\




#`P
#MT97AT+61E


RXW


M;W1T;VTZ











L(&ET('=I;&P@8F4@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE

F(S$V



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^('-H87)E<R!A<F4@:7-S=65D(&%N9!057
@:&%V92!N;R!V




@;V8@861J=7-T960@96%R;FEN9W
@

38P










M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^=&AR964\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M57


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3!P




M5&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!04U5S(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN
M960@8F%S960@;VX@;6%R:V5T(&%N9!P97)F;W)M86YC92!M971R:6-S+!W









M;VYD:71I;VXN($EN(&5A8V@@;V8@



3!P




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M






M

#`P

#$T




3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P

M.FYO;F4[/C`N



R!M:6QL


3!P=#L^(&]P=&EO;G

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H92!M87)K970@=F%L=64@

M;G0N(%1H92!33U-!4G







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O



4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P

E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\





P
#`P



M




M





38P.SPO9F]N


#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E






T1V





M








G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z















G!X



3X\
!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P



3!P=#L^

P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
3

P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2P@





65A<G,N
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M=#HS



L($1357
L(%!357
@86YD




38P.S



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T1V



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;VQD.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



P
#`P







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



P
#`P


M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A
M;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E('!E<B!U;FET/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


3!P=#L^


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




CPO9F]N











M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M



'!T.SXP+C

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M



'!T.SXD-3@N

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXF(S@R


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXD-3@N-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXH

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3([


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

#$T

#`P
#MB86-K



G!X




3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P


G!X



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;VTZ



M/3-$






@:7

M
3!P=#L^)#8P+C



M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT



@=F%L=65S(&]F
M(%)357
@86YD($1357

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN


M:6]N.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

M.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SXL('=A



'!T.SXD

M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN
M9R!T86)L92!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H92!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@86YD

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M





M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P


G!X.W!A









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYA=F5R86=E/]F;VYT/CPO


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M:6
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

P
#`P






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



6QE

M;&4]

M



M;&4]







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYV86QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M


G!X.W!A







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

T1F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXR+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




N
C8\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





6QE



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




G!X.R!R;W=S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I











38P


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



M
#L@<F]W





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N










38P




#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N









F4Z.7!T.SY&;W)F96ET









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






G!X.W!A




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M





Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A




S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXT+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




M






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X


#`P
#`P



M
3




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




F4Z
M,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($1U<FEN9R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





@



M

#`P





'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X



3!P=#L^+!T:&5R92!W97)E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





M;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^




#`P

M.SXR




M;&4]

'!T.SX@=V%S

M86-K+5-C:&]L97


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^




M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


38P.S


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY2


G!X.W!A


#`P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M
2XT






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXQ+C4P)3PO


M;VTZ



M/3-$

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B













M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L^
C(N
SDE)B
Q-C`[+28C
38P.S(U



G!X



3X\


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





G!X






G!X



3X\



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


38P.RTF(S$V













38P




G!X.W!A



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M









M92!R86YG92!O;B!T:&4@97AP96-T960@=&5R;2!I;B`R

@
M9G)O;2!A=V%R9'


M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z


M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

P
#`P







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

#LS
M
2P@



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
BXU-R4\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+C@X

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X









M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P





@







M87)T7V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

0T*0V]N





]

M

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


;W-S*2P@3F5T(&]F


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@


3(P)3MT









M97





M;W-I=&EO;G



M;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX@06-C=6UU;&%T


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^=')A;G-L871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T









M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI





T1F;VYT

P
#`P









P
#`P








M;&4]







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'0M86QI



M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









N





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



T1F;VYT

M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



S0P+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



S8N


T1F;VYT




X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




V+C

M







M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

F4Z.'!T.SXH.3<N
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

P
#`P

C0N-SPO9F]N=#X\









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXW,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-C8N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M

T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE









M;VTZ





M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#`P
#`[




P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M;W`Z

#`P



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M.'!T.SXH-S(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




















M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B








M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M92UH96EG:'0Z



X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

3([






M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X









T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T1F

T+C
\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M;W1T;VTZ










T0R('-T







T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M;VTZ





G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD









#`P





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P









#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

T1F



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^56YR96%L:7IE9!G86EN

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P
M=#XH



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M

CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I



M93HQ



T0R('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F





CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M;&4]







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




'!E;G-E*3PO9F]N=#X\

S$N
SPO9F]N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



F4Z.'!T
M.SY!<R!O9B!$96-E;6)E<B`S,2P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



7!X('-O






M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



X-XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M;W`Z



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M

'!T.SXD
2XU(&UI




BXS*2!M:6QL:6]N













#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






C`Q
B!A







M960@:6X@
C`Q

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@;V8@

@:6X@9F]R96EG;B!C
M;W5N=')I97

3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;VX@9V%I;G



@;V8@;W5R($-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E86X@;W!E









M92UH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT





T0P(&-E;&QS



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M961G97


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M



G!X.W!A


3!P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXH


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXR+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

N

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^









38P






M/3-$


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N



M



M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M:6=H=#HQ


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#`P




M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXH-38N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







3!P=#L^


M


B!S='EL

P
#`P
M











#`P








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




I





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q












38P

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P







W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3!P=#L^*#$I

3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q-BP@




M-C%?-#(V.5\Y








]


M;F0@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='




]


]


M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



@:6X@

M(&QA=W
@86YD(')E9W5L871I;VYS+B!792!H879E(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I


@:6X@

M;G








M;VTZ


'!T.SX\9F]N


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E







@




M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M








65A<G
@96YD960\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P





M97(@
S$L(#(P
3

T1V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





P
#`P



G!X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


P
#`P






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1T97AT




M





38P.SPO9F]N





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B









M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
3
N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T1F




N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





T1F;VYT



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ













3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T












M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A














38P












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-S,N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$Y-2XV/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$W-2XR/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


N
M






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

XR/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1V




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]




#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\





#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

C!P







M:6]D:6

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P



F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


P
#`P
#`[







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P




P
#`P



#`P





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


P
#`P


M/3-$


3(P)3MP861D

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M9&5N=#HS



M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T0G9F]N


M=VED=&@]

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

Q

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P






#`P

G!X

M86X]







R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P


G!X


6QE

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B












#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXS+#@Q-BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M;W1T;VTZ





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


RPY-34N-3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








'!T.SX\9F]N















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=&EO;G

M



'0M86QI



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T













3X\9&EV('-T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-C0N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9RUT;W`Z



@




'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#@Y+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M











M9RUT;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3`P+C










X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T













3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



G!X.R!R





M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






C$V+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B@R
#$N



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R




3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M






M





T1F;VYT


B!S

G!X

M






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#,P,2XV/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M
#`P



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
RPY-SDN
SPO



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-C(N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N





P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M







M;&4]

7!X



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#`P


M

P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
RPY
M-SDN



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M





M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











M/C

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


RPS-3
N.#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



G!X.W!A9&1I









M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;G

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A







M/3-$















G!X.R!R



T1F






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

\+V9O;G0^


XW/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(Q.2XU/]F




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(&-O;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




#`P







T0G



M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
RPU.38N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V








M;VTZ


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M


P
#`P
M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P







P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P
M




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

T1F;VYT+69A

N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#`P

M;VTZ




#`P



7!X



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P







G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M='

R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXW.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T1F




M;&4]









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

3`N
3PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


N
M






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M
#L@<F]W


M96UE;G0@8F5N969I='






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N

34T+CD\



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH,34S+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







T0R('-T







2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#$V

#`P
M




#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P
M














P
#`P



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




3!P=#L^)#
L
F4Z
3!P=#L^)#
L



3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT/CQF



3!P=#L^


M

M87


@:6X@




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^26YF;W)M871I;VX@9F]R(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I
M=!P96YS:6]N(&%N9!/4$5('!L86YS('=I=&@@86=G<F5G871E(&%C8W5M

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M

T0Q


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M(#

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]







R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P


M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F









3!P=#L^
RPR-S(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






M




3!P=#L^
RPR-S
N-#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-C(N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F










T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^
38R+C$\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPR-S<N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
BPX.#(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
BPX
#
N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^
BPX
#
N
#PO9F]N




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ


M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S



M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M(#


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P








M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXX
3$N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X





M;&4]

7!X



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P













M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]




7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW.#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$




M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY#:&%N9V5S
M(&EN('!L86X@87-S971S(&%N9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(')E8V]G

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/4$5/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M



3X\
















M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
2PQ
S0N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M*#$S+C




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3(Q+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

@*&)E;F5F:70I






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-38N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3X\

M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#`N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC

M



'!T.SXH


#`P




3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P




M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




@*&EN8V]M92D@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW.#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




F%T:6]N
M(&]F('!R:6]R('-E<G9I8V4@8V]S=',@*&)E;F5F:70I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#`N-CPO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@;F5T

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
S8N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M

'!T.SXQ-3DN-SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M93HQ






2P@

P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P




M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M

'!T.SY!;6]R=&EZ
F5D(&EN(&YE
M=!P97)I;V1I8R!P96YS:6]N(&%N9!/4$5(&-O<W0@9'5R:6YG(&9I<V-A

#`P
#MF;VYT
!I<R!A<R!F;VQL

3(P








M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO






#`P

G!X

M86X]








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXH



M;W1T;VTZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^*#DN
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M









T1F










'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^


M


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ

3!P=#L^



M=FEO=7

M;&5D(&EN('1H92!T86)L92!B96QO=RX@5&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q
M









M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B




M;&4]

M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


38P.S


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

C`Q
CPO




#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]014(\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





M;&4]





M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




G!X







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M:'0Z





B4\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXT+C8Q









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M

'!T.SY2871E(&]F

M



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


F4Z,3!P=#L^,BXU,4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A









G!X.R!R;W=S




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z









M:'0Z












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O


M93HQ

M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH


M

T1V97)T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






'!T.SX\9F]N

















F4Z
M,3!P=#L^2&5A;'1H(&-A<F4@8V]S=!T<F5N9!R871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

3!P
M=#L^4F%N9VEN9R!R871A8FQY(&9R;VT@-RXY)2!I;B`R
#$S('1O(#0N-24@
M:6X@



M



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M







M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY5+DLN('!L86X@=V%S(&-L;W-E

C`P.2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES=&]R








M92!T86)L92!B96QO=RX@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M;G



Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P




Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P
3






M





M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/4$5/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B












M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT






'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^-XW.24\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<CX\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


F4Z





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR+C4P)3PO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z










M/3-$







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




3!P=#L^4F%N9VEN9R!R871A8FQY(&9R;VT@
M-RXW)2!I;B`R
#$U('1O(#0N-24@:6X@
C`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X







G!X









M.C$R



'!T.SXH
M



M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




'!T.SY$

38P.S


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(&QA


N(#PO9F]N

3(P)3MP861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3HQ




M96%L=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&5S('=O=6QD(&AA=F4@=&AE(&9O


M




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L










M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



T1F




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY%9F9E8W0@;VX@


G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS







M:6YS=')U;65N='

M97
L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@9G5N9'











@:&%V92!T:&4@9F]L;&]W


@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HY




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





M


M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3!P=#LG/CQT



M/3-$

M;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@87)E




@97AP

#$U+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X














@=&AE($-A;F%D
M:6%N(&%N9!5+DLN('!E;G-I;VX@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@=VEL;!B92!S971T

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3!P=#L^

3(P)3MF






M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M






M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C








'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;VTZ



M/3-$





G!X







M





38P.SPO9F]N

3!P=#L^-BXQ)3PO



3!P=#L^-XT)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^
3
N
B4\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M97-E(&=O=F5R;FUE;G1S(&-O=6QD(&YE9V%T:79E;'D@:6UP86-T('1H92!A

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P








M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



N(%1H92!T





M:6-I97




@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1I

N(%=E(&AA=F4@;F]T(&-H86YG960@;W5R(&9A:7(@=F%L

@


'!X.V9O;G0M


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3!P=#L^






3X\




M:'0Z




'!T
M.SXF(S@R

M:71S+!S:&]R=UT97)M(&)I;&QS(&%N9!S:&]R=UT97)M(&YO=&5S+B!/






M;B!










3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V










M;65N='
@87

M;F1I=FED=6%L('-E8W5R:71Y)W




M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



3!P=#L^
M)B
X

3!P=#L^17%U
M:71I97
F(S@R
3([26YC;'5D97

M;F0@;W1H97(@97%U:71Y+6QI:V4@:&]L9&EN9W




@86YD(&]T:&5R(&9U;F0@:&]L9&EN
M9W

@87)E('=E;&P@9&EV97)S:69I960@8F5T=V5E


38P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HY-G!X.R!R






M/3-$


M




X
C$R.TEN8VQU9&5S(&]U




M97


L('=E(&AA=F4@=&AE(&%B
M:6QI='D@=&\@;&EQ=6ED871E('=I=&AO=70@;6%T97)I86P@9&5L87ES(&%T






38P.S
N(%1H:7


N






@=&\@







3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO

3!P=#L^3W1H97(F(S@R
3([
M26YC;'5D97




M(&%W86ET:6YG(')E8VQA:6T@9'5E('1O('1H92!T87@@97AE;7!T(&YA='5R







N(%=H96X@9&5T97)M

M:6YV97-T;65N=!V96AI8VQE+!A;F0@86-C;W)D:6YG;'D@:6YC;'5D92!T


@:6X@3&5V96PF
M(S$V
#LQ(&]F('1H:7







#LS(&%S('1H92!V
M86QU97



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q
R4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M=7)E;65N='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA
979E;8C,38P.S$I/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

P
#`P

3X\








Q-C`[




P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA,979E;8C
38P
M.S


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV
M86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;W1T;VTZ







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ
#@N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@










G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V









G!X




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
C4N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#$S-RXU/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3
W+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C0Q







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXT-XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY#;VQL







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.3,N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR.3@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4F5A


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^2&5D
M9V4@9G5N9'
@;V8@9G5N9'










G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]













3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY2

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
2PQ.#4N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O



M93HQ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L















3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^*#
X.XV/]F


P
#`P

2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


L-3



M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P









P
#`P

M/3-$





3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$









M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M86QU92!M96%S=7)E;65N='
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M96PF(S$V

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M



M;&4]

M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G!U='

M9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
S
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8G0\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-#
X+C$\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M










M








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V






M;&4]

'!T.SXU+C`\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS
C4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.38N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-3$U+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/=&AE<CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO










3!P


M93HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU





3!P=#L^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X














3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


SPO9F]N=#X\







P
M
#`P






P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E









3!P=#L^


M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M9#L^*$EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



CDL
M(#(P




M;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M/3-$













T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



38P.S

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





I+V=A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





#`P







P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z











M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY0=7)C:&%S97

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ








G!X.W!A9&1I







@:6XO*&]U=D@;V8@3&5V96PF
M(S$V,#LS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I





T1F;VYT+69A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A



!S





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

3!P



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[
M/BP@=V4@97AP96-T('1O(&UA:V4@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N<R!T;R!O=7(@9&5F
M:6YE9!B96YE9FET('!E;G-I;VX@<&QA;G




'!T.SXD

M;&4]

'!T.SX@=&\@


3!P=#L^)#(W





'!T.SXQ-3`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M
3!P=#L^)#(S



M('!L86X@87



N(%!L86X@9G5N



M(&%N9!/4$5('!L86YS+!B87-E9!O;B!F;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M-S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
!S


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXR


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXX+C`\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^







T1F




2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


SPO


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXR
#(P+3(P
C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E9FEN960@0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N(%!L86YS







'!T.SXS

T1F;VYT+69A


3!P=#L^

@87)E

@



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M



M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@8V]S='
@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H(&1E9FEN960@8V]N
M=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86YS(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T




F4Z
3!P=#L^


@=VAI8V@@87)E




M

38P.S




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/BP@=&AE('!L86X@;&EA8FEL:71I97


@



3!P


M93HQ






M;CTS1#$V(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$




M:'0Z



Q




G!X.W!A



#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1O=&%L(&%T/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


Q-C`[
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG

M*$QE=F5L)B
Q-C`[

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S






M





M8F]L9#L^17%U:71I97

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





CM#;W)P;W)A=&4\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R












#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z





M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@;65A<W5R
M96UE;G1S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T1N;VYE+SY$96-E

38P.S


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC








#LQ*3PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G!U=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE

38P.S
I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\












M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R
M-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T




T1T97AT

M:7

]


]


M9VX]



M=F4@26YS=')U;65N='




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]V97)V:65W
M(&%N9!2:7-K($UA;F%G96UE;G0@4&]L:6-I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M,'!X.W!A9&1I;F<M=&]P.C$P<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z







@:6X@=&AE(&5V96YT(&]F(&YO;BUP97)F;W)M86YC92!B




@8V]N=')A8W1E9X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M




M;65N='



















M









3!P




3!P=#L^


M

M;R!P;W-T(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@=6YL97-S(&$@8VAA;F=E(&]F(&-O;G1R;VP@

2!C;VYS;VQI9&%T97




@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@:7


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M

'!T.SXL('=E(&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M;F]M:6
@:&5D9V5S(&%R92!M96%S=7)E9!A=!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]N(&]U





@


M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXL('=E(&AA=F4@8V]N8VQU9&5D


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I


@:6X@04]#
M22!A;F0@:7

@=VAE;B!T:&4@



M;G

M86YD('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(')E;6%I;G


M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@=6YT:6P@;6%T=7)I='DL(')E
M8V]G;FEZ:6YG(&9U='5R92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&EN


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




#$W+`R,#(R(&%N9`R



M=65D(&YO=&5S+B!#;VYS97%U96YT;'DL(&EN(#(P


F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]N('-E='1L96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE(%1R96%S=7)Y($QO8VMS
M(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X<&5N<V4@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R

M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!9&1I=&EO;F%L;'DL
M(&EN($IU;F4@
C`Q


@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
30L(#(P
3

3DL(#(P
3



M;R!M965T('1H92!D969I;FET:6]N(&]F(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!R97%U:7)E





'!T.SXD



3!P=#L^3F]T
M92`Q




3(P





C`Q
RP@=V4@



M;B!I;B!*=6YE(#(P

M=&\@=7
@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q
RX@5&AE(')E;&%T

M:6YG(#(P
3



@=V5R92!N;W0@9&5S:6=N

M




L(#(P


M;&4]




M



M=&5R(&]F(#(P
3



M92UH96EG:'0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


3!P=#L^
M)#4P

#`@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^(&YO=&5S
M(&1U92!I;B`R

M








M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ












M92!H961G97
@86YD('1H92!O9F9S971T:6YG(&-H86YG97

M86QU92!O9B!T:&4@:&5D9V5D(&ET96T@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R
M;FEN9W





M

'!T.SXD




#`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P=#L^)#4P



M;&4]

'!T.SXN(%-E




M;&4]

'!T.SX@9F]R


M






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ




@87-S;V-I





3!P=#L^(&%N






38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



M8F5R(#(P
34@86YD(&$@=&5R;6EN871I;VX@9&%T92!O9B!397!T96UB97(@
M

M8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4N(%5N9&5R('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G1S('=E(&%R92!R97%U





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M


M
#4@86YD(#(P









M97

N(%1H97-E('-W



M
3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q














M;VTZ


'!T.SX\9F]N


@0W5R



'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@:&ES






M
3!P=#L^+B!);B!397!T96UB97(@
C`Q

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXO/]F

3!P=#L^(&%N9!#040@/]F
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI






M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;VUP86YY(&YO=&5S(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@1T)0(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/C$S


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A



3(N($9O;&QO=VEN

C`Q
2P@=V4@9&5D97-I




M;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY);B!-87)C:`R,#$R+!W



M93HQ



'!T.SX@;V8@;W5R(&]R:6=I;F%L(&-R;W-S



M
'!T.SXD





F4Z
3!P=#L^
M1'5R:6YG(#(P
3







3!P=#L^
C0Q(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ







@

M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ








M86P@96YT:71Y)W


N(%=E('5S92!F;W)E



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M='









@






'!T.SXV



3!P=#L^

M






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$97)I=F%T:79E($9A:7(@5F%L=64@365A<W5R96UE
M;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M9&5N=#HS



@=&\@97-T:6UA=&4@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@





M;&P@87




3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SXN(%-E
M92!.;W1E)B
Q-C`[
2`B0F%S:7




3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]





M)B
Q-C`[

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O

Q-C`[
BD\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]










\+V9O;G0^
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

979E;8C,38P.S,I/]F





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W)E






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






M;W1T;VTZ






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O






F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MP


M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS




G!X.R!R






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/B8C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F



M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA
979E;8C,38P.S$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH3&5V96PF(S$V
#LR*3PO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M='
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#



3X\9&EV('-T





M;VTZ







M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
3DN



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#0N.3PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^)B
X
M

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



979E;`R+B`\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




M93HQ

38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M;F0@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@
M9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


M;&4]

'!T.SY$96-E



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M





@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M
#LS
2P@

T1F;VYT

T0S('-T

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F

#L\





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B








F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C




P
#`P



M:'0Z



M92!S:&5E=!L;V-A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]



P
#`P








M:'0Z





38P.SPO





G!X.W!A



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










T1V97)T:6-A

T1F;VYT






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;VTZ



M+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXQ.2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A


B!S


#`P


G!X


P
#`P




P
#`P







M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9RUT;W`Z








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M(&-O;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

@




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N







M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ




M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



G!X





M


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3=P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIM:61D;&4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M







P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



T0R


#`P

M


M;&4]



F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

T1F;VYT



M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X







M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T



#`P


P
#`P


M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



2!C



G!X.W!A



#L\+V9O


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M

M



'0M86QI

M(S$V




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P


F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9A:7(@=F%L=64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA



G!X.R!R;W=S








M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



















T1V97)T:6-A

T1F;VYT












G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

T1F;VYT+69A







T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M





M









\+V9O;G0^


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1V97)T:6-A














38P



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V97)T





2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











M:'0Z







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9G0Z



T1T97AT




M





38P.SPO9F]N











38P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M=W-P86X]


@;F]T



M


G!X.W!A9&1I


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




G!X.W!A










M:'0Z











M;VTZ





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.V)A


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



T0R


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9G0Z



T1T97AT

\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P

2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M93HQ






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M(S`P
#`P




#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M(%-T871E;65N='

M;&EO;G





M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$



T1F


G!X.W!A9&1I





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

;V-A


M

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI



T1T97AT



M;&4]

M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S






F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B














T1F;VYT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P











#`P






#`P








M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI








'!E;G-E+!N970\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T1F;VYT

M8WD@9F]R=V%R9'



M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
3`N



M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M




M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M;&4]

M;V8@9V]O9'

M/3-$






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BXX/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
#L@<F]W




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









F4Z.'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I


M;&4]

7!X('-O

M







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






T1F



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O



P
#`P




T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B







T1F;VYT



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P







M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T1F

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






F5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




M



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M.SY




M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
F4Z.'!T.V9O


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^9G)O;2!!3T-)/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BAI;F5F9F5C=&EV92!P;W)T:6]N
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]







G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E





M






#`P




\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
M
#`P




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXU/]F;VYT


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#`P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




#`P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED




P
#`P




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXU/]F



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







M





3!P=#MM


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M-W!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N=!O9B!G86EN(AL;W-S*2!R




#`P




#`P
#`P





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#MF





#`P




7!X('-O




#`P


M;VTZ



3`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


P
M
#`P




#`P



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3`N.#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN

M;F1E;G0Z

'!X






2!C;VQS




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M




3X\

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





2P@
C`Q

T1F




M


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O













38P










M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!;6]U;G0@;V8@9V%I;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV










M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1T






M;&4]







M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



M;&4]


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/F%N9!A;6]U;G0\+V9O
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



M;&4]

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



G!X

#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED







G!X.V)O






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W`Z







3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V]S=!O9B!G;V]D


T0R('-T

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



P
#`P





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N







F4Z.'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


#`P




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R

M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B








M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


'!X







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O


C`E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R








I
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T1F;VYT+69A






#`P




#`P
#`P



6QE





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
F4Z.'!T
F4Z


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M;&4]

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

'0M86QI

M





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@S-C0[,3(P(&UI;&QI;VX@=&5R;2!L;V%N
M(&1U92`R,#$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T
!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE(AE


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


P
#`P




P
M
#`P







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P
M

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P


M

#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



P
#`P



M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\







#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M:79A=&EV97

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYD97)I=F%T:79E/]F;VYT




P
#`P



G!X











P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






T1F;VYT

M8F]L9#L^*&5F9F5C=&EV92!P;W)T:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T1T97AT+6%L



M

T1T








P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


I(')E8V]G;FEZ960\+V9O;G0^
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT












M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT










M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXH,2XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3X\


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X


B!S='EL93TS



T0Q/CQD:78@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M:'0Z







M





38P.SPO9F]N


T1F





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F


T0R('-T

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M/3-$





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M







T1T










M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[


3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
#L@<F]W




#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.VUA

3`P)3MB



3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




C`Q
CPO9F]N

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E<FEV871I=F5S(&EN(&YE=!I

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^:6X@:6YC;VUE/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^;VX@


M;F4O/F5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYE9F9E8W1I=F5N


P
#`P


M





I(')E8V]G;FEZ960\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYI;B!I;F-O;64\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYO;B!D97)I=F%T:79E/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

T1N;VYE+SYA;F0@








@8W5R


T1V97)T








G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



G!X.W!A9&1I




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



X
S8T.S$R

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


#`P
#MP

M;VTZ





M9RUT;W`Z




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



F4Z.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P




M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




F4Z
M




'!X.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@97AP96-T




3!P




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@


3!P=#L^
RXP















M


T0R




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97


P
#`P









G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




6QE




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG















M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M








3(P)3MF;VYT







M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3



M;VTZ



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/FEN(&EN8V]M92!O;B!D97)I=F%T:79E



M














P
#`P


M/3-$



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C







M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M93HQ



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

M(S`P
#`P




#`P


M





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



65A<B!E;F1E9!$

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

;V-A



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!I;F-O;64@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV93PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^.XP/]F



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











G!X






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
XU/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X


M










M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



P
#`P







V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$







]


]

]
T1P

M8FEL:71I97


M93HQ




'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





P
#`P



G!X








F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C














M











'!T.SXU.3DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M











M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M93HQ




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXY
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O









B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
2PT
CDN-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R







M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M:79A=&EV97

@86YD(&]T:&5R('!O












5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q+U=O

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M(#(P








M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M
C


@86=R965D('1O(&EN




M;&4]

'!T.SXQ








3!P=#L^


M


M='

@

B




@=6YD







M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M;&4]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXR



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXR

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$




M










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z


M='


3!P=#L^

3!P
M=#L^
C`Q

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M93HQ

BXW(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M

C`N

3!P

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&%B;&4@8V]M;6ET;65N='

4[9F]N=US

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0X


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


M





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I



#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-3$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R










M93HQ
'!T.SXR




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]P97)A
M=&EN9R!
96%S97


'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5V4@;&5A





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P
M86X]


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY996%R/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*$EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.2XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ-XX/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M=#HS


M92!W87


3!P=#L^)#



3!P=#L^)#
T+C


3!P=#L^)#



M
'!T.SXR






'!T.SXR


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ








T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z
3!P=#L^26X@
C`P-BP@=V4@



M(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&%X+!C:79I;!A;F0@;&%B;W(@8V]N=&EN9V5N8VEE











3!P=#L^(&-A=&5G;W)I97











'!T.SXD



M(#(P

M=&%X(&-R961I='


3!P=#L^
M)#$S

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@87

3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M;W5R('1O=&%L(&5S=&EM871E(&]F('1H92!I;F1E;6YI='D@;&EA8FEL:71Y



'!T.SXD
34N




M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M92!T:&4@8V%S97

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M










M;&4]

'!T.SXD-C@N
M
F4Z,3!P=#L^+B!!<R!A(')E<W5L=!O9B!T:&5S92!C


M9FQO=W


M(&]F('1H92!V87)I;W5S('-T871E(&=O=F5R;FUE;G1S(&EN($)R87II;X@
M5&AE(')E8V]R9&5D('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!T87@L(&-I=FEL+!A;F0@;&%B






M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@86YD(')E;&%T



@86YN=6%L(&-A



2!B92!R97%U:7)E9X@5&AE<V4@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@87)E(&1E




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P







M97

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M;&EO;G


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG















M;&4]

'!T.SY86QA
M;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P




3!P=#L^





@:6X@97-T



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M




P
#`P






C!P








M





3!P=#L^)B
X




M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96-E;6)E<B`S
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P






F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE(&=A:6YS(AL;W-S97
I(')E8V]R

M=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G


I(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G

M('-T871E;65N='





M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P



P
#`P



G!X.V)O


#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R



M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS












P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YC;VUE


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

















3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






3!P=#L^)#$V+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1F;VYT+69A


38P.S
Q

3!P=#L^)#$T+C`@;6EL

T1F


M
38P.S






M97
@86YD(&QE9V%L(&%C=&EO;G
@:7
@97AP96-T960@=&\@:&%V92!A(&UA








M





38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT
F4Z
M,3!P=#L^+B8C,38P.U=H:6QE('=E(&EN=&5N9!T;R!V:6=O<F]U<VQY(&-H


M960L(&ES('5L=&EM871E;'D@=7!H96QD(&ET(&-O=6QD(&UA=&5R:6%L;'D@

N)B
Q-C`[0F%S960@











M












M





'!T.SXD
3
N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF




M07

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@=&AA=!W;W5L9!N;W0@8F4@;6%T



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A






86)A
M='0@0G)E=V5R:65S(&]F($-A;F%D82!

@3'1D+B!.;RX@0U8M
30M-3$X
#4Y

M4F5T86EL)B
Q-C`[26YC+B`H(D)222(I(&%N9!I=',@;W=N97)S+!I;F-L


@








@97-T86)L:7-H960@8GD@=&AE($=O=F5R;FUE;G0@

M:6]N(&]F(&)E97(@:6X@=&AE('!R;W9I;F-E+B!!9&1I=&EO;F%L;'DL('!R





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A



#M


C`Q




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F;VYT+69A


@82!S

M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q

2P@
C`Q-2P@870@=VAI8V@@=&EM92!A;&P@;V8@;W5R(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G



M9F9I8VEA;!D:7-M:7-S86P@;V8@=&AE(&QA=W-U:70@=V%S(&=R86YT960@
M8GD@=&AE(&-O=7)T(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R(#(T+`R


M







F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@
M,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[


M9V@@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
34N(%=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;F5T('-A;&5S(')E



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


BXS









'!X.W1E

F4Z
3!P=#L^5VAE;B!W92!D


@

M(&ES(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@







3!P=#L^(&]F9G-E



3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


T1F

'!T.SX@=V5R92`\+V9O


M93HQ







M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M




3!P


M93HQ

@8G5S:6YE

@:6X@




N(%=E(&AA=F4@97-T86)L:7-H960@


M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M




M4W5P97)F=6YD('-I=&4N(%1H:7
@;&%N9&9I;&P@:7
@;W=N960@8GD@=&AE


T1F

'!T.SXD
S`@;6EL;&EO

M;R!A('1R=7-T(&EN(#$Y.3
@87





M:&%T(&%M;W5N=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R



C`S



M=&EO;G





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M








3X\




M:'0Z




'!T
M.SXF(S@R

3!P=#L^)#$R




M/3-$



3X\9&EV


3!P=#MP861D



'!T.SXF(S@R











3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V

3!P=#L^82`\+V9O;G0^


M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HY-G!X





2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I




'!T.SYC97)T86EN(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@86YD(&UA:6YT96YA




F4Z
3!P=#L^







#



@86YD('=H870@8V]S
M='








M











M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ

3!P=#MF

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






'!T.SXR








5\T
M
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M




]


]
T1T



'!X.V9O;G0M





C`Q




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M




M;F]T97


F4Z,3!P=#L^('-E;FEO<B!N;W1E<R!D=64@,C`Q-RP@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





M8W5R960@8F%S:7





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1F;VYT+69A




@0V%P:71A;!&:6YA;F-E
M(BD@:7-S=65D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



3!P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ



T1F;VYT


M




M

#`P

#`@

@=VAI8V@@=V5R92!Q

@:6X@0V%N861A+B!)










@0V%P:71A;!&:6YA;F-E+!-0TD@3%`@86YD(&]T



#`@

@87




T1F

'!T.SY.;VYE(&]F(&]U


M;G-E8W5R960@8F%S:7

M97)A;X@4V5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&9O<B!D971A:6QS(&]F(&%L;!D96)T(&ES

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q
M+`R



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ






F4Z
3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG


M(&)E;F5F:71S(&EN('!R979I;W5S('EE87)S(&%N9!H879E(')E=FES960@
M;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#



M;&4]

'!T.SX@9F]R

M87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3



@;6%T97)I86P@=&\@=&AE('!R


'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O


@9F]R('1H

M











@






3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



@8V]L=6UN+B!)



M96EG:'0Z
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY-3TQ3
M3TX@0T]/4E,@0E)%5TE.1R!#3TU004Y9($%.1!354)3241)05))15
\+V9O


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M(S`P
#`P

M.SY$14-%34)%4B8C
38P.S


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA)3B!-24Q




M=W-P86X]


M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


T1T


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[9F]N=UW




M
#`P






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









#`P




3!P=#L^-PV-S8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





#`P




3!P=#L^
2PS-C`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC










#`P












#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]




M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P





3!P=#L^*#$L-#@R+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P









P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH
2PW.#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
L

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


C4N

M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#8T
XP/]F




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^.#`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M


M

'!T.SXH-#4N
3PO

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M


P
#`P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ



M








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#`N
SPO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ











M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;W-S*2!I;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXV
#(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#4T


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R












#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M



'!T.SXW




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^-#8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^*#4T

P
#`P

M/3-$











38P


P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW,C8N-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YT97)E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M










M/3-$










G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R






M/3-$




G!X



3X\


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#`P


3!P
M=#L^*#$Y


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



P
#`P


M




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^-3$T+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3DV+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P


3!P=#L^
M-3$W+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;W`Z

#`P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[


P
M
#`P










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P


3!P=#L^-3$W+C@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

!D
M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M




P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M;&4@(S`P
#`P




#`P













M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




M;&4]

'!T.SXH-3
Y
M+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A








M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M





3!P=#L^*#(W

#`P













M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXY-#@N.#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-3
Y+C



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

M/3-$




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M24Y'($-/35!!3ED@04Y$(%-50E-)1$E!4DE%4SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&3U(@



#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M




M


M=VED=&@Z




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P

G!X

M86X]




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


P
#`P



M

'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T1F

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O
M;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+#



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P




P
#`P

2!C;VQS







G!X





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
2PT.3$N

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
2PW.3

M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


L
CDS+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#@V+C@\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


#8N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ

3@N


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;W`Z


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB



P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^
2PS
C0N-#PO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C


!S;VQI




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



M(&-O;'-P86X]







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#
U-RXU


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






G!X




B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS









G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXH

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#(P



M;VTZ






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C4Q+C0\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3DN,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P

2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,#4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
S@X+C$\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#$W
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS













M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#
N

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ.XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY);F-O


M;F-O;64@=&%X97



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


P
#`P
#`[









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9RUT;W`Z

#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-C4T+C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M;W`Z


3!P=#L^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VTZ









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW-C@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


P
#`P


3X\





T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-30T+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A












T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M93HQ


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT


SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C






#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P








#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\







M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




3!P=#L^
2PP
C$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P






P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
2PQ-C@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

G!X.W!A
6QE/3-$9F]N

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV





'!T.SXW-C`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P


M

M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M93HQ


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9/



3(P)3MP861D



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X






C`Q





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




T0S


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXR





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXU+#8Q-2XP



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH
2PU
#
N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXH
2PV.3@N-3PO



T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


L
S
U+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[)R!R








M



M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
2PY-30N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#(L
S4R+C4\+V9O;G0^



'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X

#`P
M



3!P=#L^
C`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




#`P



3!P=#L^

M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#$Q





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M/3-$









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#
U+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M















M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH.#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\




T1F

'!T.SXS.3$N.3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI





M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT-3DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@R
#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A






M



'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






'!T.SXH


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
S`N



M





38P.SPO9F]N





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#@P+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#DP+C

T1V97)T:6-A



M(&]P97)A=&EO;G





#`P


3!P=#L^
C$W

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


P
#`P


3X\







M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P


M

T0G=F5R


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO






3X\





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXS.#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO










G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M;VTZ


M
















#`P







M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M


M

'!T.SXH
C`R+C@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY.970@
M:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@34-0SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P

2!C







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@R
#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-#0S+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



!D
M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
M
#`P






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X
6QE/3-$


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



P
#`P





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SXH
S8R+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3(P)3MP





M



M

#`P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M



T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C(P

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D











F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M86QI




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9RUT;W`Z




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W1T;VTZ










M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M/3-$







G!X.W!A







3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\









F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



SDQ+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N











M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^.30N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



S(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


M;W`Z



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T1V



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

P
#`P


Q



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXH,RPU-C0N.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T1F;VYT+69A

XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL



M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PU-S@N.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




T1F;VYT

L.#@S+CD\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B








M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL







BPU.#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M



M;W1T;VTZ





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]








M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
C



M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C;VQS






M:'0Z




M='


S$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


C(U+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




7!X('-O;&ED





M;W`Z
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
3(L-S

T0G





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


SPO9F]N=#X\







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

P
#`P
#`[




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F




T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




G!X.W!A






G!X.W!A







3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


#
N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



3([




M;VTZ





S`U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-S$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M









T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

3PO









Q
M




W
XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

T0R('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M



#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
BPQ-C$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPS,C4N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#DP-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A













3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXR+#,S-RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXR+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^











G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$




T1F;VYT+69A








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


34N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PR,3$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B@V+#@X




T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO







M



M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#,X,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R











B!S='EL




T1F


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



34X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M/B@Q+#(Q






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M

CL\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXW+#@V,BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS



7!X

3(L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$U+#




M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P


P
#`P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A













3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXR,BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L










M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M


#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB86-K



#`P







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P







#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
3
L.3DV+C

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


4T].


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^


M

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%3

#`P
#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

38P.S


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA)3B!-24Q





M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'=6%R86YT;W(@86YD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR





#`P

G!X

M86X]


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ






P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O
M;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M;&4]

38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0W5R<F5N=!A<W-E
M=',Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




G!X

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;&5N='








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z






2!C











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





T1F;VYT+69A



T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



3



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#


T1F


T1F




M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M













T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X






M
#`P




P
#`P


P
M
#`P







M
#`P





#`P


G!X







G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,30W+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-PQ
M.#4N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


RPS.#8N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X



3X\



M;&4]

Q+C`\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M



2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PQ-C$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


BPT
3@N-SPO





G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXV+#@R-2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



BPU
#8N-3PO9F]N=#X\

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








BPX











38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M93HQ



T0R('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M







T1F;VYT+69A



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

6QE/3-$)W9E

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,RPQ,#,N.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P



P
#`P



#`P



#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P


3X\


#`P
#MP


M
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P







T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M



M;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
34L-3@P+C$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ















M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










38P




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F




T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




G!X.W!A






G!X.W!A







3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



3([




M;VTZ








3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



3
X+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M











T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M:71I97

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M+#0R


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
2PU-#8N



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P




G!X.V)O




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P


P
#`P


3X\




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




2PX.38N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

Q







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

3([






L
C$S+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXT-3,N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


F4Z
M.'!T.SXV+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C









G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R















T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXQ+#8Y,RXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BPQ,S@N
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P





#`P




M



M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#4P,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M







P
#`P
M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P




3$L
C$S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV

P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.PV
#4N
CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#0X-RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




BPX



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I




T0G=F5R




M86X]




#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O





#`P
#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X












G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P




P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M/3-$




M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P


P
#`P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








T1F


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




L

M

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



38L.3$P+C0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P
#`[)R!R



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$L-S8V+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$


3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#
M3TY$14Y3140@0T].4T]
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&3U(@5$A%(%E%05(@14Y$



#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O.VUA


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$





#`P
M
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P
M
#`P







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P



M



M

M.7!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE=!C87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(AU


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#`P




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#4P-XW

P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA






M

R!S='EL

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9RUT;W`Z


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T0R





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

C4Y+C4\+V9O








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M4')O8V5E9'

T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M8G(@8VQE87(]

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





T1F;VYT+69A



B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXH
2PS.#@N











T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.7!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


2PS.#(N







CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



M;&4]

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


3`N



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^*#$N



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I









P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N






T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXR,3@N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


V



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P





7!X



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P


P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,V,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


G!X.V)O




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P





#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F;VYT+69A

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M:79I9&5N9'



M

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[












M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

N-CPO9F]N






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W`Z


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$




2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

T1F;VYT+69A



'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T1F;VYT


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



M;&4]

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.7!T.SXH






M(&-O;'-P86X]













M9RUT;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.7!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD










M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X







@



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


3$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^*#






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M

S0N
SPO

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






@

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#8U+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D







T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M





M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T













3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z






3X\



M;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A



B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



P
#`P



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#4W,BXT/]F


#`P




7!X('-O;&ED




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

U+C8\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


P
M
#`P

M;&4]













38P


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X

#`P
M



M



F4Z.7!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-!4T@@04Y$($-!
M4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








3X\9&EV('-T



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@










M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M/3-$














!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P







P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3
N
#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED








T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


F4Z.7!T.SXV,C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE



M:'0Z
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#3TY$14Y3
M140@0T].4T],241!5$E.1R!35$%414U%3E0@3T8@0T%32!&3$]74SPO9F]N

3(P)3MP861D:6YG




Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&@]
T0T

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY087)E;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E
6QE/3-$

6QE







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


F4Z



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X.W!A







3X\





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


G!X






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z






2!C;VQS





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W1T;VTZ







G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P


Q


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M/3-$











T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












G!X.R!R





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q









M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M97


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$L,3@V+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D





T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]









M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


2PQ-#8N
#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PQ-#8N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




T1V97)T:6-A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.970@8V%S:!P

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M

M
#`P





#`P




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA





XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


G!X.V)O




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]





7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M










38P





#`P



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.W!A








M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP





M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M



'0M86QI

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T.SX\9F]N



F4Z.7!T.SY$
M:79I9&5N9',@<&%I9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M

M

M86X]



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X








B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI






T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I





M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T1V

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




34N



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B








M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z.7!T
M.SY087EM96YT<R!O;B!S:&]R=UT97)M(&)O<G)O=VEN9W


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXH

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


3$Y+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M;W`Z



@9G)O;2!S971T








M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[












M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A






T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R





M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]



M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N






M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q



M;&4]







G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*#
V




7!X('-O;&ED







M



'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


M

M
#`P




M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F


M





M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#05-(($%.1!#05-(($5154E604Q%3E13.CPO9F]N=#X\




#`P
#`P



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M:'0Z





M

R!S='EL

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

30N-3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXH

T1V97)T:6-A




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L










M










M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O
M9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I





M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P


3X\9&EV





T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3`S+C`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T







#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXT-#(N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY-3TQ33TX@0T]/4E
@0E)%5TE.1R!#3TU004Y9($%.1!3
M54)3241)05))15,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R



\+V9O


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA


P
#`P
#`[


M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^

















M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

C0Q+C8\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


X
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

U+C0\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N












G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M1DQ/5U


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#





#`P
#`P


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF





M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


BXX

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

C(R+C
\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^4')O8V5E9'



M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXX/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V






T1F



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M





M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*#$L

T1V97)T



G!X.W!A9&1I





X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X







M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



M93HQ



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#DN,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



@9G)O

\+V9O;G0^








M/3-$






M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$Q,XV

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#$Q



M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A







M;VTZ


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



7!X('-O




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

M/3-$


P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P






#`P






M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^0T%32!&3$]74R!&4D]-($9)3D%.0TE.1R!!

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



R!S






#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N


P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T

M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







3X\9&EV('-T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V













M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



M













M




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*#(S











X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z



G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI










B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXH,C<N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E










G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

F4Z.'!T.SXH,C<N
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N






F4Z
M.7!T.SY$96)T(&ES<W5A;F-E(&-O<W1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]






M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



G!X.W!A9&1I




M;'-P86X]





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M








CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


BPQ.34N




M9!C87!I=&%L(&QE87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M

M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M




T1F;VYT




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A










3X\





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




T1V

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


T1F;VYT+69A

M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

#4N
#PO9F]N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1V

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


2!F:6YA;F-I;F<@

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
2PV.3$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL



M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PQ-S$N-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


14Y44SH\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P





M;'-P86X]




G!X



M

38P.SPO




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0Q,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0X


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

3([






M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

2PP

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E(&%T




T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3@Y+C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C0Y+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



3@T+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P

M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O








M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXV,C0N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


]



M







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M







M:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@*%5N875D:71E9D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





T0S



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L


T1V97)T:6-A














38P







M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P














G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#@R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






T1F;VYT




M/3-$

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z















3X\




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#$X.XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R









'!T.SXQ+#$V.XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXY-S
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






B!S='EL93TS


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#8X


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#8R
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#(L-#DS+C




M;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





#`P



3!P=#L^

M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z

M

'!T.SXU
#$N-#PO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N







#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT







G!X.R!R;W=S




P
#`P




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X


M








'!T.SXR.3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^*#

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M86X]






3!P=#L^

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
38S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


XY/]F;VYT/CPO


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M.30N

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


!S;VQI









3!P=#L^0F%S:6
@;F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S







G!X


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL



M:'0Z

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M







W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ


W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$


G!X.W!A


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU
M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C4W/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,XR


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY87-I8R!N970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M




F4Z
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR



F4Z


3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M1G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M











T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH


M9RUT;W`Z









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
BXW-CPO9F]N





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X




@0G)E=VEN

P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
XX.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

7!X('-O;&ED





!S;VQI









P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D




P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W5R=&@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X.W!A



#L\+V9O


M


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA);B!M:6QL:6]N<RP@97AC97!T('!E<B!S:&%R92!D
M871A*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X










T1F

'!T.SXH
S4V+C
\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L














3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXH-#8Q+C
\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
2PW.3
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


\

T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X


3!P=#L^


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#$W



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH-30W+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH-C0T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXR.#$N

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
2PV

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


R!S='EL93TS



M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




M;W`Z
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M


G!X.W!A9&1I


W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






G!X

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXU-C4N
SPO






G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M
S0N

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


!S;VQI





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z


M93HQ


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@












M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

6QE/3-$




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]












3!P=#L^

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$



I

@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY






#`P



3!P=#L^
XQ-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
2XT-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X

#`P



M;&4]




7!X('-O








#`P




T1F;VYT+69A










#`P









P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M:'0Z




T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q
M/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4],T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

6QE


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@












M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z











3!P=#L^

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1G)O;2!D:7-C


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R














M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C0U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P

M/3-$






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+C`X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T





3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M(&%M;W5N='



M


'!X

M/3-$



3X\9&EV


3!P=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M97)I;2!P97)I;V1S('=I=&AI;B`R


M;&5S('9O;'5M97
@=6YD97(@52Y3+B!'04%0+!W:&EC:!P97)M:71S('1H

@



M:&4@;F5X=X@1'5R:6YG('1H92!F:7)S=!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P
30L('=E





@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@;6%N





38P.U1H92!C:&%N





5\T
C8Y7SDQ
M-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M86X]

#$T



M2$5$54Q%($E)/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-#2$5$54Q%)B
Q-C`[24D\+V9O


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH24XF(S$V
#M-24Q
24].4RD\+V9O

M;&4]


T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYO9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ







T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^:6UP86-T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P




M;VTZ











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N
















T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S











3!P=#L^
3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
3`N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



CMC=7)R96YT('1R



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S



'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXQ+C$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD








T1F;VYT





M/3-$




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z











3!P=#L^
2XV




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




#MP861D:6YG+71O



M/3-$




3!P=#L^









T1F;VYT+69A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






2!C






















M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+C$\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C





F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

T1V

M93HQ

T1V











T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXH


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$

C`Q







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

@






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#MP861D:6YG+71O



M/3-$













T1F;VYT+69A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH-XW/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z









G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




3X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


2P@
C`Q
M






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



G!X








M











'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3(\






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A




C`E.V9O

M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

2P@



3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$



M


3!P


M93HQ



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








T1F;VYT+69A






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M8V5M8F5R(#


M9RUT;W`Z
















M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^*#`N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ




#MP861D:6YG+71O





T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
S@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M:6YG/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M:71E+6]F9G







M


M




M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M86QL;W=A;F-E(&EN($-H:6YA+B!3964@4&%R=8C,38P.TE))B,X,C$R.TET
M96TF(S$V,#LX($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!3=7!P;&5M96YT
M87)Y($1A=&$L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
M




]





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



T1T;W`^
6QE


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A



M8V5M8F5R(#

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q



Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


#$S(&ES(&EM;6%T97)I86P@=&\@=&AE(&-O;G-O


]





F4Z
3!P






M;V8@
C`Q








\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^3W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P@<W1A



@87)E(')E


]

M92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





N(%1H92!C;W-T(&]F('9A


L('-U8V@@87







3(P)3MP861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3HQ









F4Z
M








@87)E(&EN8VQU




N


M97



@;V8@9&5L:79E





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M.C


3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='
@;6%D92!T;R!C






M


I





@:6YC=7)R960@:7

@9&ES8V]U









@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M

M;G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A


@8V]L
M;&5C=&5D(&9R;VT@8W5S=&]M97)S(&%N9!R96UI='1E9!T;R!T87@@875T
M:&]R:71I97

@87
@82!R




M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
















T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M+6EN9&5N=#HS




@;VX@
M8F]T:!L;V-A;!A;F0@;F%T:6]N86P@;&5V96QS('=I=&AI;B!O=7(@;W!E



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR










3!P=#L^+!A;F0@/]F;VYT




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M=#HS



M;VX@:6YC;'5D97

M97-O=7)C97
@86YD(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N('1E8VAN;VQO9WDL('=H:6-H(&-O




M(&]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;G


@











@;V8@
M=&%X(&1E9'5C=&EO;G







M

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M


M9&5N=#HS








M.SXF(S@R












M;7!O;F5N='

]

]
T1T




M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z





6EN9R!E





M92P@4&]L:6-Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M


@=&\@9FEN86YC92!O=7(@








M

]

M

M;VTZ





3!P=#L^3W5R(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92D@







@;&EN92!I=&5M+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M










T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T






M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M:'0Z



M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]















3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
3
N

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V







M

M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


3!P=#L^1V%I



M*#0I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
C4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


N
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M





P
#`P





P
#`P

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P














3X\




M:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N


3!P=#L^26X@
3DY
M





@:6X@
C`Q


M;B`R




2!W:71H:6X@;W5R(&9O<FUE<B!I


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@86UO=6YT(&ES(&$@



#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@9V%I;B!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H


M



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH

M;&4]



C`Q
BX@4V5E(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3
L()$96)T(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O




M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^26X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@

#`P


M;6]V96UE;G0@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@175R;R!A;F0@55-$('!R:6]R('1O('5S



@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AI<R!A;6]U;G0@87)E(&=A:6YS
M(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(S+C@@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S











M:7
@9F]R96EG;BUD96YO;6EN871E9!D96)T+B!3964@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



'!T.SY.




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[/B0Q+C0@


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3
\+V9O


M93HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[











M96%R;FEN9W




[9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z8F]L9#L^(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN

@86YD(&]F


M(&%L;&]W86YC97

M=&%I;G1I97


@9V5N97)A=&5D(&9R;VT@;F5T
M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97





@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R









@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]F
















3(P








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;&4]


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYD97)I=F%T:79E/]F




P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F;VYT



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V














M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI








T0R('-T




M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M='

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A9&1I







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A

B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





C!P






F4Z.'!T.SY096YS:6]N







M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



V
M+C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M












3X\

T1F;VYT





M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M






M/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S(N-CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







7!X



G!X.V)O






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



T1F

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P



G!X

#`P
M







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P


M


P
#`P

M






M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T1F;VYT


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]





M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH
2D\

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXU,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,30N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3(P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


S0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M










M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



3X\9&EV


G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXH

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


3PO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N







#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B








#`P





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(X,BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




M/B@X
3@N



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R




N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


3([






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


BXS

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

C!P






F4Z.'!T.SY!;6]R=&EZ




M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

RXP






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M



M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

F4Z.'!T.SY487@@8F5N969I=`H97AP

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*#
Q+C

T1V97)T:6-A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T



T1F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P


M/3-$


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



P
#`P


M




M;W`Z



T1F;VYT


P
#`P

T1F


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

2!C



#`P




#`P



M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\



M.C$R




'!T.SXD
M*#(N

3!P=#L^)#$N



M

'!T.SXR







'!T.SXR












M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M/3-$


3(P





M97(@;V8@
C`Q


#$R('1O(')E

@


@=&%X(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0L('=H








M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M97
@;V8@;W5R($-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E(&]P97)A=&EO;G



3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@


@;V8@;W5R($-E;G1R86P@175R
M;W!E(&]P97)A=&EO;G


3!P
M=#L^
C`Q








M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T0U
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M




M





38P.SPO9F]N


#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]




T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





M;&4]





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY'86EN+RAL;W-S*2!O







G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\










T1F;VYT












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^*#$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$






G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O

M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^


I(')E8VQA


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M*#(N



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^*#(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
BXT




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C












M






T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P









P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#4V+C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3,N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M




P
#`P




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B






M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH-#
N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M
'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3!P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SX@9F]R(&%D9&ET





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@;V8@8V%S:!O;B!H86YD(&%N9!B86YK(&1E



3!P=#L^)B



3!P=#L^

M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P
3

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E






T1V97)T





3!P=#L^


M



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
3
V+C

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P=#L^


M

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXY
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z
















M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


T+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@










T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ









@;V8@



]




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N




M8VEP871E9!O;B!T:&4@86-C;W5N=',@86YD(&YO=&5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@
M8F%L86YC97,N(%=E(&-A;&-U;&%T92!T:&ES(&%L;&]W86YC92!B87-E9!O

L



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P


3!P=#L^

L






#`P

M;VYE.SXD











T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M






3(P)3MP861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3HQ

M=7(@:6YV96YT;W)I97




M;&4]

'!T.SXD
RXP





#`P
M

38P.S

M

#`P


38P.S


]

\+W1D



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

@:6YC
M;'5D92!O=7(@:6YV96YT;W)I97

L('=H:6-H(&%R

@86YD(&UA:6YT96YA;F-E(&]F





@87)E(&EN=F5N=&]R











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M=VEN9R!R86YG97



M93HQ
'!T.SXR

T1F

'!T.SXT
#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


















F4Z
3!P=#L^












M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T.SXF(S$V








38P.WEE87)S(&9O









3!P=#L^('EE87)S+#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










M:6YD96YT.C
F4Z





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD
M($]T:&5R($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P












M='







@9F]R












N(%1H92!C:&%N9V4@:6X@86-C;W5N







@










M
#`P



Q

38P











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O


M;&4]

'!T.SYN;SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



]
M










M960@:6X@:&5D9V4@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!R96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S(&%S('=E;&P@
M87

@=71I;&EZ960@87
@96-O;F]M:6
@:&5D









M86YC97





'!X


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



M9W
@96%C:!P97)I;V0@86YD(&%R92!A;'-O(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN('1H92!S
M86UE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G0@;&EN92!I=&5M(&%S('1H92!H961G
M960@:71E;2]F;W)E8V%S=&5D('1R86YS86-T:6]N+B!#87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R
M;VT@=&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!B



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY);B!A8V-O<F1A;F-E
M('=I=&@@875T:&]R:71A=&EV92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&=U:61A;F-E+!W92!D


M;W)M86P@4V%L92`H(DY03E





]




@86YD(')E9W5L871I;VYS+B!!




@*)/4$5(BD@=&\@=&AE(&UA




3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

@86X@87-S970@;W(@
M;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@

M('1H92!Y96%R(&EN('=H:6-H('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&]C8W5R('=I=&AI;B!/

@


@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M9&5N=#HS



M='1R:6)U=&5D(&)Y('1H92!P;&%N(&)E;F5F:70@9F]R;75L82!T;R!E;7!L



@8F%S

N($%C8W5M

M97-E;G0@=F%L=64@;V8@8F5N969I='
@*'=H971H97(@=F5S=&5D(&]R('5N
M=F5S=&5D*2!A='1R:6)U=&5D(&)Y('1H92!P;&%N(&)E;F5F:70@9F]R;75L



M(&1A=&4N($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!D:69F97)S


M=&EO;B!L979E;'




F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!P<F]J96-T960@8F5N969I=!O

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!M87)K970M



















3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O


Q-C`[
28C.#(Q
CM);G!U='
@


M(&AA=F4@=&AE(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@86-C97-S(&%T('1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N



T1F

'!T.SY

M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



38P.VEN=&5R97-T(')A=&5S+!Y:65L9!C=7)V97










@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


F4Z,3!P=#L^07-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI







@87)E

M;G



L(&]T:&5R('1H86X@
M55-$+!I;F-L=61E('1H92!#86YA9&EA;B!$;VQL87(@*)#040B*2P@=&AE


V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D
M8C0W.60R9&4T







M:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(A486)L97


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0V%S:!&


]





F4Z
3!P=#L^






M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q
R4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q
















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\

'!T.SX\9F]N












3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A






M83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y






]

T1)1#!%
M



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

M;VXL(%-T871E;65N='



M9F]R;6$@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&ES(&YO=!I;G1E;F1E9!T
M;R!R969L96-T('1H92!P97)F;W)M86YC92!W:&EC:!W;W5L9!H879E(&%C


M97)A=&EO;G

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C












3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



M;&4]



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

F4Z,3!P=#L^-PR-3<N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW
C`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









2!C





'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS



M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT






M=&4@;V8@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`Q
BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO
M=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




]



M

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ










M=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0X


2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I












38P




2!C






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M










G!X



3X\

3!P=#L^4V5N:6]R(&1E8G0@
F4Z
3!P





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
RPP-#8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M96EG:'0Z


2!C;VQS









M



M










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M







P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
RPT
C@N
M

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M





M


3!P
M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L






M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T












T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O







M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(&-A<V@@86-Q=6ER960@86YD
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N





@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


@;V8@=&AE(%-$4$\@86=R965M96YT+B!4:&4@4T103R!W
M87




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W`Z


'!T.SX\9F]N


M871I;VYS(&]F('1H92!C87-H(&9L;W=S('5S960L('=H:6-H(&%R92!I;F-L
M=61E9!W:71H:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@8V%S

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0X



M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M




M;&4]




G!X





\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH






2!C




M96EG:'0Z



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M;&4]

'!T.SY&:6YA

T1V97)T

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^-#(T+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#8X,RXQ/]F;VYT







M;VTZ



M/3-$

3!P=#L^3F]N+6-A




M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH





G!X.R!R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E







M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT




M2G5N92`R.2P@
C`Q
BP@9F]R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


2XT(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



M5&EM97


M;&4]


3X\+W1D



M









T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

30S+C8@;6EL;&EO

M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
M


T1F




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3
L()$96)T(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


@
M;V8@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`Q

@=V5R


M(&AA;&8@;V8@
C`Q


C`Q





UR96QA=&5D(')E<V5R=F5S+!I;F-L
M=7-I=F4@;V8@<&]S=U!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T+B!3


3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q.2P@(D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT
M:6YG96YC:65S(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0X


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P


G!X


6QE


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X



3X\









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I











T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0X,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ


P
#`P

M




P
#`P

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






'!T.SXX-#DN
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-#4V




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#$Y,2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M






M










'!T.SXX.38N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



@

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(&EN=F5N






M

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
BD\



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^('EE87(@=7-E9G5L(&QI9F4L(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

R

T1F

'!T.SX@9F]R(&)R86YD


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD
3(N



M
#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\



M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^26YC;'5D97

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0R
RXT(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M


'0M9&5C;W)A
M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD-#(U+C<@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#4I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M/3-$


3(P










M

'!T.SY.;W1E(#$R



M930R



]
T1R


]



]




@871T



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0G=F5R


M;&0[/EEE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M





#`P

G!X

M86X]




P
#`P










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



P
#`P


G!X






T0S


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P





P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#4N



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B








M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH




T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R







M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXU-C$N.#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^*#$S+C







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^-3@V+C






G!X.R!R;W=S




M














G!X.R!R




M/3-$














G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#8Y+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ












M/3-$



I(&9R;VT@


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^-3$W+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M93HQ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B










T1F;VYT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L











T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3$S+C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


@3F5W


T1W:61T






4[9F]N=US

T1F


M
38P.S






3!P=#L^


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#(I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M


3(P)3MF




'!T.SY




F4Z
3!P=#L^(&YO;BUC87-H(&EM



3!P=#L^(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@

3!P=#L^3F]T92`Q
M





M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH




'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L

M.SY996%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


P
#`P


G!X


6QE


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








P
#`P


M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B




M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^*#0N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

T1V97)T:6-A

F4Z,3!P=#L^26YT97)E<W0@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M



M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M



'!T.SXU
SDN


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG















T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]










T1F




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M




G!X





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU-S`N-3PO9F]N=#X\









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





T1F;VYT



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1V97)T:6-A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0W)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C






M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1F

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


P
#`P



M:'0Z

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DU#
M23PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY%;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T1F

M:6=H=#HQ






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0R-B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F5T('-A





3!P=#L^
BPP
S8N.#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#DQ-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M








T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-2XV




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+C


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T1F;VYT




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


XY/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



M














G!X.R!R




M/3-$














G!X










G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P


P
#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










3X\






3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P












M9VAT.C$R



'!T
M.SXH




34L(#(P
3(N




M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SY297!R

@9G)O;2!T:&4@175R;W!E('-E
M9VUE;G0@=&\@=&AE($U#22!S96=M96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO


]



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


P
#`P







P
#`P


G!X


6QE



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M
#LS
2P@
C`Q

T1F

T0W











T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXU+#4S



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV+#$P


M



M



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
BPU






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










P
#`P

M









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T







M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M


M93HQ

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X.W!A



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B8C







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M











M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXS+C0\









M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXY+C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


Q
M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P


M










38P

P
#`P
#`[






#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^
C`T


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3(N
CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

2!C








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





P
M
#`P










M.C$R



'!T.SXH
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



T0U


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P







G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/B8C

#LS
M
2P@

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P

M


3$@



'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^3F5T('-A;&5S('1O('5N869F:6QI871E9!C




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z


M





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
2PX
SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ






@=&5R


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^.3@N
3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3`W+C
\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


C8Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXQ+#(Q.XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS

















M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^.3DY


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXV-C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


30V
M+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ





#8N
3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#DQ-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^







M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M96YT*2P@87





]



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT



M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B8C


M
#LS
2P@

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F




G!X.R!R;W=S








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M


3!P


M93HQ








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY5;FET960@4W1A



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


X+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXU,#,N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT+7-I





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-C$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M




\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O













M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R;W=S





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O




]








M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M




3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

38P.SPO9F]N


#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


38P.S



3X\














M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M







M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#@T,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P


3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






P
#`P

M



P
#`P
M











M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





!D;W5B;&4@(S`P,#`P,#LG(')O=W-P86X],T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4],T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M:71I97

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
2PU-S@N.#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
C`N-SPO




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXW+#0W
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


@;V8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V














3!P=#L^-RPQ
M-SDN



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^-RPT-S`N-SPO9F]N=#X\



F4Z,3!P=#L^34-0R!E8V]N;VUI8R!I;G1E<F5S=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9RUT;W`Z

#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
RPQ


7!X('-O






@



M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-C8Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






T1F;VYT




M/3-$

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
S4N











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M







#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




3!P



M:7
@8F%S:7


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z

3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









38P

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M(S$V
#LS
2P@

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P





T1V



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
RPQ








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ


P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
RPP-S$N

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M;&4]




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#(Q,2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X



3X\

3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A


M



4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C=P=#XH

M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#$Y
XY/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M





M;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


@9F]R
M(#(P











M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
Q+C@@;6EL;&EO




M='

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P












3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ+#






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M+#(W







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X







M







#`P



2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]




7!X


T1F

'!T.SXU
#`N
CPO9F]N

7!X('-O





M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N($U#0D
@8V]N

B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










3X\9&EV









M










3X\9&EV('-T






P
#`P

M








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P





!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M;G

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



T0U
R4@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$







3!P=#L^
3
N
3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
38N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


W
M+C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXQ



M93HQ




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG




]








3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M






M/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



M





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]













3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

M930R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E





M8RX@
S$L(#(P





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M

3!P=#MF;VYT



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T






M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M:'0Z



M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]















3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
3
N

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V







M

M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


3!P=#L^1V%I



M*#0I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
C4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


N
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M





P
#`P





P
#`P

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P














3X\




M:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N


3!P=#L^26X@
3DY
M





@:6X@
C`Q


M;B`R




2!W:71H:6X@;W5R(&9O<FUE<B!I


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@86UO=6YT(&ES(&$@



#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@9V%I;B!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H


M



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH

M;&4]



C`Q
BX@4V5E(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3
L()$96)T(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O




M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^26X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@

#`P


M;6]V96UE;G0@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@175R;R!A;F0@55-$('!R:6]R('1O('5S



@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AI<R!A;6]U;G0@87)E(&=A:6YS
M(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(S+C@@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S











M:7
@9F]R96EG;BUD96YO;6EN871E9!D96)T+B!3964@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



'!T.SY.




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[/B0Q+C0@


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3
\+V9O


M93HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
M,V$Y,C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T,C$-D-O;G1E;G0M

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ




M:7
@87




M;CTS1#$R(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q

T0Q




T0Q)2!R




T0Q)2!R;W=S






P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,#DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P













M(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I='



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M



T0U


2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0G=F5R=&EC




@96YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



38P.S
Q

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
C(N






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^-3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

P
#`P






3!P=#L^
C@N












M;VTZ






'!T.SXV.XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M.#(N

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P









3!P=#L^


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^-3DN-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z










M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M.#(N


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









38P

P
#`P
#`[















7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

7!X('-O











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4W1A='5T;W)Y($9E9&5R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


G!X

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V






F4Z
M








G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M



'!T.SXH
C0N










38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
C0N

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









2!C;VQS





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M











'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\9F]N




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$N-3PO9F]N=#X\




2!C









'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3W1H97(L(&YE=#PO





'!T.SXR+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L
M93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N











T1F


M(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F(&QO=V5R(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;F-O;64@








3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^+B!);B!A




!B96YE9FET<R!P<FEM87)I




F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9!T:&4@97AP:7)A





M86)O=F4M;65N=&EO;F5D($%002!S971T;&5M96YT(&1R;W9E('1H92!S;&EG

M

3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


#$R
M('1O(#(P
3














M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0V-R4@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C


M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.S




3X\9&EV







M:'0Z











M




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M









G!X.W!A






'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(&=A:6XO;&]S



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M/3-$



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO





'!T.SXH-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M












M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



P
#`P


M


P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M-SDN

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0W5R<F5N=!D969E<G)E9!T87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97,Z/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M86X]






3!P=#L^
38P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ


P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M;W`Z



M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A








'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T








T1F;VYT+69A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
30N


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M96EG:'0Z








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^.XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS









M

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D






3X\9&EV









M










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









'!T

M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$P



M;W1T;VTZ






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
SDN.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M

M
#`P



M


P
#`P


M

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4&%R

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SX\9F]N










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^.3

M;&4]










M:'0Z







3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












M





M;&4]

'!T.SXU+C4\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^5&]T86P@;F]N


G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^.3(X+C$\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M









M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








G!X.R!R;W=S





M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


T0P



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT





M(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@96YD:6YG(#(P
3







T1F


M;W-S97



C`Q
R!P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


R









M960@9&]M97-T:6




M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='



M93HQ


M='5A=&EO;G




















'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

'!T.SXD
3
T+CD@;6EL

T1F


M
38P.S

3!P=#L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


@=&AA=!D;R!N
M;W0@97AP:7)E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



@:7

2!O9B!O=7(@9&5F97)R




M=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97


3!P


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,3,\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<CX\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M26X@;6EL;&EO;G


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^1&]M97-T:6




G!X


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]








G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXR
BXR

P
#`P


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R














M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M;&4]

'!T.SXW-#8N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P





]
T1R




M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXF(S$V



#`P

M


M;&4]




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I



#L\+V9O;G0^


G!X

6QE





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
3


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^061D:71I




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


N-SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^.XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C









G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH

M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#`N








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F





M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
3
W+CD\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T











T0U


2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM









R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P



M:'0Z


#LR.2P@
M
C`Q




M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M17-T:6UA=&5D(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X


M








'!T.SXW+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT







M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-#DN-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M

M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z








M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXP+C

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
C4N-#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P

P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P





#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


#`P

M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#DN,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]












T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO

M(%-P96-I86P@271E;7



3!P=#L^


M





M=&@]



M






M86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[

#$T

P
#`P














38P


#LR.2P@
C`Q
M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY%;7!L;WEE92UR96QA=&5D(&-H87)G97
\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
3`N-CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
3`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
30N-3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^





M



'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXP+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXQ+C

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#86YA9&$@+2!);G1A

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X





C`E

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

V





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXW+C(\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M8V]S='




M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A



G!X



3X\

T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



3(P)3MF

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\






M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH-BD\+W-U

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#0N
M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I















T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


3!P=#L^0V%N
M861A(T@5&5R;6EN871I;VX@9F5E(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

3(P)3MF

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH-C
N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3
N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





C!P













M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P


3X\9&EV






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXR
#`N
#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z.'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




'!T.SXH

T1V


M;&4]

'!T.SY.;W1E





M97


3(L


3!P=#L^

@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97




T0P(&-E;&QS



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





F4Z,3!P=#L^3F]T
M92`Q,BP@(D=O;V1W:6QL(&%N9!);G1A;F=I8FQE($%S<V5T<R(\+V9O;G0^


M

M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


3
L('=E



3!P=#L^
3
N
M






M=VEL;!R96-E:79E('1H92!R96UA:6YD97(@870@=&AE(&5N9!O9B!T:&4@

S`L(#(P
M















T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M











M9VAT.C$R



'!T

M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M8V5M8F5R(&]F(#(P
3
L('=E('-O;&0@;W5R(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN('1H92!-


3!P



3!P=#L^)#4N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

3(L(&%S('=E;&P@87

M


3!P=#L^(&]F('!R;V-E961S(')E






3!P=#MC

#`P


M=&5R(&]F(#(P



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M







M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


C`Q




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M

#`P





M(&ET96TN(%1H92!A;6]U;G1S(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@



M




3X\+W1D




M

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD
RXY(&UI;&QI;VX\





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


C`Q




M

T1F;VYT+69A




#$S+B!4
M:&5S92!L;W-S97



T0P




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^57!O;B!T97)M:6YA





T1F;VYT+69A





T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I
M9'1H.C$P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]






R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M




M86X]


#`P




T1F


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO


T0Q

M

M86X]





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X


M








'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3DN.#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X





M


3!P


M93HQ


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#(Y+`R



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M






M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$











M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH


#`P
#`P








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXP+C

T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





M
S$L(#(P
3

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M











'!T.SXR-XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



M






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M


3!P=#L^*#$S


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ







M


3!P


M93HQ


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\







T1F





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#(N-CPO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M861J=7-T;65N='



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ





3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P


P
#`P



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#








G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED










G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P











5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S
M83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y


M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]









3!P=#L^

M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



F(S$V



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M


38P.T$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





G!X.W!A9&1I



#L\+V9O;G0^


G!X

6QE



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M







3!P=#L^



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY3:&%R97

M;G


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N








3!P=#L^
2XU







F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





F4Z

M

'!T.SXQ-C0N
CPO

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N







M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS









M

'!T.SY3:&%R97
@


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
XS/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M







CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+C

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M




M;VTZ



M/3-$










#`P


M
3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P








@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HT






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R
M-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T


T0G




M/3-$


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]





M




@=&AE(&5F9F5C

M;F1E;G0Z

'!X




T0U


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C


M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT












G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXU
30N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



P
#`P


M





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXT-#
N
M

P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^5V5I9VAT960M



3!P


M93HQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^169F96-T(&]F(&1I;'5T
M:79E('-E8W5R:71I97


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
XU/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M:&%R97

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#8N,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

M
#`P



3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X.W!A


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M

M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
'0M:6YD96YT.BTR-'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^0F%S:6
@;F5T(&EN


G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z






M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





































P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#L^

P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P


M93HQ

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





@97AC;'5D960@9G)O















M=&@]

M=&@]



M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.S


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q








M

'!T.SY3=&]C:R!O


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ




#`P
#MF

#$S

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[9F]N=US='EL93IN;W)M86P[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L.W1E

3!P=#L^







2!W97)E



3

M:!W97)E(&]U=UO9BUT:&4M;6]N97D@=7!O;B!S971T;&5M96YT+B!4:&4@


@:&%D(&YO(&EM






'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^26X@2G5N
M92`R

V-#LU
#`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



V-#LU


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3
L()$96)T(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O

M97


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,V$Y,C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?
M.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T,C$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T

T0G=&5X




M



]





M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[

#$T

P
#`P







G!X



3X\

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT










3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





T1F;VYT+69A





M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ









38P



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$




'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X






'!T.SY3;V9T=V%R93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3(P+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








M

M
#`P



3!P=#L^
RPQ-#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M


P
#`P
M









M







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


T

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]






]





M(&=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M






M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




#`P

G!X

M86X]




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L






T1V



M870@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P

M;&4]





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXW-C0N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXR+#0U

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&-U











3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M*#$I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,34N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#$U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ












M/3-$





3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXW+C
\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR+#0Q.XW/]F;VYT/CPO










3!P


M93HQ




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






2!C











T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M(#




P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
2PU
C@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



P
#`P


M

P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
BPQ.3$N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQT86)L92!C96QL<&%D9&EN9STS1#`@8V5L;'-P86-I





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M/3-$


3(P




'!T.SY/;B!*=6YE(#$U+`R,#$R+!W92!C


3

3!P=#L^)#$U+C0@




M(#(P
3



'!T.SY.;W1E(#
L()!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!O
M9B!3=&%R0F5V(CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



M=6QE(&]F(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&5X8VQU9&EN9R!G;V]D=VEL;#PO







'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S(&1E
M=&%I;'


M.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V




T0Q
2!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^26YT




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0G)A



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH
C(Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X



3X\




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
C(N
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M









M(S$V
#LM)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
S$N-SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M971S(&YO=!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


F4Z,3!P=#L^26YD969I;FET93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R














'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z




M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^





G!X






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#$Q-2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P

M/3-$


P
#`P
#`[)R!R









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S
M(&1E=&%I;'

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M




#`P



3X\






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT


M



#`P
M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O
M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;&4]






38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXS)B
Q-C`[+28C



2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M-3




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


Q
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C4U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU


G!X.W!A









M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M







G!X







M





38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXU+#0X

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M






M:'0Z







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXY-3(N
SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M

3!P=#L^26YD969I;FET

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
34N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M




G!X






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P



3!P=#L^-BPX
C4N

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q
M+`R



E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



P
#`P






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



G!X




M




G!X.R!R








M













G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3X\




G!X.R!R








M











'!T.SXQ


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3X\




G!X.R!R








M











'!T.SXQ



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W
M.60R9&4T




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]



]

M97


M:6YG/3-$




M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


@=V5R92`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD
M

M;&4]

'!T.SXT-RXR










M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F







M;V]L+B`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





6QE



V
M-#LQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS
M,2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


3!P
M=#L^
C`N




'!T.SX@

P+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




3!P=#L^(&-O;6UI







3!P=#L^(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET('=I=&@@;F\@

2P@
C`Q




'!T.SXD
M



'!T.SX@=6YD97(@=&AE($I062`\+V9O;G0^


M
F4Z,3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C$P<'0[/BP@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY






@:7



3!P



'!T.SX@

@=VET:&EN

@87

3!P=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

T1F









]

]





F4Z
3!P

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P




M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P

M/3-$







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M)B








M;&4]

'!T.SY396YI
M;W(@;F]T97



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!D=64@
M,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A




M





M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,S`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXD
S`P(&UI;&QI;VX@
BXP)2!N


T1V97)T:6-A

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T




M(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R





M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




M:'0Z





T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






T1F

'!T.SXH-XR/]F;VYT


#`P

M:'0Z






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXH-2XQ








M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A


T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

L

M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

L

T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]









2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M




M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3

M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M=#HQ







T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^




M93HQ


3(P


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





C`E.V9O



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXS+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXQ



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXW-S0N



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXU.#8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6QE


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3!P=#L^3VX@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`Q

M
3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S4P




3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S4Q




3!P=#L^(&EN('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;F0@/]F;VYT/CQF






'!T


3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S0U-2XQ(&UI




#`N
R!M:6QL:6]N



M.#
V-#LQ









2P@
C`Q
RP@





M92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!C;&%I;7

M9B`R

3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S0T

3!P=#L^)#8Q+C0@;6EL










#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!W


3!P=#L^)#8N-2!M


3!P=#L^(&%N9!A(&YE=!G86EN(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX@4V5E





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3!P=#L^






M
F4Z,3!P=#L^('!R:79A=&4@<&QA8V5M96YT(&EN($-A
M;F%D82!D=64@3V-T;V)E<B`V+`R








F4Z

3!P=#L^(&]N('1H92!#



M

'!T.SX@8F]N9'
N









3!P=#L^(&%N9!#040@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT





M9VAT.C$R



'!T
M.SXH




F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F('-E;FEO<B!N;W1E<R!W:71H('!O<G1I;VYS(&UA
M='5R:6YG(&EN(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN




#`@;6EL


2P@
C`Q-RX@


T1F;VYT




3!P


T1F



M='5R92!O;B!-87D@
2P@
C`T


M


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@=6YD







3!P=#L^)#$N








M(%1R96%S=7)Y($QO8VMS+B8C
38P.U1H:7




M('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M93HQ

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@;F]T97
@=&\@9FQO





3!P=#L^

@82!R

T1F














M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='



M93HQ

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


30L('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M








3!P=#L^(')E=F]L=FEN9R!C

@:6X@=&AE





3!P=#L^)#DU





3!P=#L^+B!#;VYC=7)R96YT('=I=&@@=&AE('1R

T1F

'!T.SXD
2XX(&UI;&QI



'!T.SX@;V8@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='

@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






38P.S

@=6YD97(@
M;W5R('1H:7


M



!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF

M871I;VYS(&%N9!W87)R86YT:65S(&%N9!C;W9E;F%N='
L(&EN8VQU9&EN


M:70@;&EE;G



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($UA='5R:71I97
@;V8@3&]N9RUT97)M


M


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9RUT;W`Z


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


3!P=#L^('EE

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^.#0Y


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^
C`Q.3PO9F]N





M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
L

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\




T1F;VYT

T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^)B

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXQ.#4N



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#,N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M93HQ










M.C$R



'!T.SXH
M









M93HQ

M

'!T.SX@8V]N=F5R

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^)B
X
S8T.S4P


M

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3
\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX@86YD(#(P





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
M



]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]




M(&-O;7!O;F5N='



'!T


M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





T0U



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\





M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M








F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C


M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P









M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^5&%X(&)E;F5F:70\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M;&4]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M

M=&5D(%)357





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#HS



L($1357
L
M(%!357

T1F;VYT


38P
M.S




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]







M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



P
#`P



G!X



6QE

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ











@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q



3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B









M





38P.SPO9F]N









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C`N



G!X



3X\



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






'!T.SXP+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






'!T.SXD-3@N
#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R;W=S








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD-3@N-CD\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M;VTZ



M/3-$



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






G!X.R!R;W=S














#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


3!P



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3!P=#L^)B
X
M






'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B0F(S@R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M
#`P








3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@


]



'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O
M;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H92!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&]P=&EO
M;G



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^





M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


M










M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYA=F5R86=E/]F



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;G1R:6YS:6
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


P
#`P



G!X



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P


G!X










M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X











M;'-P86X]


M







M



M


38P.S


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

RXU



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

T1F



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$



N
C8\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M














T1F

X+C0\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




G!X



T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.SXD-3@N,C0\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M



3X\




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


M9RUT;W`Z







M





38P.SPO9F]N










38P



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z






M





38P.SPO9F]N










38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


T1V97)T:6-A







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





M
#L@<F]W

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W








M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\9&EV








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P








M=VED=&@]









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT




G!X




P
M
#`P









M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P








M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR






'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
BXV-B4F(S$V
#LM)B
Q
M-C`[



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M



'!T.SXR
BXS.24F(S$V
#LM)B
Q-C`[




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXR-2XX



3!P=#L^
M


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
3!P=#L^


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

3!P

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^)#@N
#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^







@=VET:!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('=E
M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M



#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



3!P
M=#L^

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M;VTZ



M/3-$

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3(N-#4E(T@-S(N-#$E(`@(`@(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB



M





38P.SPO9F]N

3!P=#L^
3(N
3@E


M

3!P=#L^



M:'0Z







M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q
M7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]




M($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D


M:61T:#TS1#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M



T0Y



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1F;VYT+69A

T0Q.2!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI





T1T97AT


P
#`P

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



T0S('-T


#`P

M


#`P






M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI






T1F;VYT+69A

M

M

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]



I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

T1F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M









T0R




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z



G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

I(&]N(&1E

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P

M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT



M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



V+C

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P





T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]













M






T1V


3(P



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


F4Z.'!T
M.SXH.3<N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L




M



M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#DW+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M








M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^-S(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P






P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




#`P







#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

P
M
#`P





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-3@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F

M:79E(AG86EN*2!L;W-S('1O(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


C`E.V9O;G0M

M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A













3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXH-2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



3X\9&EV('-T





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V





M







4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH



M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
S0N



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M






M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


G!X










M;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3(Y+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M





2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL










M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







#`P




M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV





#`P








#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




3@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M;&4]

N.#PO





M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXS+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M/B@Q-S(N


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH,34W+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X












Q+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V









T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3(Y+C@\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


P
#`P
#`[)R!R



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,34N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R









M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






P
M
#`P




T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

M
#`P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M/3-$




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





'!T.SXD*#(N








'!T.SXR



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^


@



3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SY$=7)I

C`Q

M87@@861J=7-T;65N=!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!R96-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N
M(&]F(&%M;W5N=',@9G)O;2!T:&4@:6YV97-T;65N=!I;B!-:6QL97)#;V]R






@



T1T;W`^4V-H961U


]


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W


M+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M:'0Z





38P.SPO






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


F4Z.'!T.V9O


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M/3-$











38P


'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXP+C0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$





M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#
N.#PO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V




M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M92UH96EG:'0Z

38P.SPO







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH

M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M

M
#`P



M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH-3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY.970@:6YC;VUE(AL
M;W-S*2!R96-L87-S:69I960L(&YE=!O9B!T87@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B



M





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#,N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P


2!C



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R







V$Y
C@T
M9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M;G1E;G0]

^




]
T1R93X-

]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P







G!X.R!R




M)B

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E
M8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R






M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M:'0Z





38P.SPO






#`P

G!X

M86X]








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P


G!X


6QE
#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




'0M86QI


T1F

38P.SPO9F]N





M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

CMB96YE9FET

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S




3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
F4Z

'!T.SX\9F]N










6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3DN
CPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z








M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M



3DU+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV












M/3-$











G!X



M



G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]

V+C
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^









38P




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A








M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXS.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS










X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B









M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M



F4Z.'!T.SY


#PO




T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P
#`P








G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


P
#`P
#`[



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)O




P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M




#`P





P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS





P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M




M:&%N9V5S(&EN(%!R;VIE8W1E9!96YE9FET($]B;&EG871I;VX@4&QA;BP@

]

T0G9F]N

3!P




3!P=#L^5&AE(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I



M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D


M
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\






M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@
M=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]014(\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#:&%N
M9V4@:6X@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



C!P










M;&4]



M/C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W






M/3-$


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


F4Z.'!T
M.SXQ-C<N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[











G!X.W!A



M;G

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M93HQ


F4Z.'!T.SY!8W1U87)I86P@;&]S<R`H9V%I;BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







M



M;W1T;VTZ










T0R('-T







2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^*#`N





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]













M9RUT;W`Z






M



M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(P,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

C`Y+C4\+V9O;G0^









B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



B!S

G!X

M



M9RUT;W`Z



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M










M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



3X\9&EV


G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

P
#`P





P
#`P




#`P
#`P








P
#`P




#`P





M/C0L

T0G=F5R=&EC


7!X('-O






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


P
#`P




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,RPX,38N
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M

3PO9F]N=#X\


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXS+#DW.2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXS+#4Y-BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



G!X.W!A9&1I







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


G!X.R!R




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




U






M;&4]

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


RPS-3
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-3$V+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










G!X.R!R








M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


F4Z.'!T.SXP
M+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M





M;VTZ





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


M9RUT;W`Z



M/3-$

















3X\



M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\

M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M










M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X

#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P



P
#`P



#`P



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


38R+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P







P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P
M




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

T1F;VYT+69A

C`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#`P

M;VTZ



X

#`P



7!X





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

G!X.W!A


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


M;&4]



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXH,RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M



T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

3(N
M


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



S@X+C`\



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#4T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH,S`Y+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^







T0R('-T







2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#0V,BXV/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#
Q
M

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH,38R+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






P
#`P




T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(R,XW

#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P






M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^






P
#`P




F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F
M:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!F;W(@;W5R(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N



'!T.SXD

M



T1F;VYT+69A


38P.S
Q



M
'!T.SXD.3$N


3!P=#L^(&EN8W)E87-E(&EN('1H


M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT



M97

@



3!P=#L^)#
R



M;&4]

'!T.SY);F9O

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T0P('-T

M

M.C$P


CDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M=&@]



M



T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P


M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A







M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS+#(W



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXQ-C(N
CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
RPT
S4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
RPQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
38R


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXS+#(W
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z


M










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


L-#
U+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ-C(N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR+#@X


G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXF(S@R






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR+#@X








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXR+#@P
RXP




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXR+#@P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M=#HS




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MM87)G


M('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M



T0G=F5R=&EC



M/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

P
#`P







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S







G!X



3X\






2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^*#<N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L






T1F;VYT






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
C$N


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^-S@Y+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F5T('!R

3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#
N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M93HQ











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

7!X('-O






!S


P
#`P


3X\


#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M9VX]


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ







M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

P
#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P
M


M86X]








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M




M:'0Z



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B8C


G!X.R!R;W=S







G!X



3X\









3!P=#L^
2PQ
S0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$S+C

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3(Q+C`\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




@





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M



M


3!P


M93HQ


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


3PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.R!R;W=S












3X\9&EV('-T





3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^*#`N


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG






'!T.SXH
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
XV/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M







@*&EN8V]M92D@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q





#`P




3!P=#L^.#$T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXW.#@N-CPO9F]N

7!X('-O





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#`N

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY!;6]R=&EZ871I


M



'!T.SXH
S8N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M93HQ


T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M










'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





]




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M







#`P
#`P

M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/C(P

T1F;VYT


M(&9O;&QO=W




T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T1V97)T:6-A





#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9RUT;W`Z



M.SXF(S$V











G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






G!X.R!R








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M









3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


3!P

M.FYO;F4[/C(P
3




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W




M1#$R(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
B4@




T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXF(S$V



#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;VQD.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



F4Z.'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!E;G-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P




#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT















G!X.R!R




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT+C4W)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W





G!X.R!R





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


3!P


M93HQ



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR+C4P)3PO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z






M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^4F%N9VEN9R!R871A8FQY
M(&9R;VT@-RXW)2!I;B`R
#$T('1O(#0N-24@:6X@
C`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#(X



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

B4@:6X@
C`Q
B!T;R`T
M+C4E(&EN(#(P
C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D
M:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;&4]

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




#`Y+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT




F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@9&5V96QO<!O=7(@;&]N9R!T97)M


M=&$L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(')E='5R;G



@:6X@=&AE








@9&5T86EL960@:6X@=&AE('1A8FQE



@86YD('1H



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M



3!P=#L^

M


3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


2P@


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#`P









M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/4$5/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

T1F










M:'0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







M:'0Z









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




3!P=#L^4F%N9VEN9R!R871A8FQY(&9R;VT@-RXW)2!I
M;B`R
#$T('1O(#0N-24@:6X@
C`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M



M9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^52Y++B!P;&%N('=A<R!C
M;&]S960@=&\@9G5T=7)E(&%C8W)U86P@9'5R:6YG(#(P,#DN/]F;VYT/CPO


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F



]





F4Z
3!P=#L^

M=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&5S('=O=6QD(&AA=F4@=&AE(&9O;&QO

T0G




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


T1F;VYT

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/F9A=F]R86)L93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY%9F9E8W0@;VX@=&]T





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9RUT;W`Z









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







T1T;W`^4V-H961U


6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P




M/3-$-CDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^17%U:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M










M;&4]

'!T.SY296%L






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



3!P=#L^-2XS)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








3X\


3!P=#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



]


]



'!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O



M;&4]


T0Q

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0Q
2!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M/E1O=&%L(&%T/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!A8W1I=F4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E
6QE/3-$




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

T1F;VYT+69A

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G!U='

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA
979E;8C,38P.S,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
#@N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z








M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$










T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ


M93HQ


@




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR-2XS



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


M('-E8W5R:71I97



M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







G!X.W!A









M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV




M8W5R:71I97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




'!T.SX\9F]N



M

'!T.SXV.3
N.3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXR.3@N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXU-S(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-C4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-C4N




3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
3
N
CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A



3X\9&EV





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





C!P








T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ
C





M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXP+C

T1V








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N








#`P



7!X('-O





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P






P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3(U+C4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F
M=#HP<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z




M:6YG/3-$








M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X.R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




Q
M-C`[
S$L(#(P
3

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH3&5V96PF(S$V
#LQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA,979E;8C
M
38P.S


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q
M=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO







B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


@86YD(&YO




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXS
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


M:71I97

M

3!P=#L^


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







3!P=#L^-#

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([






M/3-$












B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
2PP
M-S



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5Q=6ET


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0V]M;6]N('-T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO







M



M




G!X














38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXS,C4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ.38N
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I











B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P


M93HQ



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;&4]

'!T.SXH.3$W


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$











38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0W)E9&ET(&1E9F%U;'0@


M

3!P=#L^


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V

B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M





38P.SPO9F]N





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






P
#`P
M

P
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4;W1A

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


L-3DV+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
RPQ-38N
CPO

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T(&]F(%-I
M9VYI9FEC86YT(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!);G!U='





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]
M

T0Q


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@






CDL(#(P
M




M




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M







M93HQ


M93HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R





M;&4]

'!T.SXW+C`\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M
38P.S

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A





I+V=A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M;&%N8V4@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P


M




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M






F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5A;&EZ960@9V%I;B`H;&]S<RD\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY0=7)C:&%S97

\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ
XY/]F









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






@:6XO*&]U=D@;V8@3&5V96PF(S$V
M,#LS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S(N-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




!S;VQI








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M





M;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M

'!T.SXL(&%R92!A

M:'0Z







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0W('-T







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^
C`S+C@\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N










G!X



3X\






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M
#DN



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^.XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXR
3(N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXX+C4\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^
C`R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU




]



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$





P
#`P






\
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;&4]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SXH3&5V96PF(S$V




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G!U='

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA
979E;8C,38P.S,I/]F;VYT/CPO

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY%<75I=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C





G!X







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I







M





38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\














3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ








T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M:#TS1#



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



M


T0S



'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[

M;F4O/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M='
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SYI;G!U='

M;&0[/BA


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC





Q-C`[







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B









T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXS+CD\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R




























;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R
M9&4T



]




3(@

S$L(#(P





M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I

M=!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

M

'!T.SY$96-E;6)E

38P.S






M;CTS1#$V(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q

T0Q



T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


#`P



M=W-P86X]




Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








P
#`P



M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY);G!U='

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA
979E;8C,38P.S(I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M









M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US











B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
S$N-CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXR



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M


















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P







#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^
M/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M



G!X.W!A9&1I



#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





P
#`P



G!X

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E%U;W1E9!P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXH3&5V96PF(S$V,#LQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M


M









38P









M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH3&5V96PF(S$V
#LS*3PO9F]N=#X\



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G
I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L









M;VTZ
















M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0V]M;6]D:71Y('-W87!S



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([






G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXH-38N.3PO9F]N

P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






P
#`P


3X\9&EV







'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I







T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P


G!X


6QE

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY.;W1I;VYA;!A;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E('-H965T(&QO8V%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI



T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X





M;&4]



T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




T0T('-T

M931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




G!X







M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M



M





G!X.W!A9&1I




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

XX/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z



@




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



S0S+C0\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3(N,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M;&4]

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


F4Z.'!T
M.SY4;W1A;!D97)I=F%T:79E<R!D97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S(&AE9&=I;F<@:6YS
M=')U;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI
F4Z
M.'!T.SXT

'!T.SX\9F]N






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M
#`P



F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




R!S

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO









M/C$Q





T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.W!A


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





B!S


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT


P
#`P




P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#DN-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MM87)G


M('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M



T0Q



M;&4]


34@


7!X

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M/3-$





P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



R!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M86X]

M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]


@9&5S:6=N




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M/3-$








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;W`Z






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V




G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A



G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M:71I97






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



'0M86QI






M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


XQ/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.V)O






T0G





M;&4]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M5&]T86P@9&5R:79A=&EV97


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




#`P









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O;&ED


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;W`Z

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M.'!T.SXF(S@R









F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B
!S;VQI



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


T1F;VYT


P
#`P




P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH





T0G

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


M=&\[=VED=&@Z




2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M86X]


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

:6%B:6QI
M='D@9&5R:79A=&EV97




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M





P
#`P

2!C





M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&86ER('9A;'5E/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV









G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


3
N



M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[










38P


3`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#L@<F]W









T
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M;W`Z




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







M
#L@<F]W




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M.#(Q



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






M;&EA8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M931F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M86X]



'0M

M97






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[

M

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I

G!X.V)O








P
#`P
M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
!S



#`P

M:'0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



M



T1T97AT+6%L

\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-B9F4T9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M

'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N
M=&5R.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P







M/3-$



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M:6%B:6QI='D@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



M
#`P

6QE


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9A:7(@=F%L=64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

@:&5D9VEN9R!I

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D



M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q











M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT
6QE/3-$=F5R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z










M:'0Z







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M

G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXX+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

M+6QE9G0Z






2!C;VQS




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]






M





38P







P
#`P


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



T0R('-T
!S
M;VQI9`C
#`P

G!X


M


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1F;VYT+69A








M





38P.SPO9F]N



M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







#`P





G!X

#`P
M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M




M











M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V)F931F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M


T1F;VYT





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B
!S


F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

T1F;VYT+69A



T1F



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O



X

P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



P
#`P






]
T1T97AT





M93HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SX@*&EN

M:'0Z





M






T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


P
#`P






2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A



M


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I






#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R



T1F;VYT+69A







M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G1O(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





M





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT



M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX<'0[9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*&5F9F5C=&EV92!P;W)T:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY




M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










G!X




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M;W`Z


#`P




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






T1V


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V97)T


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V]M
M;6]D:71Y('-W87!S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`P

M


M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0V]S=!O9B!G;V]D

P
#`P





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M



M

M.'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


7!X('-O;&ED






M;&4]

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


T1F;VYT


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X

P
#`P

P
#`P


M

M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M






T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


P
#`P






2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO




M1#


M;VTZ


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT

T1T97AT+6%L









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M




T1F









M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;G1O(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!;6]U;G0@;V8@9V%I;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HX
M<'0[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M:'0Z



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]









T1F;VYT





@=&5S=&EN9RD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




P
#`P


M



M;&4]


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





M9G0Z


P
M
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB





P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P

M;W1T;VTZ



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P



F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(')O=W-P86X]

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M-W!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C=P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!;6]U;G0@;V8@9V%I;B`H;&]S


M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY

T1F;VYT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#MB86-K



#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X.W!A





M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3HQ


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

T0Q-B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R


M9RUT;W`Z







I
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


T1F;VYT+69A






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;&4]








M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



T1T






M;&4]










#`P









#`P




T1F





#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P






M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




#`P





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M



M




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,XQ


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





T1F

M9'

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
!S;VQI



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B
!D;W5B
M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M











G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P

M/3-$


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O





M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T0R

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M





M;&4]

7!X('-O

65A<B!E;F1E


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N=!O9B!G86EN





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






T1F



P
M
#`P





38P.SPO





M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/F9R;VT@04]#23PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





P
#`P





38P


M;&4]








M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP








P
#`P

2!C







I(')E8V]G
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/F%N9!A;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E
6QE/3-$

6QE




7!X



G!X

#`P
M



M;&4]






#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




G!X.W!A




T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[

P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P

M






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


X








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\









7!X('-O;&ED






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z







F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R

4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P

3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\



#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
CDL(#(P

M

7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^06UO=6YT(&]F(&=A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I




M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!G86EN


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


T1F;VYT+69A

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



6QE/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N=!O9B!G86EN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




M



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI9VXZ

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M





38P.SPO9F]N



T1F;VYT+69A




M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/3-$

M

M86X]


F4Z.'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


B!S

G!X.W!A

T0Q






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]

M;V8@9V]O9'

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A



7!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M;&4]

38P




M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




M9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQO8V%T:6]N(&]F(&=A:6X\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXH

M/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^:6YT;R!I;F-O;64\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





I(')E8V]G;FEZ960\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYF

T1N;VYE+SYO;B!D97)I=F%T:79E/&)R(&-L
M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^*&5F9F5C=&EV92!P;W)T:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!G

I(')E8V]G;FEZ960\8G(@8VQE
M87(]
T1N;VYE+SYI;B!I;F-O;64\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYO;B!D97)I

M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SYA;F0@86UO=6YT/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

@

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M;G0\8G(@8VQE87(]




M







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

3(P(&UI;&QI;VX@=&5R;2!L;V%N
M(&1U92`R


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I








G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T





#`P
M




#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



G!X



3X\

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T







G!X



3X\

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


P
#`P
M




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M
M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z



T0P(&-E;&QS






T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





T1V97)T:6-A



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





M



T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E









P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$




M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






M/3-$








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


P
#`P

M








M/3-$


T0R


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97


P
#`P



G!X


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O;G0M<VEZ


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SYI;B!I;F-O;64@;VX@9&5R
M:79A=&EV93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

#MP


M:'0Z





38P.SPO

F4Z,3!P=#L^26YT97)E<W0@97AP96YS92P@;F5T/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M

P
#`P
#`[




M87)T7V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

0T*0V]N





]

M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]




M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P





T0Q)2!R



M


T0W


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF




M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S
Q+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M
3

T1V97)T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^06-C;W5N
M='

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU.3DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&-O;7!E



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&5X8VES92!A;F0@;W1H97(@





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^



3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3
T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M




G!X





T1F;VYT


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C=P=#XH


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
3(X+CD\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\









P
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


S`U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P











3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3!P=#L^*#$I

M=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!H


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W
M.60R9&4T


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@0V]M;6ET;65N='
@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97




]






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




@87)E('-H;W=N
M(&EN('1H92!T86)L92!B96QO=R!B87-E9!O;B!F;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E
M(')A=&5S(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0X
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

P
#`P







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;VQD.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH26X@;6EL;&EO;G


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M





38P.SPO9F]N









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,S$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY4:&5R96%F=&5R

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M

7!X('-O







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
2PX

P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$




6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=VED=&@]
T0X

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M

6QE/3-$
#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-3$N


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-#<N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
C4Q+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N
M;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D


]





F4Z
3!P=#L^



M

38P.S





@;V8@;VYE('EE87(@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W

E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



P
#`P



G!X


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[


M




M;&4]




G!X







M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^







3X\9&EV('-T





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P











3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M




3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@





3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M







G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M


F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96-E;6)E<B`S
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
BXW

M;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C0N
3PO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED




M97








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M

3!P=#MF;VYT


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@



3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



G!X.V9O;G0M



I(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
L

M871E;65N='





M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P



P
#`P






#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





38P








M



'!T.SXF(S$V







M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$



M:'0Z






P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N
















5\T
M
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5+2#X-B`@(`@(#QT


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]







T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DU/3%-/

M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#3TY$14Y3140@0T].4T]
241!5$E.
M1R!35$%414U%3E0@3T8@3U!%4D%424].4SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





M/D1%0T5-0D52)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT







M/3-$


T0T


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z

M




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B








G!X






'!T.SXQ+#
V
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ














B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PT.#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M





P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#(Y.XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO





P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P


3!P=#L^
M
RPQ.3
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB



P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P


3!P=#L^*#$R-2XY


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#$T-BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#$L.3

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXH-C0P+C`\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXX
XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B











M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P


3!P=#L^
M
2PR-3DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB








#`P


3!P


M93HQ


T0R









'!T.SXQ+#8U


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$R


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I













M









T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R






'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T







2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M;&4]



G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M:'0Z





38P.SPO


P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-30R+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#0N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


S@N


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
2XT


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






M9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87AE





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC


M




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


3PO9F]N

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S



G!X.R!R






M



'!T.SXQ
#`N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S




I(&9R

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M;W`Z

#`P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO






G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU
M


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
XU/]F;VYT










M




M86X]




7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU
30N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M







M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P


M
3!P=#L^*#4T


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH







M

'!T.SY.970@:6YC
M;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@34-0SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS







M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M-#(N

P
#`P
#`[




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3$T+C`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\





'!T.SXH

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT


#`P




M

M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9/4B!4

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1$5#14U15(F(S$V
M,#LS,2P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN


3(P)3MP861D:6YG



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O






C`Q



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



















M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#`P




3!P=#L^-2PY.3DN-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#
P

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







#`P


3!P=#L^


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^
2PP.#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N



M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI





M;W1T;VTZ











6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



#`P




M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXQ-#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]




7!X


T1F

'!T.SXQ+#
R-XT/]F



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS-C@N.#PO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T








M/3-$




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH
3$W+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
S4W+C4\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXV
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




F4Z,3!P=#L^-C8X+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-3
Y+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


B!S='EL93TS



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXU-S4N.#PO9F]N






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M(&-O;'-P86X]

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
#`[






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#DY+C4\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@

M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
RXW


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








@8F5F;W)E(&EN


G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P







#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-30N-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

P
#`P






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YC;VUE


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S












3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\






#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-38W+C

T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL



G!X.R!R;W=S





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S





#`P


3!P
M=#L^-38W+C

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M


M

'!T.SXH
C$X+CD\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXW-C@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S













38P

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^*#(R-XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C


P
#`P

M/3-$






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXW-C`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


'!T.SX\9F]N





P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`R,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



3(P)3MP





M:&5I9VAT.C$R



#`P
#MF;VYT

M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BA)3B!-24Q
24].4RD\+V9O;G0^

M


T0Q/CPO



M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$

6QE/3-$



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

3X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXH

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M


P
#`P
#`[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
RPS
S4N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






B!S='EL93TS







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P


3!P=#L^
RPY
M

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
34Y+C@\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
BPS-3(N-3PO9F]N=#X\




M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P
M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,X,2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^





M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXQ.34N









P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X



3X\

M96YS97

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH
C
P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#$L
M







M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH
S4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

















M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M93HQ

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU
3`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXS
34N-SPO9F]N






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


3!P=#L^
M*#(P

P
M
#`P






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

3X\9&EV

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#
Y



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M



G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV





M



P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^-S
R+C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL



G!X

#`P
M



T1F



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXU.3(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B








M




B!S





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M;VTZ


M



'!T.SXH

M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]


M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R





M:'0Z





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3F5T





#`P




M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\

P
#`P

M/3-$





F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X

#`P
M



3!P=#L^-#
Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


N.3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





C!P










#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-#,N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M*#(P

#`P
M




#`P


3!P=#L^


M



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXT-#
N
#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[








G!X








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^














M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXU.3@N
SPO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



3(P)3MP861D


M;F]N93L^1$5#14U15(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M96EG:'0Z

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


2!C;VQS




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M
C`Q

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]





M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





T1F;VYT

T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B









M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,3,N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT








M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,3<N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M/C(V+C


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^5&]T86P@:6YV96YT;W)I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXS,BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









3X\9&EV('-T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M

CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M;&4]










M:'0Z




T0R('-T






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

Q+C8\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^






X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M


P
#`P

P
#`P





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M












38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P


P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA





P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXH,RPU-S$N-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[



#`P








M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXR-BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X



3X\




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F







M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


RPX.#
N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXQ+#@W


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!-:6QL97)#

M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



S@X+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO

M;&4]

\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







T1F




M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXS,2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


C4N



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M
BPW
S$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M



M;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
3
L.3DV+C
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG





P
#`P


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1F



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



G!X






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z






2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,2PS,#4N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]




B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXW-2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ




'!T.SX\9F]N



F4Z.'!T.SY$
M:7-C;VYT:6YU960@;W!E<F%T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO










M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M








M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S





B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z







M97

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+V9O;G0^/]D






M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B









S

M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


3(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXW.#0N












T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXT-2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P

M
#4N




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]

M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N






G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




P
M
#`P


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-PX-CDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S



S@S+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXW+#(Y-RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M;VTZ


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$P+#0T



G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M;&4]

3$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


F4Z.'!T
M.SY-0T)#('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R<R<@97%U:71Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-PQ-3@N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXH
C(L

T1V

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

\+V9O










M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


C$Q


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\








7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BPS-S,N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M;&4]







G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^-RPX-C
N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T







X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B









M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






T0G=F5R=&EC





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ



3(L-S



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

P
#`P

M/3-$




M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



3`L
C8V+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P

2!C


!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P





M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY-3TQ33TX@0T]/4E
@
M0E)%5TE.1R!#3TU004Y9($%.1!354)3241)05))15,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


04Y#
M12!32$5%5%





Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&@]

M:#TS1#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q



T0X)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY087)E;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'1E
6QE/3-$

6QE







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


F4Z



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5L:6UI;F%T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










38P

#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




G!X.W!A




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#
N
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.W!A








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M;W`Z





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T













3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

T0R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A







M/3-$







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXH




T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
RPQ.#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB





#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
M
#`P

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


F4Z.'!T.SXQ
M-#<N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXQ+#$V

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



F4Z
M.'!T.SY/=&AE<B!I;G1A;F=I8FQE<RP@;F5T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A



M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXR+#4P-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\



M;VTZ





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S@N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

U+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M












M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P



F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P







M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-2PU.#`N,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^3&EA8FEL:71I97


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

T1F

38P.SPO9F]N





M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1F



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
















M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


2PT


M


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



S@N


T1F;VYT




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X






M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$








M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^









B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C(X+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A






7!X('-O;&ED


BPU.#`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ








T1F

S$V+C8\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z



M=')E=&ER96UE;G0@8F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXY
#8N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

3([







M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M




M;F]T97

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


T0G=F5R









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXT+#DP-RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^





M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M











M86X]






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT









M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I






T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\





#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RPX,S(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\








7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,BPP,#,N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M;&4]







G!X


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




P
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

M.SXF(S@R






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
C0N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




P
#`P
M








M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M

RXS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P

3X\

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$








#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,RPQ,#,N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R









M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-BPY,3`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R









M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,2PW-C8N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O








M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D










\+W1D



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^34]


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-/3D1%
M3E-%1!#3TY33TQ)1$%424Y'(%-4051%345.5!/1B!#05-(($9




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1$5#14U15(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXH24X@34E
3$E/3E



T0T


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3,@27-S=65R/]F


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V9O




#`P
M
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY'=6%R86YT;W)S/]F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M:6YA=&EO;G

T1V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^





M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P



!S;VQI

M;&4]

2XP


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P


3X\


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B


M86X]




G!X.V)O



M9RUT;W`Z





M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

S$N-SPO9F]N=#X\







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXX+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z.7!T
M.SY);G9E<W1M96YT(&EN($UI;&QE<D-O;W)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X











M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M+#




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

T1F




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3$N
M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









38P

M







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF





M:'0Z



F4Z.7!T.SY.970@:6YT97)C


M



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P





M;W1T;VTZ





3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^*#0Y+C

T0G=F5R



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P

3X\

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




T0G




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P


M



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M/3-$



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M









B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ






M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R




CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;&4]







M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXH-S`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#(W,RXV/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M;&4]


\

T1V97)T






'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B








T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


G!X.W!A







CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.7!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]
















M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z



T1F;VYT+69A




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]













M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







G!X.W!A9&1I



\+V9O;G0^








M/3-$







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT

M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

M;&4]



M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M










G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^-S0N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






C(P+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M/C
V




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



P
#`P
#`[

T1F

S4N-CPO9F]N





M





38P.SPO9F]N


P
#`P



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#,V,BXT/]F


#`P




7!X('-O;&ED




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#@P,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


G!X

#`P
M








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P


Q


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





#`P








M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R











\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I




M










G!X.R!R





M








M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E(&%T(&5N9!O9B!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P



#`P



P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.7!T.SXT-S`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

T1F


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R










M3TY33TQ)1$%424Y'(%-4051%345.5!/1B!#05-(($9,3U=3/]F;VYT/CPO

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R




T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T1F;VYT

M8F]L9#L^
C`Q

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV








#`P

G!X

M86X]


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.;VX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

3X\





M


M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

T1F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M





T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






M





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P

M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




M;W`Z



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T













3X\9&EV

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#(Y

F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO










M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


2PQ.#8N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M






\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M


M9RUT;W`Z











M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S@R





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

;V%N





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M+C


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








M;VTZ





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXU-S8N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


F4Z.7!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE=!C87-H('!R;W9I

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA







G!X.V)O




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P





#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

7!X('-O




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



3U=3
M($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15

P
#`P

M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M/3-$



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M









B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z










M



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

T0R('-T







2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$T,BXX/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;&4]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

V.2XR



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M9&5N9'







M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT

M8V]S='

M



'0M86QI






T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#`N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I




B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



F4Z.'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




M;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



3X\9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#$L

T1V97)T:6-A




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ
















M/B@Q





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B











M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-BXV/]F









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ




'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


F4Z.'!T
M.SXV+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B










M





38P.SPO9F]N


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97






#`P


M

M
#`P




M

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F


M






P
#`P
M




M;&4]


M


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

2PP-3DN
M





M:'0Z



F4Z.7!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/D-!4T@@04Y$($-!4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%

P
#`P
#`[)R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X


#`P


Q-C`[





M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

F4Z
M.7!T.SY.970@:6YC<F5A<V4@*&1E8W)E87-E*2!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C87-H







T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z






3X\



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M97


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

34N
3PO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


2XT






CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


G!X



3X\

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


C0Y+C
\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C0N







M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^.3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#
N
#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#3TY$14Y3140@
M0T].4T]

3!P

M

#`P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C(P

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;&EM:6YA=&EO;G

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D











F4Z.7!T.V9O;G0M=V5I






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


2PR-#$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M;&4]








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






M9RUT;W`Z




G!X.W!A9&1I




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M.3@S+C<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA






M4R!&4D]-($E.5D535$E.1R!!0U1)5DE42453.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M


G!X.W!A9&1I






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


P
#`P

3X\9&EV

M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[)R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXH-BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A









B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


BPR-3@N











38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH
BPR-3@N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



#`X+C@\+V9O;G0^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X









38P

M
2PP









M/CDT




CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[










X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]










M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

;V%N



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ






G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

3$P+C8\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A


T1F


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

X
M

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY.970@8V%S:!P

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T






T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXH,BPS,3`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M*#(L-C

T0G=F5R=&EC


M



M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#05-(($9,3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6
M251)15,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M

38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X



M93HQ



M






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

F4Z.7!T.SY$
M:79I9&5N9',@<&%I9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
M






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#(P,RXU/]F




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



T1F;VYT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@




T1F;VYT+69A



M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

M



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



G!X










M;W`Z


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R








M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M






2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I










M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


34P+C`\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L


@;VX@;&]N9R!T97)M+61E8G0@86YD(&-A

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^




T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A

C0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M;W`Z



@9G)O;2!S:&]R


G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










G!X.R!R












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

T1F;VYT








M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^*#@N



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]











M

CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#4N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A








M;&4]

M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ



2PU



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X

#`P
M


P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M








M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^3F5T(&EN8W)E87-E(AD96-R96%S92D@:6X@8V%S:!A;F0@

M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q



M;W`Z


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3
N-3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T1F

CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


C4N



T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







F4Z.'!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO







5\T
C8Y7SDQ
M-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y



M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O





]
M


M86QI9VX]



3(P)3MP861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
2PQ-S@N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^
2PV-3`N
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
2PT
3
N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-2PY


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#
V





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#PO







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


SDN-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$







#`P


3!P=#L^.#$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T


3@X+C4\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


38X+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#$T-BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH-C@S+C
\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH-C8V+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
BPT.3
N
M

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR.3(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







#`P










M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
M
#`P





P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









#`P




3!P=#L^
2PV-3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



I(&9R;VT@8V]N=&EN=6EN



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
38U+C


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXH


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^.3
N
CPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^-3$S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+C

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
CDP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


M/3-$



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU
M
30N

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X.W!A


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P















M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\




G!X.R!R






@0G)E=VEN9R!#





#`P




3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
2XU-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V








M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
!S;VQI


P
#`P

2!C;VQS










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


3!P=#L^
M1&EL=71E9!N970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@36]L



'!T

M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH

M;&4]


P
#`P

3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P

M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T







M





2!C





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C










G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ











M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X









M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#`N

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M







#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M




M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
BXW-CPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[










M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


P
#`P






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

M/B8C



M






M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4V%L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS







M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F






M
















3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M






M





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@S-38N

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@T-C$N

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^.#(X+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P





P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


X-XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M






M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
BD\+W-U




P
#`P
#`[



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P

M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


I(&9R;VT@
M9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
L(&YE=!O9B!T87@\+V9O;G0^/]D


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












M





G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M




P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#`P




3!P=#L^
C8W+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-38W+C
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]










G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



#MP861D





M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F





G!X


M














M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F






M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M;&4]


G!X.V)O









G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



F4Z

T1F




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








M;VTZ






















38P




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C$V




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M










T1F;VYT



M;&4]






M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[







#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


N



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M


T1V97)T





M97










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ






L(&EN

@=VET:&EN(#(P
3
L('=E(')E8V]G

@:6X@97AP96YS92!O=F5R('1H92!I

@=VET:&EN(&$@9FES8V%L('EE87(@8F%S960@;VX@

@9F]R('1H92!I


N($=!05`L('=H:6-H

@=&AE(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@8V]S='
@86-R;W-S(&EN=&5R





X
C$W.W
@8F5L:65F('1H870@=&AE(&YE
M=R!M971H;V0@:7








N)B
Q






M930R



]
T1R




M;'-P86X]


M


T1T;W`^


]
T1R



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!P86ED(&9O


]
T1N=6UP/C








V$Y
C@T
M9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M;G1E;G0]


M97






]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S





]

]
M



C


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP








]





M='1L97

]


]



T1T;W`^57-E9G5L






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

@;&EV
M97


]


]





]


]












]


]


]

M;G









]


]



]












S














T1T;W`^






T1T;W`^56YI=&5D($MI;F=D

]


]







]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]





]


]


T1T;W`^57-E9G5L(&5C;VYO;6EC(&QI=F5S







]


]



T1T;W`^57-E9G5L






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@










]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








]


]



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




]


]



]


]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]



M9FEX='5R97

]


]



T1T;W`^57-E








]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ-2!Y96%R

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S






V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P






V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I(A3=&%R0F5V($PN4X@6TUE;6)E



#$R/&)R/D554B`H)B-X
C!A



@06-Q=6ES


]


@:6YC=7)R960\+W1D/@T*

]

M86
[(#(L-S`P+#`P


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
M-S`P+#`P


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
M
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D
M7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\






T0X/C
@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

R!-;VYT:'



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@


#$T/&)R

C`Q
M

M

]


MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO



]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]


]

]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C4Y



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]



]



]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]



T1T;W`^0G5S














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

















@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@6TQI






]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


T1T;W`^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S('P@0G)I
M9&=E(&9A8VEL:71Y(&9E97

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]

3







]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F

]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^













SDN


]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]















]




M;W)S($-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E(A-0T-%*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




















]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@P




]
T1N
M=6T^*#






M1&YU;7`^


]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@











M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
















]


]


]


]


]


]

]

















]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXP








]


























M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(AL









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-S`N
RD\








]











M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1R















]





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\






]











S0N

3



]


]



]






























V


M1#$X/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN



ET\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M=&4M;&EV960@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97

M96YT+B!3964@3F]T92`Q



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?
M-#(V.5\Y













T0S/C`@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L



T0U/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T0R/DIU;BX@
34L(#(P
3(\


]
M

#$R/&)R/DUO;'-O;B!#;V]R

]

34L(#(P
3(\8G(^







[-3`P($UI;&QI
M;VX@




]




]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






#`L



#`L






]






]
T1F;CX\

#`\


#`P+#`P


M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P







#`L









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#0R+#
P










C
L-#`P+#`P












]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T
RPV
#`L














M



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]

]
M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+C`P)3QS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C0R










]
T1N=6T^*#$X
RPX
#`L


]
M

]
M

]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L-#`P+#`P


]








M/3-$=&]P/D]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M+#0P

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C4W+#0P
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]



]

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P-2PP
#`L




]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D






M





#QS






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@









#`L







M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-


2PX
38N
M


M:&4@=&5R;7



M(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A





M(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


&%C.S4P


]

38@=F%L:6=N

#$N


M97(@;V8@
C`Q

T1T;W`^
M6S5=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!V86QI9VX]
T1T

RXT


M








C`Q
BP@9F]R
M(0T,C4N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@)#$N-!M:6QL:6]N(&]F




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



M86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q














@06-Q=6ER960@











BPT






]





]


]


]


















]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(V


]

]


]


]







\

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C



]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]




]


]


]


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]







]


]








T1T

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y

M/CQS=7`^6S5=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]














M




\+W1D

]


]


]





@6TUE

]


]


]












C



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='


]


]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^175R
M;W!E('P@0G)A;F0@26UP86ER;65N=!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








:6YE($ET96US





]
T1T




M9'

]


]


]




]


]


]


]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M1FEN:71E+6QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S+!&86ER(%9A;'5E($1I

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T-2XV









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEN:71E+6QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S+!&

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@








M:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L92!T97-T:6YG(&EN(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3


C
N-!M:6QL:6]N(%-$4$\@87-S=6UE9P@=VAI8V@@=V%S


]

T1T
M;W`^26YC;'5D97


M:7



@86YD('1H92!A


M;&P@:7


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R
M-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W






]


]

]

M;'-P86X]
T0S
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M



#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

M;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

]

M
#$S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

C`Q


M
S`L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$S/&)R/DAE:6YE:V5N/&)R/D=
M4`H)B-X83

#$T/&)R/DAE:6YE:V5N/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^0V%N861A
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@

N/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

N/&)R
M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q


2P@
C`Q-#QB


]



M;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^175R;W!E/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^34-)/&)R
M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


CY$96
N(#













]
M

N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-S$N



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M










XS/'-P86X^/]S















]

]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]




M;7`^

]
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]





]








M;7`^


M

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G

M='


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


N



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q



S0N


3




]


]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@










]
T1N=6UP/C4Y



]






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/B@Q

]
M


]


]




]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D































]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



























M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1N=6UP/C
N.3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
M


3






























]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]

]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\











3




























]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`P/'-P86X^















5T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

#$R+CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-



@9G)O;2!T:&4@175R;W!E('-E9VUE;G0@=&\@=&AE
M($U#22!S96=M96YT+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


@9F]R('1H
M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


T1T;W`^6S1=/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

S$L(#(P
30L(&EN8VQU9&5S(&EN8V]M92!O9B`D-C
N
M


M
T1T;W`^6S5=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M;&%T960@=&\@='=O(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L
M97

BP@(D=O;V1W

M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S9=/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0T.!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26X@



@=VET
M:&EN(#(P
3

@:6X@

@=VET:&EN(&$@9FES

M('9O;'5M97




@=&AE(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@
M8V]S='










@9F]R




@87
@:6YC=7)R960@861D:71I;VYA;&QY(&5L
M:6UI;F%T97



M96YS97
L(&%N9!T:&4@8F5N969I=!P97)I;V0@;V8@=&AE(&%D=F5R=&ES
M:6YG(&]N(&%N(&EN=&5R:6T@8F%S:7
2!W:71H('1H870@
M=7-E9!T;R!P<F5P87)E('1H92!A;FYU86P@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='



M



]
T1R97!O


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@











]
T1N=6UP/C8L


]


]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L




]


]

]





]


]


]




]



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E
M-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W
M-C%?-#(V.5\Y





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^







Q


]




]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Y



]



]

]


]


M86QI9VX]





]
T1N=6UP/C$R

]






]


]

]
T1F;CX\


]







]



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A

]
T1N=6UP







]
T1P


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1F




]


]





]




]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]

]





]

\

]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V('9A


M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T







]


]
M




S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3


]

S`L(#(P
3

2P@
M

M/3-$
CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T











]

M9V4@;V8@4V%L97


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
38X

M


]
T1N=6UP/C$L








RPY


M86QI9VX]











M;7`^


SQS



3



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+C


M97)A=&EO;G

L($EN


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]















]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
30V
M+C




]

]
M


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]



]












]






]
T1R

]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
T+C











]
T1R93X-










]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*





M

]





]




L($5X=')A;W)D

L($YO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG($EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@









M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

N

]
T1N=6UP/C0R
M

T1T;W`^0V%N861A('P@56YA













]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-












]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YI
M=&5D($MI;F=D;VT@?!5;F%F9FEL:6%T960@0W5S=&]M97)S/]T9#X-B`@









M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T
M;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








M+#
Y


]
T1F;CX\+W1D


]
























]




]
M



#$R+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


M97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M
T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@=&]T86P@;F5T('-A;&5S(&5X8V5E9&EN9R`Q

N/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

38W7V1B







]




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I



CY$
M96
N(#

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]


]


M86QI9VX]






M9F]R(&)Y('-I;F=L92!C;W5N=')Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



L


]

]
M

]


]


]

]

S@N-CQS


T1T;W`^56YI=&5D($MI;F=D;VT\

]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0V


]


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]

]

]
M

3
N



T1T;W`^4F5F;&5C='
@;F5T('!R;W!E



@

@97AC965D:6YG(#$P)2!O9B!T:&4@=&]T

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R
M9&4T






]
T1T


]

T0T/C$R($UO;G1H


CY$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M




















]
M

M1&YU;7`^
30N

]
T1N=6UP/C(V+C@\




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P







]

]
M


]

]



M($]P97)A=&EO;G

]
M

]


]



]


M9VX]

]


]


]









]

]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]











@87!P;VEN





BXP




BXP




]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS



M960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]



]

]
T1F;CX\


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L.3@Y+C
\




]







M

]




\+W1D





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




BPR.38N

]
T1T97AT

T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N=')O;&QI

M


]


]






]


]





]
M


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]

]
M


]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
S0W+C



]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@


]
T1T

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@


]
T1F

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS




:6YE($ET96US73PO



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




@82!P







]

T1T


@86YD(&%S

@;V8@)#$W+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#(N-B!M:6QL

M86YS9F]R;6%T:6]N('!R;VIE8W0N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M87)T7V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

0T*0V]N





]

M




B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L









M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]


]



M1&YU;7`^-3



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


]
T1F;CX\+W1D



M97-T;65N='


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




M




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DU#0D
@96-O;F]M:6


]


]


]



]






]




@



#`N


M86QI9VX]




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


M/CQS=7`^6S)=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]


]





]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT


]
T1F;CX\

]


]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


]


]


]



]


T1T;W`^36EL


#4N

]
T1T97AT




M;7`^-#(N







]








]
T1N=6T^*#8V



]


]

]
M


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M=&EN9R!P;VQI8WD@96QE8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1N=6UP/C
U/'-P


S4\


\+W1D





]

]
T1F;CX\




]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

T0Y/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-


@9F]R(#(P
30@


M


M:6]N(&]F('1H92!(;VUE($1R869T('!A8VMA9V4@:6X@=&AE(%4N4RX@86YD

@87-S971S

M+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&



5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S
M83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y



M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\




SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]





]


]












M;7`^
3DN


]








]



]


]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

]
M



]
T1T

@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


]





RPY
M.38N


]




]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y







]

T1)1#!%44Q!

T0S/C$R($UO;G1H

T0Q
M/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


]

]





]

T0R/C
@36]N=&AS($5N

M
2!-;VYT:'





#$S/&)R/E53
M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P

#$S/&)R/DUO9&5L;SQB

#$T


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^36]D96QO/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96

#$S/&)R/E1R861E=&5A;2!

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$R/&)R/E1R861E=&5A;2!
=&0\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M:79E9!F;W(@9G5T=7)E(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-

#$S/&)R/E1R861E=&5A;2!
=&0\8G(^


S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^0E))/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/D)$

]
T1T:#Y$96



]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

C`Q

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


#$R/&)R/DU#(%-I($AA:3QB

2P@
C`Q

M0R!3:2!(86D\8G(^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M97


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
























#`L

C$L
C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPV
#`L
M

]
T1N

















#`L


































3`S+#0P

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#8P






















]
T1T97AT

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#4P
























































XP,4\




M












]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]


]




]



























M
#`L



M1&YU;7`^-2PT
#`L

#`L



]

]
M




#`L
#`P+#`P
M
































RPR
#`L



]











]


]


]


]


M






@9G)O;2!J;VEN=!V96YT=7)E(&EN=&5R97-T/]T

#`I/'-P86X^

3DL
3`P
M+#`P





#`L


3$L-S`P+#`P








M

























2PS
M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
3(L-3`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


















C8L.3`P+#`P


#`L


]


#`L
#`P/'-P








]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDP


]











I(&]N($-O;G1R86-T
























M





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L
M











RXR(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@1&5C96UB97(@
C`Q
RX@4V5E($YO


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,V$Y,C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?
M.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T,C$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X



M(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$
CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

C`Q
M

]









T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!S86QE(&]F(&YO

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M=&]P/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92DL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]



]





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








]
T1N=6UP



]
T1F


]


]
T1T

]





]






UT\

]






]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:6YC;VUE(AE








M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@








M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





@:6X@
C`Q

#$R





@:6X@
C`Q
BX\+W1D/@T*

T1T;W`^6S)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]







M;VYD('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q
BX@07
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@82!N96=A=&EV


T1T;W`^6S1=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R





M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97



#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H

M







]





]
M

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

RP@
C`Q
M

M
#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^)`H.PT
#`L

S@L
#`P+#`P

]
T1R:#X-



]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C4P












]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!S86QE(&]F(&YO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R




BPS
#`L
#`P














]
M

:6YE($ET96US73PO


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P



C
L.#`P+#`P

]

]

3`P+#`P

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$L-#`P+#`P


]













]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


#`L


]


]





]


]


]












]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PR
#`L
#`P






V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XV($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB

]









S8N






]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
















SDN


]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C@N
SQS


T1T;W`^

M;7`^
C@N




CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F5D97)A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





]
T1N=6UP/C8N


T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X


]
T1R;W4^#0H@



]


]



\

]



]


]



]


]


]


T1T;W`^4W1A='5T;W)Y($9E9&5R86P@:6YC;VUE('1A


M-2XP



M1&YU;3XH




]


]

]
M




M;7`^
BXU


]


M97

]


M;3XH

M86QI9VX]







]
T1N=6T^


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+W1D/@T*

]




]
M

]





C8N










M87@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;BP@4&5R8V5N=!;06)S=')A8W1=/]S





















]


]


]


T1T;W`^0V%N861A(%M-96UB97)=(%M$;VUA:6Y=








M96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;BP@4&5R8V5N

















]


]


]





]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]
M








]









5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T
M-SED

O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M/3-$

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



T1T





M=&EO;B!R96QA=&5D(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]
M



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO











]



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS











]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]



M;7`^



M:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C$S-RXV/'-P


]






M;G0@8F5N969I='

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


M9VX]



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]





]



T1T;W`^4&%R


]
M







T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]



M871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E*#$I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M;G5M/B@Q

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

]
M


C
Y


C(N

]







\+W1D

]



]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D













]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




T1T;W`^/'-T

@





\+W1D

]


]
T1R







]



M87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S





]
T1N=6UP/C




]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@W
RXQ/'-P

!B96YE9FET<SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^


]






]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDN

]



M;VX@06QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(#DN



]




]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]














]


]


]



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(%1A





M='

M5&%X(%)E='5R;G


]


]


]




3
W+CD\

M


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]


]


]



]






]


T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]





M('1O('-T871U=&4@97AP:7)A=&EO;B!A;F0@;&5G:7-L871I=F4@8VAA;F=E

]


]
M

]


]


]


]

]
T1N















L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!!

@6U)O

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


T1T;W`^4F5S=&%T96UE;G0@061J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@
























]


]










]










]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED

O4VAE970W
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


^

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C





M86YG92!L;W-S97

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
CDN

]
M

]



]











]
T1N=6UP/CDX


]


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





M=V%R9'

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T97AT/C




]


]


]










]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]





]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]

@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!$
M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
#$U/'-P86X^






]







C`S


]







]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!

M9F]R=V%R9'

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T


3






]






C`S

]
T1T97AT


T1T






M9'

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V%P:71A;!


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


M
5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R





]
T1T:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
M


]


]


T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(&EN

]
M










]


3


#DN


]


]









]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M


T1T


]


#DN


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V
M.5\Y




M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M271E;7
@*$1E=&%I;'




]


T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

R!-
M;VYT:'




]

T0Q
SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'





#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



M;&EA8FEL:71Y/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T
M:#Y$96

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^0V%N861A/&)R/D]T


]
T1T:#Y$96



2P@


]

M


M
T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^0V%N861A/&)R/E-O9G1W87)E(&%B86YD
M;VYM96YT/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@



M1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


@*')E:6UB=7)S96UE;G0I/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

C`Q
M

@*')E:6UB=7)S
M96UE;G0I/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@


]



M:6YG/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M8RX@
CDL(#(P


]


M96YT/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

2P@
C`Q


T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^175R

]

M



]



]

#$S/&)R/D5U


]


]




C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$
M96

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
M
3


CY$96
N(#



M
T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P

M97

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S,P@
C`Q


M;W-S97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@

S$L(#(P
3
\

]
T1T:#Y$96

CY$96

M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

2P@



]



M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T
M:#Y$96


]



































]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]





]





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]
M



]

]


]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




\



]
T1F



]



























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]


]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#0N
BD\


]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









]






























]








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]


]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]


]


]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]


]


]


































































]











M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
























































@+2!'86EN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









































]



]

]


]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]



T1T;W`^2F]I


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]



M=VET:!T:&4@=W)I=&4M;V9F(&]F('1H92!D969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A

C`Q





]

@=F%L

@;V8@




]


@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
3
L('=E

3
N
!M:6QL
M:6]N+!O9B!W:&EC:!W92!R96-E:79E9`D.XU(&UI;&QI;VX@*$=4`U
M+C`@;6EL;&EO;BD@:6X@,C`Q-!A;F0@=VEL;!R96-E:79E('1H92!R96UA
M:6YD97(@870@=&AE(&5N9!O9B!T:&4@=')A;G-I=&EO;B!P97)I;V0L(&-O

S`L(#(P

M87






M)W





C`Q-2P@=VAI8V@@

M96-I86P@:71E;7

#$R










#$S+B!3964@

]


@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN($1E8V5M
M8F5R(&]F(#(P
3
L('=E('-O;&0@;W5R(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN('1H92!-0R!3


3(L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@)#`N-B!M:6QL:6]N




C`Q


@:6X@;W5R($U#(%-I)VAA:2!J;VEN
M=!V96YT=7)E(&EN($-H:6YA+!A;F0@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@
M;V8@
C`Q

M86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ960@86X@:6UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S(&]F(0R-RXV(&UI



M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@


C`P.2P@=V4@97-T86)L




3
N/]T9#X-B`@




M

M(&]F(#(P


@86YD

M
3

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
M
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



M='`M97%U:78]

]



^

S8@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^16UP;&]Y965S/&)R/CPO=&@^

M
CDL(#(P


]


]



M9R!R96QA=&5D(')E9'5C=&EO;B!I;B!E;7!L;WEE97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]






L(&)E9VEN;FEN

]
T1N

M86QI9VX]


]






]
T1N=6T^*#(V+CDI/'-P86X^

3$N-BD\










]


M1&YU;7`^



]


]






L(&)E9VEN





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-H87)G97

]








]


]






]



]


]













3



]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N


]


]


]




]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



M1&YU;7`^
3


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]





]
T1T97AT

]

M;3XH

]
M




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]






]


]





]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP

]
M



















]



M97(@861J=7-T;65N='

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XR/'-P86X^/]S




M=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T






B!-
M;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M
CY$96
N(#

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P



]


]

]
M

]








M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1F;CX\












BPV
#`L





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X











38W+#(P


]




M97

\+W1D

]


M+#4P


M9VX]




5T\

#`\



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



C`P+#`P


38T+#(P
M


M


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]












M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1F;CX\+W1D









BPY
#`L






]



]

]


T1T;W`^17AC:&%N9V5A8FQE('-T;V-K

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`P



3DL
S`P+#`P


M86QI9VX]




]




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




M+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`P






5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V
M.5\Y




M:G


M9#TS1$E$








#$T/&)R/G9O=&5S/&)R/CPO

]





]
M

]
M

]








M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT('EE87)S/'-P





]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]




]







]


]


]


M($(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]
T1R;SX-








M(&]F(%-T;V-K(%M









M9#)D930R


]
M




38^
R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$-3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M+B`S
2P@


CY397`N(#

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P

M
2P@


CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C



]


]
T1T:#Y$96



]

]
T1F;CX\

S



]




]



]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]



]




]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(#$V



CQS

]
T1F



]


]









]

]
T1F















]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


M;7`^



]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@










5TL6S)=/]S=7`^/]T

38\



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

M



]
T1F




M




]

I(&%T=')I8G5T




ET\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

























]




ET\+W-U


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1F



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@











#$\







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]







]





ET\+W-U


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1F



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


M9VX]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\











]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1N=6UP

]


]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]



]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



























M9VX]
T1T;W`^6S)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
2!V
M86QI9VX]


N(%=E(&-A;&-U





5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E

O4VAE970X

M;G0]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96



M97


]


]


]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]


]






#`L

C!A8SL@-3`P+#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O




]



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

]


]




L
30Q+C(\

M(#










]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W

C
P+C


@







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






@8V]S=#PO=&0^

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I
M;F=S(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E;65N='

]
M


M9VX]

@86YD(')E;&%T

]


]


]


]

]







]






]
T1N=6UP/C(T
M

M;7`^




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M97

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C











]


]











]
T1N
M=6UP/C












]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?
M.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

T0G=&5X







]

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$







]
T1N


]

]






]


]



]
M

]
M





]


]


T1T




]


]

]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8U-BXU/'-P
















M
2PV.3
N


]


]


]





]




]
T1N








]
T1R


]







]


]


3











]


]

]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

S`L(#(P
M














]

]
M

3
L-S`P
M+#`P

]








#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]


]







T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3F5T

#`L
#`P


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^





]

#`L


]
T1F

]


]



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\

#`\

BPT-3
L
3`P+#`P


]


M
#`L













\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]





]

]
M

]


]


]






W+#4P

]
T1T





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

#`L



]

]
M

]


#`L


]






3(L.#`P+#`P



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
Q
BPX
#`L



S$R+#@P

]










#`L


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D




M
BPS
#`L






]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M










M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@













]


]

]
M


]

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]





]

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@








]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


]


]

]
T1P


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPP
#`L



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


30L
3`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]

]


C`L.3`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#$P


]







]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]



















]
T1T

]
T1T


M


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







@;F]T












M+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/CDU
BPS
#`L
#`P



P



]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]


]




\+W1D


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

#`L



M;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#0P

]

CDL-#`P+#`P
M

#`L
#`P*3QS

]



]
T1N=6T^*#
T+#`P







]

]


]


]

]








M:6YT86YG:6)L97



#`L
M



34L
C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#(P

]
T1R








]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M









]

]
M

]



]


]


]


]









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]

]







]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M









M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L97
\+W1D















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

30N
#`E/'-P






2PU
C@L
M
#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-CDS+#(P
M

#`L
M


]
T1T97AT
















]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]

]
M


3$N









]

#`L




3@L
C`P+#`P


]


]


]

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]


]






]
T1R93X-







#`L
M

























]
T1P


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\















]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


M
#`L






]



]


]


]
T1T

]


]


]


]




]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S+#@P


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DP


]




]


]












]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]










M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




30@86YD(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R=&5R
M(&]F(#(P,3,L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6UP86ER;65N=!C:&%R9V5S(')E
M;&%T960@=&\@;W5R(&1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@


M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T

M:7)D('%U87)T97)S(&]F(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@


V$Y
C@T
M9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M86X]

#$T

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P



#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




















]
T1T


M


]
T1T

]
T1T


M








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









V$Y
C@T
M9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M;G1E;G0]




]

]

]

]

]

M

T0Q/CPO

M86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]

]


]

]

T0Q/CPO=&@^



T0R/CPO

T0R/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




T0R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]

]

]

]

]

]

]

]


]

]

]

]

M


#$T/&)R
M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

2P@

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
M
3

]
T1T
M:#Y$96

S`L(#(P

M
&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`Q
M

[*3QB

#$P

\8G(^0T%$/&)R/CPO=&@^

C4L(#(P
#4\8G(^1F]R

C`Q



M9F]R=V%R9'
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`R
BP@


M


M8W5R960@3F]T92!$=64@
C`Q
R`F(W@R
&%C.S4P
!-:6QL:6]N(#`N,4@

;W-S/&)R/DEN=&5R97-T(%)A
M=&4@0V]N=')A8W0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5N+B`R-2P@
C`Q

34L(#(P



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R

RP@
C`Q

\

]
T1T:#Y/




34L(#(P



C`Q

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R

C`Q
R`F
M(W@R
&%C.S4P

]
T1T:#Y$96


T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L
M(#(P

M1(I(#DP,!M:6QL:6]N(#4N
4@;F]T97,@9'5E(#(P,34\8G(^55-$(@D

M
CY$96
N(#

#`@;6EL;&EO;B`U+C`E(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R
#$U


CY$96
N(#

#`@;6EL;&EO;B`U+C`E(&YO=&5S(&1U
M92`R
#$U/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@

M97
\8G(^0T%$(#4P


M92`R

CY$96
N(#

CY$96
N(#




S`P(&UI;&QI;VX@



M86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/B0U
#`@
M;6EL;&EO;B`S+C4E(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R

M
2P@
C`Q

\8G(^)#4P

@


]




C`T


M86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/B0Q+C$@
M8FEL;&EO;B`U+C`E(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R


M


C`Q




]


3
@)B-X
C!A8SLU
M
#`@36EL;&EO;B`P+C`E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`P
RP@
C`Q



[-3`P($UI;&QI;VX@




34L(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]N



&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5N+B`S



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^0V]N=F5R=&EB




M


S`L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#

2P@
M

2P@
M
C`Q

2P@
M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


971T97(@;V8@0W)E9&ET/&)R/E531`H
M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


#$T/&)R/D9A:7(@



































































]


]

]
T1F

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$L.#`P+#`P
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]


C`P+#`P


]
M

#`L

#`L


#`L
#`P/'-P


#`L


#`L



#`L

M




]






























]
T1N=6UP/C(P

]


M;7`^

M;7`^










































]
T1T




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]



]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



RPQ
3$L-#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C
L





































]
M

P













































]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

























M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
















































#`L

RPQ
#`L
#`P

M


\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-C`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#`P+#`P



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;65R8VEA;!0


]














]


M




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C@T.2PT
#`L




























M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




































































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]


]

#`L


#`L
M

M;7`^-3`P+#`P

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

M
#`L






#`L


M96%L:7IE9!G86EN(AL;W-S*2!O;B!H961G960@:71E;2!I;B!F86ER('9A














































PX,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S


T1T



]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT








]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]























































@;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV93PO



#`L








































]




]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]


]
T1N=6UP/C





]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]












97-S.B!U;F%M;W)T:7IE


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

30U+#`P


]


































































































]


]

















RPT
M
#`L
#`P+#`P













M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


#`P+#`P



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

#`L



















M;&%I;2!3971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

























M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X







2PT
#`L
#`P/'-P


























































30L-#`P+#`P


































































M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\










M
BPX.30L































]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]


]

#`L




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



]


]

M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^-#4U+#$P


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#8L-3`P+#`P




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




















M=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]



]

]
T1T97AT



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




















M/E5N9&5R=W)I=&EN9R!F965S(')E;&%T960@=&\@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT































#`L




























3@L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]



]

]
M

]
M

]


]


]

]
M

]



]


]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]















SDL
C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]




M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





















M




]
T1N=6UP/C$U
















M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@








#`P+#`P


#`L
#`P

M.34P+#`P


]


]


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]


]


]


]
T1T

]
T1F

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]























]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]


]


]


]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S`P+#`P


]


]

]

































































M;F%T960@87



#`L
#`P*3QS

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^0V%S:!(96QD(&EN($)A;FL\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C@P+#`P















]








]

M=&]P/D]N($IU;F4@
34L(#(P

[-3`P
M(&UI;&QI;VX@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!D=64@1&5C96UB97+H#,Q+`R
M



[-3$P+CD@;6EL;&EO;BP@8V]N

&%C.S4P
!M:6QL:6]N(&EN('!R:6YC:7!A;!A
M;F0@)B-X
C!A8SLQ


C!A8SLT-34N
2!M

M
&%C.S$P+CD@;6EL;&EO;B`H)#$T+C0@;6EL;&EO;BD@9F]R('1H92!C;VYV


M92!R97!R97-E;G1A=&EO;G


M=7


N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$S+!W92!H860@=VET:&AE;&0@)B-X
C!A8SLT-XY(&UI;&QI;VX@
M*0V

2!I;G1E<F5S=!O;B!A;6]U;G1S('=I=&AH96QD+B!4
M:&4@)B-X
C!A8SLU
#`@;6EL;&EO;B!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!N;W1E)W
@96UB






@:6X@=&AE(&9A



M(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9F]R(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N(%-E92!.;W1E(#$W






M






M-3`P(&UI;&QI;VX@8F]N9'




M871E('!L86-E;65N=!A;F0@=VEL;!S97)V92!T;R!I;F-R96%S92!O=7(@











@;V8@
C`Q-2!A;F0@




#$S('1O(&$@;6%X:6UU;2!A9V=R96=A


MH#

@=6YD97(@;W5R
M('1H:7




M87)I97
G(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@:6YC=7(@8V5R=&%I;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L('!R







M('1H92!C;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@=V4@:6UM961I871E


M:6)L92!.;W1E(&1U92`R
#$S('1O('1H92!396QL97(@=7!O;B!C;&]S92!O
M9B!T:&4@06-Q=6ES:71I;VXN(%-E92!.;W1E(#$S+`B1&5B=(@9F]R(&9U



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




S$L(#(P


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

$T@

S$L(#(P

M869T(&9A8VEL:71Y(A54T0I/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

RP@
C`Q


]



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^0V]M;65R8VEA




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


M
#$T/&)R/D-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E/&)R/D554B`H)B-X
C!A8SLI/&)R/CPO

3`L(#(P
3(\8G(^

&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

M665N/&)R/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M665N/&)R/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





























#`L


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]









M1&YU;7`^
2XU


]
T1N=6UP/C$N



2XU















]







]
M


#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


#`L
#`P/'-P

M+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$U





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S-RPT
#`L
#`P/'-P











]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L.#`P+#`P


]


]




]
M

]
M

]
M


]

]
T1T



]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]





















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
M-C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L.3`P+#`P



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@




























3$S


]


]


]


]


]

#`L
#`P/'-P


#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C8T
M+#8P

]

#`L


#`L






M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W
M.60R9&4T





]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^55-$

]



]


M8G(^1552(@F(W@R,&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@

971T97(@;V8@0W)E9&ET/&)R/E53



:6YE(&]F(&-R961I

]









]


M





]


]




&%C.R`Q
C`L
M
#`P+#`P

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y
M





^


M1$E$





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

]











;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
M



]



M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D










]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
















#$R

[-3`P(&UI


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%S('=E;&P@87




5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E
M-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W
M-C%?-#(V.5\Y





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


L(%)357
L($1357
L(%!357
L

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]



T1T;W`^4')E

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D
M8C0W.60R9&4T






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]



]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]






]
T1T




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)357
@86YD($1357


]



@3W1H

]


]


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D(AI;B!S:&%R97



]








]


]








M57

]







]


]

]
T1P







M:&%R97





]
T1N







]



]






]
M














]

]


T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@






:6YE($ET96US73PO





]



M


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D(AI;B!S:&%R
M97


]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]




]












M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%T('1H92!E


]
T1R





M($]P=&EO;G





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?
M-#(V.5\Y
















]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]



]
T1T97AT


T1T
















@9W)A;G1E9!I;B!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@

]





]

]






M;7`^





]



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C









M;B!S:&%R97













]







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4N
S











V


]
M

]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S


]



]

@-R!M;VYT:'



]
T1T97AT/C
@

@









]
M

]









]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









]
T1N=6UP/C
T+C$\


]




]

]
T1R;SX-






I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




\+W1D

]






]


]


]

C(N-C8E/'-P

C(N
M

M;7`^






T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!\($]P
M=&EO;G











5\T
C8Y7SDQ
M-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4&%Y;65N='




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]



]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C(N

M1&YU;7`^
2XT


]
M



]



M








]




@82!P97)C96YT*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^


]





]
T1N








]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


M9VX]

]


]



]



]






]
M





]














]



M


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4






B!-;VYT:'



M1&5C+B`S
2P@

CY$96
N(#

T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]



]


]



]


T1T;W`^0VQA



]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]


M.3`P+#`P

M1&YU;7`^
38W+#(P


]





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]


]


]

]
M

]


]

]


]
T1T97AT/C


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

#`L

]
M

]


]



]

]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P












]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]

]
M


]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

#`L


M;65N='




]

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T

]


]



]

]






]
T1N








]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]
T1T97AT/C









M9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

N






]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]
M

]



]


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@











:6YE($ET96US73PO








]

]


]



]

]




]


]
T1T

]


]



M


C`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



















]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]


]





]



5\T
C8Y7SDQ
M-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y



M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5(2T-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



B!-;VYT:'
@16YD


2P@


CY$96
N(#
Q

M86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





\

]

]

]
T1F

]


3






]












BXP


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]


]



]


T1T;W`^/'-T


]

]
T1T97AT

]




X+C8\

M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


SQS




]
M

]


]




]




]


]












]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S










]
T1N=6T^
M*#
Q+C



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]

]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]

]
M

]


]





]

]
T1F

]



M=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+C4I/'-P86X^




]
M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]














]



]



M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@R


]

]
T1F;CX\


]




M;3XH



\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]

M-34V+C






M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='





M9VX]

M1&YU;7`^

M1&YU;7`^

M1&YU;7`^


M9FET(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q-S(N






]
M
T1N=6UP/C




]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*





]


]




]



M;G5M/B@U-38N

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-#0N
M



M;V0@26YV97-T;65N='

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]



]

]
M

]


]



]

]
T1F

]



]
T1N



]




]

]
M



]



]



]



#QS

]



]
T1N



]
T1N



]



]





]
T1F;CX\


M





]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS




]
T1T

]


]



M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]

]
M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



I(&]N(&1E



]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]

]








]
T1F;CX\

]
T1F

]


3$T+C4\



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
T+C



T1T;W`^5&%X


3(Y+C0I


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



@86YD(&QO

I(&UI;&QI
M;VX@86YD(0Q+C8@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@

M9!N970@86-T=6%R:6%L(&=A:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97
@=&\@:6YC;VUE('=A


#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]T9#X-

]


T1T;W`^1'5R:6YG('1H92!F:7)S


@=&\@04]#22!T

M96YT+!W:&EC:!S:&]U;&0@:&%V92!B965N(&UA9&4@:6X@
C`Q
B!W:71H

M871E;65N='
@=&%K96X@87




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W
M.60R9&4T






M1#@^
R!-;VYT:'

B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
P+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






]















T1T


]



C
N



M



]









M1&YU;3XH

]
T1F;CX\

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@:6YC;VUE

]


]


]


]


]


M






























]


M9VX]

I(&9R;VT@1&5S






]












M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@R+C



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(N


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($YE=!'86EN(A



M8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@









M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]


]


]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]

M86QI9VX]


BXR



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4N



]

]
T1P






]

]


]


]


]


]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]



]




]

]
T1P










]
T1N=6T^*#0V+C0I/'-P86X^






















]
T1R;SX-











]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1P

















5T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M96UE;G0@4&QA;G

M861D:71I;VYA;!D971A:6QS+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



2XU(&UI;&QI;VXL(0H,BXS*2!M
M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D
2XV(&UI;&QI;VX@9F]R(#(P
30L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M

M92!W87
@)#8N.!M:6QL:6]N+`D-RXS(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0U+C0@;6EL
M;&EO;B!F;W(@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E,V$Y,C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?
M.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T,C$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


^

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]


M8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]




M('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-S4N



]
M



]
T1N
M=6UP/C



SDN

]
M




]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


M



]
T1N=6T^*#$N


]


]


]


]


]


]







]

]
M

]



]








S8N




M;7`^

]

]



]
M


T1T;W`^3U!%0CPO=&0^#0H@









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]


]








T1T

@*&)E;F5F


T1T

]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$I/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^

]
T1N







]

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BXY/'-P


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T
M-SED



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


@4')O:F5C=&5D

]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P




]





]

M(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G





]




]

3`P+C





]



T1T;W`^0F5N969I='










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


RPU.38N


]
T1R;SX-




]

]





T1T;W`^06-T=6%L



]
T1N=6UP/C$N


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='
@86YD('!L86X@97AP96YS97
@

]
T1T97AT

]



M;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]




M;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='





]



]
M

]

3(I/'-P86X^







T1T;W`^3F5T(&%M;W5N='
@






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^3F5T('!R:6]R



]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]


]

]
T1P






]


]


]


]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L-#








M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C
L

]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L-#





\

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







3(N



]


]




M1&YU;7`^








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M








T1T;W`^0F5N969I
M=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


RPX







]

]
T1N=6UP/C


U
RXX









]



]
T1N=6T^
M*#(Q







RPU.38N
M


Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@S

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



M(&EN('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='

]

M-SDN

]

]
T1N=6T^*#(N




]



]
M
T1N=6T^*#
Q




M
RPX


M9VX]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









]




]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C



@:6X@06-C=6UU;&%T

;W-S(A);F-O;64I(&YO=!Y970@


]
T1N=6UP
M/C@Q






]



M
2PQ
S0N

]




M1&YU;7`^
RPR-S



]






]






]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3`U




]




]


]

RPR-S

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]












]
M


M9VX]



]
T1R93X-

\

]
T1R;SX-

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]




]


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$I



M86QI9VX]

M;7`^


]

]














]

]


M=7)N(&]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]


M(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4@8VAA;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M86QI9VX]



]
M

M

M1&YU;3XH





]








T1T;W`^4&5N

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]



]
T1N=6T^*#$V
M


]


]




]

]


M='







]






]

3
N






]
T1T


M





]
T1N=6UP/C$V










T1T;W`^/'-T



]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T

]
T1N=6UP/C$V
BXQ/'-P86X^








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]








M83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y






]

T1)1#!%
M




CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]




@*&)E;F5F:70I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]


]



M;3XH


M9VX]


]

]


@*&EN











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3
T+C



M1&YU;3XH


]


]

]
T1N



@*&=A:6XI



T1T;W`^





]
M


]

3`I/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]




]

]




]
T1N=6T^*#(U+C8I

M
3
N





T1T;W`^

]








M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G
L($%D:G5S=&UE;G0L(&)E9F]R92!487@\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6T^*#`N




T1T;W`^1F]R96EG




]





M87)T7V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

0T*0V]N



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\




T1T;W`^06UO





]
T1N=6T^*#DN





M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]
T1N=6T^
M*#DN



T1T;W`^

:6YE



]
M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O5V]R:W-H

2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H


2P@

CY$96
N(#

T0R
M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P


]



]

]
T1T97AT

T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]N('1O



]








M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]






]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


BXU






]


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


RXW

]
M

]


]

M:6]N+!2871E(&]F($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!);F-R96%S93PO=&0^#0H@(`@

BXU


]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

]
M

]



]


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M









]

]




]







]
M

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]














]




]


]

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR




]

M

M9'5R:6YG(#(P



@*)%4D]!(BD@87-S=6UP=&EO;G,@86YN=6%L;'D@=VET:!I

M;W)I8V%L(')E='5R;G


M06YY(&UA=&5R:6%L(&-H86YG97

M:&]D;VQO9WD@=7-E9!I;B!C86QC=6QA=&EN9R!O=7(@15)/02!C;W5L9!H


5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T
M-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR
M.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y


M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]





]



M(%M



T1T;W`^06-T=6%L



]


:6YE($ET96US



T1T;W`^06-T=6%L(&%L;&]C871I;VYS


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DAE9&=E(&9U;F1S(&]F(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






M-RXU


]

@82!P97)C96YT*3PO=&0^










M;7`^-2XS

]




M($)L;V-K(%M





5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?
M9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S
M83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y


M+U-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@;W1H


]
T1T:#Y$96












L







]

]


]



]


]
T1N=6T^*#

]



]


]

]
M







]
T1N=6UP/C
L


M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@*$QE=F5L(#
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@



T1T;W`^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT









]


]







]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






3`X+C





979E;`R*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S









M;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]









]


]

]
M





]
T1R93X-



]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]






]
T1N=6UP/C`\






]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+C


RXX








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


]


]

]





]


]

]
T1P









M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@





T1T;W`^1V]V


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L
3





]


]


]



]








]


]
T1R:#X-


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]






]


]


]

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0Q


]





]
T1R93X-



]


]









M/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S

3`N






]


]

]
T1P








]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M







]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!

\+W1D/@T*






]
T1T

]
T1T

]







]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]





T1T;W`^0V]L


]

]


]



]


]


]


@*$QE=F5L(#$I







]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE

\+W1D







]
T1T97AT


T1T



#QS


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]



]


]


]

]
T1P




]

]


]

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]

]


]


]







]


]

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8Y
RXY/'-P86X^

\




]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8Y
RXY







]






]

]
T1T97AT

]




]


]





]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y-BXR





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

:6YE


3(X+C8\

M


M
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@



]

@:6X@

@*$QE=F5L(#$I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@



]






]


]


@?!3:6=N:69I8V%N=!U










]


]

]
T1P

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]

]


]


]



]


M('P@4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='



]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!

\+W1D/@T*





]

]


]


]

]







]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C




]

]


]



]


]










]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


@*$QE=F5L(#
I







]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE

\+W1D


]
T1R









M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F
M(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]

]
T1P


]


]


]











]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]






]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1T



]

]


]



]


]


]

M;G0@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@*$QE=F5L(#(I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL



]


]

]


]


]

]




]

]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R

N


















BD\+W1D

]




M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M










]

]


]


]














M/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S







]
T1T97AT


T1T










]

]
T1T

]

979E;`S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S









M;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5F5N='5R92!C87!I=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@



]
T1N=6UP/C`N


T1T;W`^5F5N='5R92!C87!I=&%L('P@475O=&5D('!R:6-E



]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M




]











]


]

]
T1P


]


]

]
M











5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T
M-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR
M.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y


M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]


M;'-P86X]


M

]
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]
M

]







]


]


]





M9VX]








]
M





M;65N='


SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






]


@870@


5\T
M
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970Q
#4N:'1M











@*$1E=&%I;'
I/&)R/DEN

S$L(#(P
30\


S$L(#(P

S`L(#(P
34\


]
M
T1T:#Y*86XN(#


M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C8P/'-P86X^

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C

M;7`^)B-X83
[(#$U

]
T1P

M;!996%R+!(:6=H($5N9!O9B!286YG93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C










]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C






]


T1T;W`^




]


]

]


T1T;W`^
C`R



V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?
M.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T




]

@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@









M:6]N('!L86XL(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@8GD@96UP;&]Y97(L(&QO=R!E;F0@

]





]


T1T;W`^52Y3+B!D969I;F5D(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!P;&%N





]
T1R


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!C;VYT



]








]



M:'D@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]


]



T1T;W`^375T=6%L(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]


]










]
T1N
M=6UP/C

]


]
M

]














]

]



M9'

]


]



M('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET






RD@?!-=71U86P@9G5N9',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R
M9&4T

M;G1E;G0]


M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@












]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]

:6%B:6QI



]

]
T1P








@








T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF:6-A
M;G0@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='



@6TQI;F4@


]






]
T1T97AT


T1T



]












]

]
T1T


M







]














]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A


]











@6TQI


]


]
T1N=6UP/C



]
M




]
T1T

]

]


M
5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

M




]






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M96YT/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P




M
S$L(#(P

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


S$L(#(P
3
\


@


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





@2&5D9VEN9R!);G-T

\8G(^06-C;W5N
M='






S$L(#(P
3




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@2&5D


S$L(#(P
3


M





M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/DYO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S($AE


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/DYO=!$97-I9VYA

\




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\8G(^06-C;W5N='

2P@
M


M;&ET:65S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@




\




3`L(#(P



M('-W87!S/&)R/D=4`H)B-X83


\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(L-#`P+#`P
M


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L.#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3$L-3`P+#`P


]


]


]



#`L
#`P/'-P



#`L






#`L








]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#`P
M



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPP
#`L






]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`\





M
#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C4P







C8L-C`P+#`P


]











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q
2PQ
#`L




]


]


]


]


#`\

M+#(P



L-#`P+#`P


]



























































#`I

M(@R+#`P,PP





V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q
M7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T






]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


S`L(#(P



]



]







]
T1N=6T^*#$P+C(I/'-P86X^

BXW*3QS




]
T1N=6T^*#


]



]










I(%M






















M;3XH


]



]



M1FQO=R!(961G97












]


]
T1N=6UP




]
T1N=6T^*#(N






M=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M














M









]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#`N







M;7`^


]







]
T1N=6UP

]




]



]


]






@



]


]



]

]


]



T1T;W`^06UO









M


]



]

]


]






]


]


]



]

]



]



]




M97)I=F%T:79E(AI;F5F9F5C=&EV92!P;W)T:6]N(&%N9!A;6]U;G0@97AC







]
T1R













]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T
M9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T

M=#$Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



T0S/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^









M





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@N




T1T;W`^17%U







]



T1T;W`^06UO

I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@26YC;VUE(&]N($1E

]



]
M

]
M

]

;W-S*2!O;B!$97)I=F%T:79E($EN




]




]







M9!I;B!);F-O;64@;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C









M;W5N=!O9B!'86EN(A



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
Y


M
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T



]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


3(@36]N=&AS



3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L


M1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


]

]

]

]

]

]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$T/&)R


@6TUE

C(L(#(P

M
S$L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M3F5T($EN=F5S=&UE;G0@2&5D9V5S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@




M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q


M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`P
M
RP@




@



]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

SLI/&)R



3`L(#(P






M3&]A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


#8L(#(P
3`\
M8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

;V-K


S$L(#(P
30\

[-3`P($UI;&QI;VX@


M=64@
C`Q
R`F(W@R
&%C.S4P


;W-S/&)R/DEN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4@0V]N=')A8W0\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`P
RP@
C`Q
M

M
3
@)B-X
C!A8SLU
#`@36EL;&EO;B`P+C`E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DUO;'-O






&%C.RD\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`Q
RP@
C`Q


3
@)B-X
M
C!A8SLU
#`@36EL;&EO;B`P+C`E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DUO;'-O;B!#;V]R


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#
L(#(P
3(\8G(^)#4P


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P





M87!S/&)R/B0U
#`@;6EL;&EO;B`S+C4E(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R
#(R/&)R/E-E


S$L(#(P

M/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R-RP@




]


















































]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B`U
#`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P+#`P









#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

]
M

[(#$R










#`L
M






























M;7`^
3`L.#`P+#`P


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@P

]
T1R

\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#(P

]
T1R;SX-






















































































]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#DP
M

#`L



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

#`L






















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4S

T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92P@


]





















C`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M







]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

#`L
#`P











M


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-3`P+#`P




M1&YU;3XH
2PV
#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C
V
2PP
#`L
#`P





M.3@L-S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q




























]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C
N

M;7`^
RXU

]


M
#`P+#`P

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!L96YG=&@@;V8@=&EM92!O=F5R('=H:6-H(&9O


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C

@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$O

RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@4&%Y86)L92!A;F0@3W1H97(@



CY$96
N
M(#

M;'-P86X]
T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


@86YD($%C8W)U86QS

]
M

]


]






M


2XU/'-P86X^





]

]

]
T1F

]

]
M







T1T;W`^3W1H97(H

]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




]


]

T0U/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@





@86YD(&]T:&5R(&%C8W)U
M960@97AP96YS97

@87
@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


M97AT4&%R=%]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$-




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5'-D%-/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WD@*$1E
M=&%I;'



]







M
#$S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



S$L
M(#(P
3

]
T1T:#Y$96




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$Y.3(@3VYT87)I;R!);F

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$T/&)R/D5N

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]
T1T:#Y$96


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R-2P@
C`Q




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

@4F5N97=A;#PO=&0^


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



























M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DU#0D
@96-O;F]M:6


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]





#`L

#`L
#`P/'-P

























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]







]

























]


]


]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!P;W1E


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

#`L









M










]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3`P+#`P


]


]


]



T1T;W`^17%U

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]









































2PV
M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
C0L
3`P+#`P


PV,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

@86YD

#`L

30L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



#`L






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3&]S



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]









;W-S

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.PU
#`L


M


























2PT
#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]




]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



BPS
#`L

#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]












S`L
#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


#`L






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
S`P+#`P




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L
#`P














]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^















]


]


]


]


]


]


]














RPQ
#`L



S`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]








]

T1)1#!%6%)!13X-B`@(`@(#QT



M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y$96

M961I='


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@















M;6%T97

]


]


]



2XV/'-P86X^





5\T
M
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED

O4VAE970Q
38N:'1M










T0Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^

C`Q



S`L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M

M/3-$
CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

CDL(#(P


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97

]
T1R


M;6%T97
L(&9E97

@86YD(&QO











T1T;W`^061J=7-T;65N='


@












]
T1N=6UP/C
N









]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




]

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/ELQ73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;VQS












N(&]P97)A=&EO;G




M('9O;'5M97

@=&AE($-O;7!A;GGB@)ES(&EN=&5R:6T@86-C





V$Y
C@T9%\T
M-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T





]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P
3(\


]


]






]


T1T;W`^


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S





]






]
T1N=6UP/CDR












]

C4Q










]


T1T;W`^


]


T1T;W`^


]


T1T;W`^


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8N

]
T1T97AT

]

M

]
T1T


M
3DN

]
T1T

]



M
5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

M




]




]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#
L(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3V-T+B`P-BP@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#

@9'5E(#(P-#(\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/CPO

#$T/&)R/B0U
#`@;6EL;&EO;B`S+C4E(&YO=&5S(&1U
M92`R

N-24@
M;F]T97
@9'5E(#(P
C(\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

S`P(&UI;&QI;VX@


M3F]T97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`S


C(L(#(P
#4\8G(^


M=&5S(&1U92`R
#$P/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R
BP@


@86YD
M(#(P

M:6QL:6]N(#4N


@-XX-24@
M86YD(#4E(&1U92`R,#$P(&%N9`R





#`L

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS




P


#`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PQ
#`L
#`P+#`P



]


]








5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E
M-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W
M-C%?-#(V.5\Y


3$Y



M:78]

]
M



M96UE;G0@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]



M
C`Q




241!5$5$
M(%-4051%345.5%







RXS/'-P86X^

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PY
M


]


]

M1&YU;3XH-#



]
T1N=6T^*#
V


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6T^*#0X

]
T1N=6T^
M*#

]
T1N=6T^*#$L-S@Q+C(I

M
2PW.3




]
T1N=6UP/C$L





2PQ-S$N


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L




#8N
3QS

]
T1N=6UP/C


M9V]O9'




]
T1N=6T^

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D




S4S+C8\

M

]
M


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@











]



]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X


]














I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


C8N-3QS








]
T1N=6UP/C$X

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE




]
T1N=6UP/C8U-XU/'-P86X^/]S




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W

W+C8\




M

M;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C`N








]


]




]


]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

SDN

]








]
T1N=6T^*#4N
M




M


]
T1N=6UP/C$V

3



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0T


]

]












]










]

]



















]
T1N













]
T1N=6UP


]





]


]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q


]







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C



]
T1N=6T^*#0N








]
T1F




]
T1F;CX\+W1D


]













]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^*#(N

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+C0I/'-P86X^





]



























]



]















]


]


]



]

]


]



]




T1T;W`^


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]
T1T

]






]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]



M;7`^-3DX+C






















M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$










]
T1F

]
M











]
T1F;CX\+W1D



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A










RPR.3
N


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S












]

]









]


]




]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]
M


]











S4N




















]

]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1N=6UP


M/DEN=&5R97-T(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92DL(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@










T1T

]
T1N


]
M








2PP
#`N


]










M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
S$N
RD\

]
T1R;W4^









]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]

]
M





]


]


]

]
M

]



]

]
M



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]








]










]
T1N=6UP/C





]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


CDN.#QS

]


















]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1N=6UP




]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

M/B@W



T1T;W`^








M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]

]






M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R

M;3XH



]





C8T+C



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
Y









]
T1N=6UP/C`\









]
T1F



]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#(S

]
T1N
M=6T^*#


]


]






M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M1&YU;3XH

]
T1N=6T^*#@P+C4I



M9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1N=6T^*#(W
BXX

]


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE






]
T1N=6UP/C4Q








M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.38N

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]








]
T1F;CX\




\

]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]

]








M1&YU;3XH


]

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!-;VQS;VX@

@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



]





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]


]




















3(U+CDI/'-P

C`Q



T1T;W`^17AC:7-E





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]




]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#(P

]
T1N=6T^*#$Y








]
T1N=6UP/C$T
2XR/'-P


]
T1R;W4^#0H@

]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



]







3QS



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]
M




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1T97AT

]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]















]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


M

]










M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#(N

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#0N


M92!T87@@8F5N969I=`H97AP96YS92D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


]

]


]



]

]












M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@U-#(N








]




]






]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

I

@0G)E=VEN9R!#;VUP86YY





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#(N









]
T1N=6T^*#
V
BXQ

]


]



]


]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]


]





2PW.#$N





]


]

#8N

]
T1N=6UP
M/C














]

M86QI9VX]











M


T1T;W`^









]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X



]





]


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4V



]









]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$S




]










]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y



]





]


]


]



]

]


]



]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4W
XU/'-P86X^/]S















]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

SDN


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AI;F-O;64I(&QO









]
T1N=6T^*#4N

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


T1T;W`^

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!-











M;CTS1#$W/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M:71H:6X@
C`Q

M97






@=V5R92!N;W0@9&5F



M;G-E(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@:6YC=7)R960L(&5F9F5C=&EV92!A=!T
M:&4@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('1H92!F:7)S=!Q=6%R=&5R+B!792!A9&]P=&5D
M('1H:7



@:6X@82!M;W)E(&]B:F5C=&EV92!M96%S=7)E(&]F('%U87)T97)L
'!E;G-E('1H870@=VEL;!B971T97(@<W5P<&]R=!P;&%N;FEN9R!A

@8GD@;6%N86=E;65N

M;W(@:6YV97-T;W(@86YA;'ES:7








@:&%V92!B

M



5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E
M-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W
M-C%?-#(V.5\Y


3(P



M:78]

]
M



M970@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W



#4N


]


]


]
M







]
T1R93X-

2PW.3@\

M+#DW


M;7`^




]
T1T


M



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#4X






M:71I97

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]



T1T;W`^1&ES
M8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G


]


]


\+W1D


M
BPS





]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L




]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^34-



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(T+CD\




]
T1N=6UP






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD(&5Q=6ET

]
T1T


M



]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]





]
T1N

]
M

]







]






]
T1N=6UP






]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]

]




]








]






]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@86YD(&%D=F%N8V5S('1O('-U


]






L(&YE=#PO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C




]

2XY

M
3
L





]


]



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@


]

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1T

]



]


T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*






M
BPX.#$N


]



]
M


]



M969I='

]
T1N=6UP/C(N-CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]
M


]






]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^34-0R!S=&]C



]




M8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+C(I/'-P86X^

RXR*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS








]



]
M


]




]















C0Y+C





]

]



T1T;W`^3W1H



]









]
M


M9VX]



]





Q
SQS


]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:6YT86YG:6)L97
L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
CDR+C






M861V86YC97



]




]
T1N=6UP/C
N


]


]

M1&YU;7`^




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#DQ











M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




C@N


]













]
M


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G





2PR
3$N

]


N




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$X
M+#`T

M1&YU;7`^
3@L
S





]
T1N=6T^*#8L
S(Y



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#
W






]
T1N=6UP




]

]



]


]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]


]







]
T1N=6UP/C





]
M





]


T1T;W`^26YT97)C;VUP86YY


]








]


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:6YT86YG:6)L97
L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3






@=&\@



]




]



]


RXR/'-P86X^



]









\+W1D


]
T1R

]
M









]








]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




M1&YU;7`^


]

M86QI9VX]

M='

]
T1R






34N-3QS


]


]


]
M

]








M1&YU;3XH
2PR

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4P


]


]
M


M9VX]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#$Q+C4\









]


]






]


]


]






T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]





]
T1R;SX-




]
T1T97AT/CQS



]
T1N=6T^*#
L

]



]


]










]

]
T1P

M;3XH
C(L













#QS


]



]



]







]



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R
M960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]

]
T1P








]



]
M


M9VX]




]
T1R


]


]

]
T1P

]






]





M;G5M/B@V+#@X

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D


]
T1T97AT


T1T

C(L


M;GD@;F]T97


]



34L
S$X+C(I

M









T1T;W`^5&]T86P@97%U:71Y/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2PS
3@N



]


#`N
















]
T1N=6UP/C0T


2PP-S@N

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8P







M;7`^


#4N


]

]
T1P

L(&YE=#PO=&0^

]



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R

]
T1N







]






]

M86QI9VX]






]


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@
M:6YT86YG:6)L97


]




\






]


]

M-3@N

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(X


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#4X











]


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I







]


T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+W1D

]


]


]

]
M





]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L





S

M;7`^
RPR
3










#4N



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$W+C






]





]


]




M;F]T97

]
T1N





N


]
T1R;SX-

M;7`^


]


]

M
3
L.3DV+C




]

]
M



]


]
T1R


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
M

2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



T0Q/C$@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L


S$L(#(P
M
3

M1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@

CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

T0R/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3(\


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]




@9G)O;2!I


]

]
T1T97AT

]




\+W1D

]


CDS+CDI/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]




]


]





2PS
M.#@N

M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$X-BXU*3QS

]
T1N=6T^*#$L




]





\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1R;SX-

]






M

M9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M

BPV
S4N





]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]






C









]




]
T1N=6T^*#(L



M

]
T1F






2PS



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]

]
M

]


]


]

]
T1T




]
T1T

]
T1F;CX\

]



]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]




\

]





]


]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0T
M



SQS

]




C`Q
B!)

]



]

]
M



M9SY#3TY$14Y3140@0T].4T]
241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%






M=&EV:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C4W
CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C8V


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@










M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@Q

]
T1N=6T^*#8N






]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








M

]





]



]

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1F;CX\+W1D




;V%N(&%D=F%N8V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]







T1T


]
T1N=6T^*#


M1&YU;3XH
BPX-3









M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]



]
T1N=6UP


@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S







M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
#





]



]

]




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]



]



]

]

]
T1T97AT




T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='





]

]
T1T97AT





M




]
T1N=6UP/C






T1T;W`^4&%Y
M;65N='




]
T1N




]


M

]






]






]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6T^*#0Q


M86QI9VX]




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!B96=I;FYI

]
T1F;CX\






]



]
T1T

]


]



M

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.
M5%







]
M
T1N=6UP/C@Y

]
T1N=6UP/C4W.2XR


]


]






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



@86YD(&]T


]


M9VX]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]





]

]
M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1N=6T^*#$L
S@X+C$I







M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@869F:6QI871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]




]

]
M

M1&YU;3XH







]
T1N=6T^



M97

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
#0N



M9VX]

M=&EV:71I97


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


M1&YU;7`^

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]




M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]

]






T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@=&\@06-Q=6ER92!.


]













]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]

]
T1F


]
M

]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





]

]
T1R;SX-




]
T1N=6UP/C`\


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



M='

]
T1N=6T^*#8U+C(I/'-P86X^



]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\




M/D-H86YG92!I;B!O=F5R9')A9G0@8F%L86YC97


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;GD@9FEN86YC:6YG(&%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#
N


M

]
T1N=6UP/C(L







]

]







]

]
T1R



]

3








]
T1N=6UP/C0R




]
T1N=6UP/C0W




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1F



M(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

]



]

]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
N

]



]


M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT

]



]
T1N=6T^*#(L
C4X+C



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


\

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]


]



]

]
T1T97AT




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]


2D\



]

]





]
T1N=6UP





]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]




]




]







T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6T^









]
T1N=6T^*#0N

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T



]

]
M


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F;CX\

]

M/3-$=&]P/D1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='


]
T1N=6T^*#`N

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]





]

]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
C0N
RD\






]


M=VEN9W

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+C0I/'-P



]

]

]





T1T
M;W`^4&%Y;65N='




]









]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$P-2D\

RPR.#(N





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







]




]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X

]
T1N=6UP


T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F



]
T1N=6T^









#


3


M
#




T1T;W`^16QI;6EN871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]


]


]

]
T1F;CX\


]















]





]
T1F


]


















]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)E='5R;B!O9B!C87!I=&%L(&9R;VT@86X@=6YC;VYS
M;VQI9&%T960@869F:6QI871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








]


]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]












\+W1D

]
T1N=6T^*#
V


]


]

]





M/D5X97)C:7-E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@97%U:71Y(&-O;7!E

]
T1F;CX\








]


]

]
M







]




]

]
T1P


M

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


]

M(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]


]




]
T1F;CX\


]



]




]

]
T1P




]
M




]
T1F


]




]
T1N=6UP/C`\





]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]

]

]














]
T1R;SX-


\

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]

]
T1T97AT





M




]
M






]


]


]



]


T1T;W`^/'-T

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@0T%3






M(&%C=&EV:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M









C(R+C






]







M




M
2PS.#@N

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$X-BXU

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`X+C@I/'-P86X^





M/B@Q+#
X

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
30V

]
T1N=6T^*#DT




M;2!A;B!U;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9!A9F9I;&EA=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



]





M


T1T;W`^3&]A;B!A9'9A


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+C


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



M


]


]
T1F;CX\


]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]





]
T1N=6UP/C0T




S0N


M86QI9VX]








C
R






]









]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]



]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T


]

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]

]
M




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
C0N


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1N





]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
M



]


]




]
T1N

]
T1N=6T^*#@N
BD\





]






]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]

]

2PP-3DN

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]
T1T97AT/CQS




]
T1N=6T^*#0X

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]




]

]
M

]




M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0R+C




5T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



@;V8@;W5R($-E;G1R86P@175R;W!E(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@9F]R

5\T
C8Y
M7SDQ-C=?9&(T-SED
F1E-#(Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V4S83DR.#1D7S0W-C%?-#(V.5\Y

2]7;W)K



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





38^
M
R!-;VYT:'


B!-;VYT:'

M1#(^1&5C+B`S
2P@

CY397`N(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

T0R/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
30\

M36%R+B`S
2P@

CY$96
N(#


]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y$96
N










]












M
S8R+C





S4V+C

]
T1F;CX\


]
T1N=6UP/CDW
RXX/'-P


2PP
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]



]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#8R


]

]
T1F;CX\

]

]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#8W



]

M1&YU;3XH





]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

#$N

]
T1N=6UP/C0Y
M


]


M86QI9VX]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]
T1F;CX\



3
















2XY

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


XY/'-P86X^/]S



5T\

]
T1N=6UP/C`N-3QS

]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.30N
3QS

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
T+C




]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]













]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

M

]
T1F;CX\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@





ET\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
T1F



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1F;CX\



]



]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

M;G5M/B0@*#`N




]






5TL6S)=






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXT



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]








5TL6S)=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^

]









]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



]

M


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




5T\+W1D
















T1T;W`^6S)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R
2!V86QI9VX]



N(%=E






5\T
C8Y7SDQ-C=?9&(T
M-SED

O4VAE970Q
C




^+RH@1&\@


$5*




M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



CY$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

T0R/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

M
C`Q

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]

M4F5S97)V97


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


RXV/'-P









]
T1N=6UP/C
N


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C


M=&]P/D1E9'5C=&EO;G

]
T1N



M86QI9VX]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



]


]



]
M

]


]

]




]


]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!B96=I






]


]



]


T1T

M;3XH

M1&YU;3XH




]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




M=')A9&4@;&]A;G

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]

M4F5S97)V97


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]




]


T1T;W`^
M061D:71I;VYS(&-H87)G960@=&\@8V]S='


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M;G

]


M




]


]
T1N=6T^*#`N








]



]

]



]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T







]

]
T1F;CX\


]


]








M86-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C8I/'-P86X^







]


]



]


T1T;W`^/'-T


]

]
T1T97AT

]





]


]



\+W1D/@T*










M9VX@97AC:&%N9V4@:6UP86-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



2XQ

M=7`^6S)=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@8VQA

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]


]



M('=R:71E+6]F9G





M971S+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN



@=&\@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED




T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3


T0B


T0B4VAE970X
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DS
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,34N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I

G
V$Y
C@T9%\T-S8Q7S0R-CE?.3$V-U]D8C0W.60R9&4T
C$M+0T*
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012


Schedule of non-vested RSUs
 PUs and DSUs outstanding and the activity for the period
The following table represents non-vested RSUs
 DSUs
December&#160;31
 2014
(In millions
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
Non-vested as of December&#160;31
 2014


        
December&#160;31
 2014
(In millions
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
Outstanding as of December&#160;31
 2014


        
        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012


Schedule of Share-based payment Award
 Performance Share Units
 Valuation Assumptions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013




        
          

        
          
            

 Performance Share Units
 Valuation Assumptions [Table]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercisable at the end of the year
 and the number of stock options and stock appreciation rights that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
December 31
December 31
December 29
Amounts related to write-offs of uncollectible accounts
We have revised our reported 2013 and 2012 amounts to reflect the inclusion of tax loss carryforwards that have a corresponding valuation allowance in China. See Part&#160;II&#8212;Item&#160;8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Note 7
 Income Tax




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
(In millions
1
1
1
1
5
(1
1
1
1
4
(2
1
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
In previous years
 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#8217;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#160;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#8217;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#160;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods
 and advertising expense for such interim periods have been recast beginning with our first quarter 2014 interim reporting period.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2014



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012




 Including Interest and Other Costs [Member]

          



 2012



          



 2012





          



 2012




 Unsecured Debt

          



 2012




 Unsecured Debt



          



Business Acquisition
 Cost of Acquired Entity
 Purchase Price [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
816
000
000
        
        
$ 2
257
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cost of acquired entity
 liabilities incurred
        
        
        
        
3
400
000
000
        
2
700
000
000
        
        
        
        
585
000
000
        
645
900
000
        
500
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
3
046
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash
 net of bank overdraft acquired
        
        
        
        
(42
300
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
423
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
143
600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
101
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 interest rate percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
424
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
425
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 SDPO
(145
000
000)
(183
800
000)
(196
300
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
400
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Statements of Cash Flow Information
 Business Acquisition
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
1
816
000
000
        
        
2
257
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(74
100
000)
(6
700
000)
105
000
000
        
        
        
        
424
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
683
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
645
900
000
        
        
        
        
645
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
645
900
000
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net
        
        
        
        
$ 3
428
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

816.0 million of cash consideration to the Seller for shares acquired and release of StarBev's pre-existing obligations to the Seller. Also



              

 upon the closing of the Acquisition



              




              
              


              

 which we subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012



              

 which was assumed in the Acquisition and was subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012



              









        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Cash Acquired From Acquisition
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash that was held by the acquired business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]
        


        
As of December 31
As of December 29
1
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized on reclassification of net prior service costs and net actuarial gains and losses to income was 
 
 
During the first quarter of 2013
 we recorded a tax adjustment related to the reclassification of amounts from the investment in MillerCoors to AOCI that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reflect our proportionate share of MillerCoors AOCI at formation. We made this reclassification in 2012 as we believe the new presentation provides improved transparency of our share of MillerCoors AOCI. This tax adjustment
 which should have been made in 2012 with the reclassification
 was not material to either the current or prior period financial statements taken as a whole and therefore the adjustment was recorded in 2013 and prior periods do not reflect the adjustment.


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Note 16
 Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
Unless otherwise indicated
December&#160;31
 2014
 refers to the period from December 30
 2012
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012


        
Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our majority-owned and controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries
 as well as certain variable interest entities (VIEs) for which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We deconsolidated our joint venture in China
 Molson Coors Si'hai (MC Si'hai)
 from our financial statements during the third quarter of 2012
Note 5
 Investments


        
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable
 based on information available at the time they are made. To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
 our consolidated financial statements may be materially affected.


        
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss
 are transferred to the customer or distributor depending upon the method of distribution and shipping terms. The cost of various programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupon programs are treated as a reduction of sales. In certain of our markets
 slotting or listing fees are paid to customers and are also treated as a reduction of sales. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise agreed upon credit terms. Sales are stated net of incentives
We do not have standard terms that permit return of product; however
In addition to supplying our own brands
 the U.K. business (within our Europe segment) sells other beverage companies' products to on-premise customers to provide them with a full range of products for their retail outlets. We refer to this as the factored brand business. Sales from this business are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold
 but the related volume is not included in our reported sales volumes. In the factored brand business
 we normally purchase inventory
 which includes excise taxes charged by the vendor
 take orders from customers for such brands
 and invoice customers for the product and related costs of delivery. In accordance with guidance pertaining to reporting revenue gross as a principal versus net as an agent
Payments made to customers are conditional on the achievement of volume targets
 marketing commitments
 or both. If paid in advance
 years). Where there is no sufficiently separate identifiable benefit
 and the payment is linked to volumes
 or fair value cannot be established
 the amortization of the prepayment or the cost as incurred is included in sales discounts as a reduction to sales and where there are specific marketing activities/commitments
 the cost is included as marketing
 general and administrative expenses. The amounts capitalized are reassessed regularly for recoverability over the contract period and are impaired where there is objective evidence that the benefits will not be realized or the asset is otherwise not recoverable. 


        
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed excise taxes on beer shipments. Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. Taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
 with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority.


        
Our cost of goods sold includes costs we incur to make and ship beer. These costs include brewing materials
 such as barley
 hops and various grains. Packaging materials
 including glass bottles
 aluminum and steel cans
 cardboard and paperboard are also included in our cost of goods sold. Additionally
 our cost of goods sold include both direct and indirect labor
 shipping and handling including freight costs
 utilities
 maintenance costs
 depreciation
 promotional packaging
 other manufacturing overheads and costs to purchase factored brands from suppliers
 as well as the estimated cost to facilitate product returns.


Marketing
 General and Administrative Expenses
Our marketing
 general and administrative expenses include media advertising (television
 radio
 print)
 tactical advertising (signs
 banners
 point-of-sale materials) and promotion costs on both local and national levels within our operating segments. The creative portion of our advertising activities is expensed as incurred. Production costs of advertising and promotional materials are expensed when the advertising is first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively. Prepaid advertising costs of 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
This classification includes general and administrative costs for functions such as finance
 legal
 human resources and information technology
 which consist primarily of labor and outside services
 as well as bad debt expense related to our allowance for doubtful accounts. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 legal costs are expensed when incurred. These costs also include our marketing and sales organizations
 including labor and other overheads. This line item additionally includes amortization costs associated with intangible assets
Share-based compensation is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period of the awards. Certain share-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon change in control
 retirement
 disability or death of eligible employees and directors. Our share-based awards are considered vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing service
 which for certain awards can result in immediate recognition for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or accelerated recognition for awards granted to individuals that will become retirement eligible within the stated vesting period. Also
 if less than the stated vesting period
 we recognize these costs over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved. We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.


        
Our special items represent charges incurred or benefits realized that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification; specifically
infrequent or unusual items
impairment or asset abandonment-related losses
restructuring charges and other atypical employee-related costs
The items classified as special items are not necessarily non-recurring
 however
 they are deemed to be incremental to income earned or costs incurred by the company in conducting normal operations
 and therefore are presented separately from other components of operating income. 


        
Our equity income in MillerCoors represents our proportionate share for the period of the net income of our investment in MillerCoors accounted for under the equity method. This amount reflects adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
 any difference between cost and underlying equity in net assets upon the formation of MillerCoors.


Interest Expense
 Policy
Our interest costs are associated with borrowings to finance our operations. In addition to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents across our business
 interest income in the Europe segment is associated with trade loans receivable from customers
 primarily in the U.K. As noted above
 this includes a portion of beer revenue which is reclassified to interest income to reflect a market rate of interest on these loans. We capitalize interest cost as a part of the original cost of acquiring certain fixed assets if the cost of the capital expenditure and the expected time to complete the project are considered significant.


        
Our other income (expense) classification primarily includes gains and losses associated with activities not directly related to brewing and selling beer. For instance
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Other
Other income (expense)
In 1991
 we became a limited partner in the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club
&#160;Ltd. (the Partnership)
 treated as a cost method investment. Effective November 8
 2013
. We did not make any cash contributions in 2013 or 2012
 and cash distributions
 recognized within other income
Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2013
Note 13
In connection with the Acquisition
 senior notes to purchase Euros in the second quarter of 2012. As a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition
 we realized a foreign exchange loss on our Euro cash holdings.
 
 respectively
 related to foreign currency movements on foreign-denominated financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the financing and the closing of the Acquisition. Additionally
 during 2013
Note 13
Note 17
 for further discussion of financing and hedging activities related to the Acquisition. Additionally
 we recorded losses of 
 
 
 respectively.


        
Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets
 liabilities
 and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Intraperiod tax allocation rules require that we allocate our provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings
 such as discontinued operations and other comprehensive income (loss). The application of these rules indicated that no additional tax expense should be allocated outside of continuing operations for all years presented. We provide for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the U.S.
we consider to be permanently reinvested. Interest
 penalties and offsetting positions related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense. Our deferred tax valuation allowances are primarily the result of uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions. These valuation allowances are primarily related to deferred tax assets generated from net operating losses.


        
Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) represents income and losses for the reporting period which are excluded from net income (loss) and recognized directly within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) as a component of equity. These amounts are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI in the future
 at which point they will be recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a component of net income (loss). We recognize OCI related to the translation of assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than USD
 unrealized gains and losses on the effective portion of our derivatives designated in hedging relationships
 actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
 as well as our proportionate share of our equity method investments' OCI. Additionally
 we do not have the expectation or intent to cash settle certain of our intercompany note receivable and note payable positions in the foreseeable future
As of December 31
As of December 29
1
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized on reclassification of net prior service costs and net actuarial gains and losses to income was 
 
 
During the first quarter of 2013
 we recorded a tax adjustment related to the reclassification of amounts from the investment in MillerCoors to AOCI that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reflect our proportionate share of MillerCoors AOCI at formation. We made this reclassification in 2012 as we believe the new presentation provides improved transparency of our share of MillerCoors AOCI. This tax adjustment
 which should have been made in 2012 with the reclassification
We have significant levels of net assets denominated in currencies other than the USD due to our operations in foreign countries
 are largely due to the weakening of the CAD
 are primarily due to the weakening of the CAD slightly offset by the strengthening of the GBP and certain currencies of our Central Europe operations
 due to the strengthening of the CAD
 GBP and currencies of our Central European operations. OCI gains/losses related to our pension and OPEB plans are due to changes in our plan obligations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Note 16
 Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits


        
&#160;days or less. Our cash deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with multiple
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Cash paid for taxes
Note 14
 Share-Based Payments


        
We record accounts and notes receivable at net realizable value. This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts and notes receivable balances. We calculate this allowance based on our country-specific history of write-offs
 level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with and the economic status of our customers
In the U.K.
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 total loans outstanding
 net of allowances
 were 
 respectively
 and are classified as either current or non-current notes receivable in our consolidated balance sheets. An allowance for credit losses is maintained to provide for loan losses deemed to be probable related to specifically identified loans and for losses in the loan portfolio that have been incurred at the balance sheet date. We establish our allowance through a provision for loan losses charged against earnings and recorded in marketing
 general&#160;and administrative expenses. Loan balances that are written off are recorded against the allowance as a write-off. Activity within the allowance is immaterial for fiscal years 
 


        
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013


        
Maintenance and operating supplies include our inventories of spare parts
 which are kept on hand for repairs and maintenance of machinery and equipment. The majority of spare parts within our business include motors
 fillers and other components that are required to maintain a normal level of production in the event that expected maintenance and/or repairs are required. These parts are inventoried within current assets as they are reasonably expected to be used during the normal operating cycle of the business and are reserved for excess and obsolescence
 as appropriate.


        
Properties are stated at original cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 years. Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Costs of enhancements or modifications that substantially extend the capacity or useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated accordingly. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss
 if any
Returnable containers are recorded at acquisition cost and consist of returnable bottles
 kegs
 pallets and crates that are both in our direct control within our breweries
 warehouses and distribution facilities and those that we indirectly control in the market through our agreements with our customers and other brewers and for which a deposit is received. The deposits received on our returnable containers in the market are recorded as deposit liabilities
 included as current liabilities within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that the loss
&#160;years for pallets
&#160;years for bottles
 years for crates
&#160;years for returnable kegs. We also own and maintain other equipment in the market related to delivery of our products to end consumers
 years
depending on the market
 reflecting the use of the equipment
The costs of acquiring or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly-related payroll costs for internal resources
Properties held under capital lease are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life or the lease term
 whichever is shorter
 and the related depreciation is included in depreciation expense. 


        
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are considered components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. We have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segments each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Additionally
 we determined that the components within our MCI segment do not meet the criteria for aggregation
 and therefore
 the operations of our India business constitute a separate reporting unit at the component level. We evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. We evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in such impairment evaluations. We are required to perform goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests on at least an annual basis and more frequently in certain circumstances. During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets from July 1
 the first day of our fiscal third quarter
 to October 1
 the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter. The change was made to more closely align the impairment testing date with our strategic and annual operating planning and forecasting process. The change in accounting principle is preferable as it will align the impairment testing to utilize the most current information available from the annual operating plan and allow the completion of the annual impairment testing closer to the end of our annual reporting period. Definite-lived intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the assets as this approximates the pattern in which the assets economic benefits are consumed. We continuously monitor the performance of definite-lived intangible assets for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. 


        
 owned investments where we exercise significant influence or VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary. Equity method investments include our equity ownership in MillerCoors in the U.S.
 along with Brewers' Retail
&#160;Inc. (BRI) and Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL) in Canada. In November 2013
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI) and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the Molson Modelo Imports
 L.P. (MMI) joint venture
Note 5
 for further discussion. Additionally
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in Tradeteam&#160;Ltd (Tradeteam) (a transportation and logistics joint venture) to DHL
December&#160;31
 2014


        
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest
 foreign currency exchange
 commodity
 production and packaging material costs and for other strategic purposes related to our core business. We enter into derivatives for risk management purposes only
 including derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships as well as those derivatives utilized as economic hedges. We do not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We recognize our derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value and are classified in either current or non-current assets or liabilities based on each contract's respective unrealized gain or loss position and each contract's respective maturity. Our policy is to present all derivative balances on a gross basis
 without regard to counterparty master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Further
 our current derivative agreements do not allow us to net positions with the same counterparty and therefore
Changes in fair values (to the extent of hedge effectiveness) of outstanding cash flow and net investment hedges are recorded in OCI
 until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item or the sale of the underlying net investment
 respectively. Effective cash flow hedges offset the gains or losses recognized on the underlying exposure in the consolidated statements of operations
We record realized gains and losses from derivative instruments in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Changes in unrealized gains and losses for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are recorded directly in earnings each period and are also recorded in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Cash flows from the settlement of derivatives
 including both economic hedges and those designated in hedge accounting relationships
In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance
 we do not record the fair value of derivatives for which we have elected the Normal Purchase Normal Sale (NPNS) exemption. We account for these contracts on an accrual basis
 recording realized settlements related to these contracts in the same financial statement line items as the corresponding transaction.


        
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. Depending on the benefit program
 we provide either defined benefit or defined contribution plans to our employees in each of our segments. Each plan is managed locally and in accordance with respective local laws and regulations. All retirement plans for our employees in the U.S. and Central Europe are defined contribution pension plans. Additionally
 we offer other postretirement benefits (OPEB) to the majority of our Canadian
 U.S. and European employees. These plans are not funded. MillerCoors
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within OCI. The funded status of a plan
 measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels. Accumulated benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation
 if applicable
We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's potential amortization from AOCI of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates
 of the market-related value of plan assets and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants. As our U.K. plan is closed
 the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. 


        
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate fair value as recorded due to the short-term nature of these instruments. In addition
 the carrying amounts of our trade loan receivables
 net of allowances
 approximate fair value. The fair value of derivatives is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows utilizing observable market interest
Note 17
 for additional information. Based on current market rates for similar instruments
Note 13
U.S. GAAP guidance for fair value includes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Level&#160;2&#8212;Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are less active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e.
&#160;interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from
 or corroborated by
Level&#160;3&#8212;Unobservable inputs that reflect the assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. We develop these inputs based on the best information available
 including our own data.


        
Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of OCI. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. Our primary operating currencies
 other than USD
 include the Canadian Dollar (CAD)
 the British Pound (GBP)
 and our Central European operating currencies such as the Euro (EUR).




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
 other investments such as preferred stock and loans to the investee. An entity also may describe how such investments are assessed for impairment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the method of amortizing debt issuance costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
 -Paragraph 3
 6
 7
 9
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental Disclosures
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Cash paid for taxes
 net of refunds




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
Unless otherwise noted in this report
 any description of we
 us or our includes Molson Coors Brewing Company (MCBC or the Company)
 principally a holding company
 and its operating and non-operating subsidiaries included within our reporting segments and Corporate. Our reporting segments include: Molson Coors Canada (MCC or Canada segment)
 operating in Canada; MillerCoors&#160;LLC (MillerCoors or U.S. segment)
 which is accounted for by us under the equity method of accounting
 operating in the United States (U.S.); Molson Coors Europe (Europe segment)
 operating in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Serbia
 Slovakia and the United Kingdom (U.K.); and Molson Coors International (MCI)
References to Central Europe reflect our operations in Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Czech Republic
 Hungary
 Montenegro
 Romania
 Serbia and Slovakia
 as a result of our acquisition (the Acquisition) of StarBev Holdings S.&#224; r.l. (StarBev) from StarBev L.P. (the Seller) on June 15
 2012
Unless otherwise indicated
On November 14
 2013
 week fiscal year to a calendar year. As such
 our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from December 28
 2013
 to December 31
 2013
 with subsequent fiscal years beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of each year. Beginning January 1
 2014
 quarterly results reflect the three month periods ending March 31
 June 30
 September 30
 and December 31. This change aligned our fiscal year and interim reporting periods with our Central Europe business and MillerCoors
 which were already following a monthly fiscal reporting calendar. Unless otherwise indicated
December&#160;31
 2014
 refers to the period from December 30
 2012
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and our majority-owned and controlled domestic and foreign subsidiaries
 as well as certain variable interest entities (VIEs) for which we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. We deconsolidated our joint venture in China
 Molson Coors Si'hai (MC Si'hai)
 from our financial statements during the third quarter of 2012
Note 5
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.&#160;GAAP). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions used to determine certain amounts that affect the financial statements are reasonable
 based on information available at the time they are made. To the extent there are differences between these estimates and actual results
Our net sales represent the sale of beer and other malt beverages (including adjacencies
 such as cider) net of excise taxes
 the vast majority of which are brands that we own and brew ourselves. We import or brew and sell certain non-owned partner brands under licensing and related arrangements. In addition
Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership
 including the risk of loss
 are transferred to the customer or distributor depending upon the method of distribution and shipping terms. The cost of various programs
 such as price promotions
 rebates and coupon programs are treated as a reduction of sales. In certain of our markets
 slotting or listing fees are paid to customers and are also treated as a reduction of sales. Sales of products are for cash or otherwise agreed upon credit terms. Sales are stated net of incentives
We do not have standard terms that permit return of product; however
In addition to supplying our own brands
 the U.K. business (within our Europe segment) sells other beverage companies' products to on-premise customers to provide them with a full range of products for their retail outlets. We refer to this as the factored brand business. Sales from this business are included in our net sales and cost of goods sold when ultimately sold
 but the related volume is not included in our reported sales volumes. In the factored brand business
 we normally purchase inventory
 which includes excise taxes charged by the vendor
 take orders from customers for such brands
 and invoice customers for the product and related costs of delivery. In accordance with guidance pertaining to reporting revenue gross as a principal versus net as an agent
Payments made to customers are conditional on the achievement of volume targets
 marketing commitments
 or both. If paid in advance
 years). Where there is no sufficiently separate identifiable benefit
 and the payment is linked to volumes
 or fair value cannot be established
 the amortization of the prepayment or the cost as incurred is included in sales discounts as a reduction to sales and where there are specific marketing activities/commitments
 the cost is included as marketing
In the U.K.
 loans are extended to a portion of the retail outlets that sell our brands. We reclassify a portion of beer revenue to interest income to reflect a market rate of interest on these loans. In fiscal years 
 
 these amounts were 
 
 and 
 respectively
Excise taxes collected from customers and remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed excise taxes on beer shipments. Excise taxes on beer shipments are shown in a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of sales. Taxes collected from customers are recognized as a liability
Our cost of goods sold includes costs we incur to make and ship beer. These costs include brewing materials
 such as barley
 hops and various grains. Packaging materials
 including glass bottles
 aluminum and steel cans
 cardboard and paperboard are also included in our cost of goods sold. Additionally
 our cost of goods sold include both direct and indirect labor
 shipping and handling including freight costs
 utilities
 maintenance costs
 depreciation
 promotional packaging
 other manufacturing overheads and costs to purchase factored brands from suppliers
Marketing
Our marketing
 general and administrative expenses include media advertising (television
 radio
 print)
 tactical advertising (signs
 banners
 point-of-sale materials) and promotion costs on both local and national levels within our operating segments. The creative portion of our advertising activities is expensed as incurred. Production costs of advertising and promotional materials are expensed when the advertising is first run. Advertising expense was 
 
 
 respectively. Prepaid advertising costs of 
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
This classification includes general and administrative costs for functions such as finance
 legal
 human resources and information technology
 which consist primarily of labor and outside services
 as well as bad debt expense related to our allowance for doubtful accounts. Unless capitalization is allowed or required by U.S. GAAP
 legal costs are expensed when incurred. These costs also include our marketing and sales organizations
 including labor and other overheads. This line item additionally includes amortization costs associated with intangible assets
Share-based compensation is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period of the awards. Certain share-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon change in control
 retirement
 disability or death of eligible employees and directors. Our share-based awards are considered vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing service
 which for certain awards can result in immediate recognition for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or accelerated recognition for awards granted to individuals that will become retirement eligible within the stated vesting period. Also
 if less than the stated vesting period
 we recognize these costs over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved. We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
Our special items represent charges incurred or benefits realized that either we do not believe to be indicative of our core operations
 or we believe are significant to our current operating results warranting separate classification; specifically
infrequent or unusual items
impairment or asset abandonment-related losses
restructuring charges and other atypical employee-related costs
The items classified as special items are not necessarily non-recurring
 however
 they are deemed to be incremental to income earned or costs incurred by the company in conducting normal operations
Our equity income in MillerCoors represents our proportionate share for the period of the net income of our investment in MillerCoors accounted for under the equity method. This amount reflects adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
Interest Expense
Our interest costs are associated with borrowings to finance our operations. In addition to interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents across our business
 interest income in the Europe segment is associated with trade loans receivable from customers
 primarily in the U.K. As noted above
Our other income (expense) classification primarily includes gains and losses associated with activities not directly related to brewing and selling beer. For instance
Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets
 liabilities
 and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Intraperiod tax allocation rules require that we allocate our provision for income taxes between continuing operations and other categories of earnings
 such as discontinued operations and other comprehensive income (loss). The application of these rules indicated that no additional tax expense should be allocated outside of continuing operations for all years presented. We provide for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the U.S.
we consider to be permanently reinvested. Interest
During the second quarter of 2014
 we identified that we had incorrectly omitted the recognition of a liability for specific uncertain tax positions related to fiscal year 2010 that resulted in an immaterial misstatement of unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings within our historical reported consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 December 31
 2011 and December 25
 2010. We determined the impact of the correction of this error to be too significant to record within our second quarter 2014 results and
 therefore
 revised our historical balance sheets accordingly. To correct for this error
 in the second quarter of 2014
 we revised the unrecognized tax benefits and retained earnings in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2013
 and the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity as of December 31
 2013
 December 29
 2012
 and December 31
 2011. This correction resulted in an increase in the current portion of unrecognized tax benefits included within accounts payable and other current liabilities of 
 as of December 31
 2013
 and December 29
Note 7
Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) represents income and losses for the reporting period which are excluded from net income (loss) and recognized directly within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) as a component of equity. These amounts are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI in the future
 at which point they will be recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a component of net income (loss). We recognize OCI related to the translation of assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than USD
 unrealized gains and losses on the effective portion of our derivatives designated in hedging relationships
 actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
 as well as our proportionate share of our equity method investments' OCI. Additionally
 we do not have the expectation or intent to cash settle certain of our intercompany note receivable and note payable positions in the foreseeable future
&#160;days or less. Our cash deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with multiple
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Cash paid for taxes
Note 14
We record accounts and notes receivable at net realizable value. This carrying value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the accounts and notes receivable balances. We calculate this allowance based on our country-specific history of write-offs
 level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with and the economic status of our customers
In the U.K.
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 total loans outstanding
 net of allowances
 were 
 respectively
 and are classified as either current or non-current notes receivable in our consolidated balance sheets. An allowance for credit losses is maintained to provide for loan losses deemed to be probable related to specifically identified loans and for losses in the loan portfolio that have been incurred at the balance sheet date. We establish our allowance through a provision for loan losses charged against earnings and recorded in marketing
 general&#160;and administrative expenses. Loan balances that are written off are recorded against the allowance as a write-off. Activity within the allowance is immaterial for fiscal years 
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the first-in
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
Maintenance and operating supplies include our inventories of spare parts
 which are kept on hand for repairs and maintenance of machinery and equipment. The majority of spare parts within our business include motors
 fillers and other components that are required to maintain a normal level of production in the event that expected maintenance and/or repairs are required. These parts are inventoried within current assets as they are reasonably expected to be used during the normal operating cycle of the business and are reserved for excess and obsolescence
Properties are stated at original cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 years. Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Costs of enhancements or modifications that substantially extend the capacity or useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated accordingly. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from our consolidated balance sheets and the resulting gain or loss
 if any
Returnable containers are recorded at acquisition cost and consist of returnable bottles
 kegs
 pallets and crates that are both in our direct control within our breweries
 warehouses and distribution facilities and those that we indirectly control in the market through our agreements with our customers and other brewers and for which a deposit is received. The deposits received on our returnable containers in the market are recorded as deposit liabilities
 included as current liabilities within accounts payable and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. We estimate that the loss
&#160;years for pallets
&#160;years for bottles
 years for crates
&#160;years for returnable kegs. We also own and maintain other equipment in the market related to delivery of our products to end consumers
 years
depending on the market
 reflecting the use of the equipment
The costs of acquiring or developing internal-use computer software
 including directly-related payroll costs for internal resources
Properties held under capital lease are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life or the lease term
 whichever is shorter
Goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. A reporting unit is an operating segment
 or a business unit one level below that operating segment
 for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. The operations in each of the specific regions within our Canada
 Europe and MCI segments are considered components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. We have concluded that the components within the Canada and Europe segments each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the Canada and Europe reporting units
 respectively. Additionally
 we determined that the components within our MCI segment do not meet the criteria for aggregation
 and therefore
 the operations of our India business constitute a separate reporting unit at the component level. We evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. We evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in such impairment evaluations. We are required to perform goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests on at least an annual basis and more frequently in certain circumstances. During the fourth quarter of 2014
 we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets from July 1
 the first day of our fiscal third quarter
 to October 1
 owned investments where we exercise significant influence or VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary. Equity method investments include our equity ownership in MillerCoors in the U.S.
 along with Brewers' Retail
&#160;Inc. (BRI) and Brewers' Distributor&#160;Ltd. (BDL) in Canada. In November 2013
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI) and MCBC entered into an agreement providing for the accelerated termination of the Molson Modelo Imports
 L.P. (MMI) joint venture
Note 5
 for further discussion. Additionally
 in December 2013
 we sold our interest in Tradeteam&#160;Ltd (Tradeteam) (a transportation and logistics joint venture) to DHL
December&#160;31
Note 5
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest
 foreign currency exchange
 commodity
 production and packaging material costs and for other strategic purposes related to our core business. We enter into derivatives for risk management purposes only
 including derivatives designated in hedge accounting relationships as well as those derivatives utilized as economic hedges. We do not enter into derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. We recognize our derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets as assets or liabilities at fair value and are classified in either current or non-current assets or liabilities based on each contract's respective unrealized gain or loss position and each contract's respective maturity. Our policy is to present all derivative balances on a gross basis
 without regard to counterparty master netting agreements or similar arrangements. Further
 our current derivative agreements do not allow us to net positions with the same counterparty and therefore
Changes in fair values (to the extent of hedge effectiveness) of outstanding cash flow and net investment hedges are recorded in OCI
 until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows of the underlying hedged item or the sale of the underlying net investment
 respectively. Effective cash flow hedges offset the gains or losses recognized on the underlying exposure in the consolidated statements of operations
We record realized gains and losses from derivative instruments in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Changes in unrealized gains and losses for derivatives not designated in a hedge accounting relationship are recorded directly in earnings each period and are also recorded in the same financial statement line item as the hedged item/forecasted transaction. Cash flows from the settlement of derivatives
 including both economic hedges and those designated in hedge accounting relationships
In accordance with authoritative accounting guidance
 we do not record the fair value of derivatives for which we have elected the Normal Purchase Normal Sale (NPNS) exemption. We account for these contracts on an accrual basis
We maintain retirement plans for the majority of our employees. Depending on the benefit program
 we provide either defined benefit or defined contribution plans to our employees in each of our segments. Each plan is managed locally and in accordance with respective local laws and regulations. All retirement plans for our employees in the U.S. and Central Europe are defined contribution pension plans. Additionally
 we offer other postretirement benefits (OPEB) to the majority of our Canadian
 U.S. and European employees. These plans are not funded. MillerCoors
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in the consolidated balance sheets and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within OCI. The funded status of a plan
 measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels. Accumulated benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation
 if applicable
We employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's potential amortization from AOCI of deferred gains and losses
 which occur when actual experience differs from estimates
 of the market-related value of plan assets and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants. As our U.K. plan is closed
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate fair value as recorded due to the short-term nature of these instruments. In addition
 the carrying amounts of our trade loan receivables
 net of allowances
 approximate fair value. The fair value of derivatives is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows utilizing observable market interest
Note 17
 for additional information. Based on current market rates for similar instruments
Note 13
U.S. GAAP guidance for fair value includes a hierarchy that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach
Level&#160;2&#8212;Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are less active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e.
&#160;interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from
 or corroborated by
Level&#160;3&#8212;Unobservable inputs that reflect the assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. We develop these inputs based on the best information available
Assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of OCI. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. Our primary operating currencies
 other than USD
 include the Canadian Dollar (CAD)
 the British Pound (GBP)
 and our Central European operating currencies such as the Euro (EUR).




        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information
 Statements of Operations
his unaudited pro forma financial information is not intended to reflect the performance which would have actually resulted had the Acquisition been effected on the dates indicated. Further
December 29
(In millions
4
The year ended December 29
 2012
 includes actual results of Central Europe for the period from the Acquisition date of June 15
 2012.


Schedule of Business Acquisition
 Fair Value of Consideration Transferred
The following table summarizes the purchase price
 inclusive of pre-existing debt assumed and subsequently repaid
1
3
Cash
Total purchase price
3
Note 13
According to our agreement with the Seller and in accordance with the terms of the senior debt facility agreement
 upon the closing of the Acquisition
 SDPO payable to third-party creditors
 which we subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012
 in accordance with the terms of the SDPO agreement. The SDPO was held by private investors and accrued interest at 


Schedule of Business Acquisition
 Classification of Cash Flows Used
The following table represents the classifications of the cash flows used
 which are included within our consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 29
2
2
Includes the SDPO discussed above
 which was assumed in the Acquisition and was subsequently repaid on June 29
 2012
$1
 of cash consideration to the Seller for shares acquired and release of StarBev's pre-existing obligations to the Seller. Also
Note 13
 Debt


        
The following table represents the finalized allocation of the total consideration to the identifiable net assets
 fair value of the noncontrolling interest
 and resulting residual goodwill as of June 15
 2012. These allocated amounts were updated for immaterial changes in the first half of 2013 and are now finalized. During the second quarter of 2013 we recorded liabilities in several Central European countries primarily related to local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods. During 2014
 these matters were favorably resolved and we released the associated indirect-tax and income-tax-related reserves
Note 19
 for further discussion. We also made adjustments to the brand intangible assets
 and related deferred tax impacts
2
3
1
2
3
 year useful life
$2
Note 12
 SDPO assumed
 on June 29
The goodwill resulting from the Acquisition is primarily attributable to Central Europe's licensed brand brewing
 distribution and import business
Note 12
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets




        
          

        
          
            

 Classification of Cash Flows Used [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Fair Value of Consideration Transferred [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ (359
600
000)
        
$ (513
700
000)
        
        
        
 (513
700
000)
        
$ (513
700
000)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
6
115
400
000
        
7
338
800
000
        
        
        
7
338
800
000
        
7
338
800
000
        
        


        
5
755
800
000
        
6
825
100
000
        
        
        
6
825
100
000
        
6
825
100
000
        
        


        
324
400
000
        
200
000
000
        
81
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
191
600
000
        
2
418
700
000
        
2
453
100
000
        
2
418
700
000
        
2
418
700
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
483
500
000
        
537
500
000
        
        
        
537
500
000
        
537
500
000
        
        


        
(229
100
000)
        
(224
700
000)
        
        
        
(224
700
000)
        
(224
700
000)
        
        


        
254
400
000
        
312
800
000
        
        
        
312
800
000
        
312
800
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
4
590
200
000
        
5
482
300
000
        
        
        
5
482
300
000
        
5
482
300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
323
400
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
122
000
000
        
314
100
000
        
        
        
314
100
000
        
314
100
000
        
        


        
(101
100
000)
        
(255
000
000)
        
        
        
(255
000
000)
        
(255
000
000)
        
        


        
20
900
000
        
59
100
000
        
        
        
59
100
000
        
59
100
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
870
500
000
        
952
300
000
        
        
        
952
300
000
        
952
300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
31
700
000
        
37
400
000
        
        
        
37
400
000
        
37
400
000
        
        


        
(29
400
000)
        
(34
000
000)
        
        
        
(34
000
000)
        
(34
000
000)
        
        


        
2
300
000
        
3
400
000
        
        
        
3
400
000
        
3
400
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
17
500
000
        
15
200
000
        
        
        
15
200
000
        
15
200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
817
200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
612
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
528
000
000
        
1
693
200
000
        
1
680
900
000
        
1
693
200
000
        
1
693
200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
656
500
000
        
718
200
000
        
764
000
000
        
718
200
000
        
718
200
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Details of intangible assets
 other than goodwill:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
900
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
40
500
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
9
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
18
800
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
8
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
17
900
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
13
800
000
        
17
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 360
000
000
        
$ 150
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 we recognized termination fee income and charges associated with the write-off of the definite-lived intangible asset associated with the joint venture. See Note 5
 Investments for further discussion.Additionally
 in the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013
 we recognized impairment charges related to our definite-lived intangible asset associated with our license agreement with Miller in Canada. See Note 12
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets and Note 19



              

 we recognized impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets in Europe. See Note 12








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014



          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2014



          



 2009



          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 1990


 Lowry

          



 2014


 Lowry

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2010



          



 2014



          



 2010


 category one

          



 2014


 category two

          



 2014


 civil and labor indemnity reserve

          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 58
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
28
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
10
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
5
300
000
5
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss contingency
 number of categories
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
96
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
284
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Indemnity liability
 current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Indemnity liability
 noncurrent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
100
000
        
        
6
400
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
21
600
000
24
100
000
27
900
000
30
600
000
15
200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accrual for Litigation
 Other Disputes and Environmental Loss Contingencies
        
16
600
000
14
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Tax assessment
 production and sales
        
64
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Definite-lived intangible asset
 carrying value
        
        
        
9
000
000
        
        
18
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Range of Possible Loss
 Minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
77
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
132
200
000
68
000
000
        
        
        
        


        
13
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Litigation Settlement
(18
500
000)
(34
900
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Litigation
 damages sought
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
400
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
17
900
000
8
900
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
79
500
000
92
300
000
98
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Environmental remediation expense
 pretax charge
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
30
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
000
000
        
400
000


Accrual for Environmental Loss Contingencies
 Increase (Decrease) for Acquisitions and Divestitures
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
300
000)
        
        


Environmental remediation threshold
 assumed remediation cost
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
120
000
000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Inflation rate assumption
 future costs (percent)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Site contingency
 accrual
 present value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Site contingency
 accrual
 undiscounted amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 7
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Other Disputes and Environmental Loss Contingencies
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for which the entity is one of a number of responsible parties
 and for which the entity is obligated to pay a portion of future costs in excess of this amount.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Litigation Settlement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not own
 certain of the entity's intangible assets. Licensing arrangements include
 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark. Licensing fees are generally
 but not always
 fixed as to amount and not dependent upon the revenue generated by the licensing party. An entity may receive licensing fees for licenses that also generate royalty payments to the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
3
3
(1
(1
1
1
970.1




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Increase (decrease) in unrecognized tax benefits
 current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Litigation Settlement
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Increase (decrease) in unrecognized tax benefits
 current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Litigation Settlement
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
$ 5
927.5
        
$ 5
999.6
        
$ 5
615.0


        
(1
781.2)
        
(1
793.5)
        
(1
698.5)


        
4
146.3
        
4
206.1
        
3
916.5


        
(2
493.3)
        
(2
545.6)
        
(2
352.5)


        
1
653.0
        
1
660.5
        
1
564.0


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
(1
163.9)
        
(1
193.8)
        
(1
126.1)


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        


Total other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#x2019;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#xA0;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#x2019;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#xA0;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 including adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
 any difference between cost and underlying equity in net assets of the investee at the date of investment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts. Excludes excise and sales taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
December 29
 2012


Schedule of Changes in Projected Benefit Obligation Plan
 Assets and Funded Status of Pension Plans
The changes in the benefit obligation
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
3
3
3
4
Service cost
3
4
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
$3
$3
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
 was primarily driven by the decrease in the discount rates used
 discussed below
As of December 31
As of December 31
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
3
2
2
2
2
803.0


        
Amounts recognized in AOCI not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension and OPEB cost
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2013


        
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;29
1
1
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December&#160;31
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) as of December 31
 2014


        
        


        
        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December 29
We develop our long term expected return on assets (EROA) assumptions annually with input from independent investment specialists including our actuaries
 investment consultants and other specialists. Each EROA assumption is based on historical data
 including historical returns
 historical market rates and is calculated for each plan's individual asset class. The calculation includes inputs for interest
 inflation
 credit
Benefit obligations are actuarially calculated annually at the end of each year based on the assumptions detailed in the table below. Obligations under the OPEB plans are determined by the application of the terms of medical and life insurance plans
 together with relevant actuarial assumptions and heath care cost trend rates. The weighted-average rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation for defined pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation for OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2013


        
        


Schedule of Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets Target and Actual Allocations
December&#160;31
 2014


        
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
1
1
(1
(1
3
3
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank deposits
1
1
3
3
156.2


        
Balance at December 29
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
Purchases
 issuances
Balance at December 31
 2014


        
Expected future benefit payments for defined benefit pension and OPEB plans
December&#160;31
 2014
1
187.0


        
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Fair value measurements as of December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plan assets and the funded status of pension plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by location.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Foreign currency forwards
 Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
493.3
        
2
545.6
        
2
352.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Total income (loss) reclassified
 before tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income (loss) reclassified
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Total income (loss) reclassified
 before tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income (loss) reclassified
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Foreign currency forwards
 Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Total income (loss) reclassified
 before tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Net income (loss) reclassified
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Forward starting interest rate swaps | Interest expense
 net | Cash Flow Hedges | Accumulated Net Gain (Loss) from Designated or Qualifying Cash Flow Hedges | Forward starting interest rate swaps | Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Forward starting interest rate swaps
 Interest expense
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              




              

 $(2.3) million and $1.6 million for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized on reclassification of net prior service costs and net actuarial gains and losses to income was $6.8 million
 $7.3 million and $5.4 million for 2014
 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
305.0
        
$ 1
429.6
        

      
        

      



              

 income taxes
 pensions and other postretirement benefits and other accrued expenses. Other current liabilities as of December 31
 2013
 have been adjusted to reflect the correction of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits. See Note 7








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss (gain) on sale or impairment of properties and other assets
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency fluctuations and derivative instruments
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
272.6
        
1
168.2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Acquisition of businesses
 net of cash acquired
        
        
        
        
(2
258.3)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
(1
388.1)
        
(1
186.5)
        
(1
008.8)
        


        
1
382.5
        
1
146.0
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
(2
635.1)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
2
195.4
        


        
        
        
(1
317.0)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
(1
059.2)
        
1
171.4
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
1
078.9
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 fees



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 this investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
 any difference between cost and underlying equity in net assets of the investee at the date of investment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as swaps
 forwards
 options
 and so forth which have debt as their underlying at the time of their final settlement
 which are classified as investment activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents our investment in the joint venture in which the entity has an economic interest of 42 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents our investment in the joint venture in which the entity has an economic interest of 42 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are classified as financing activities
 excluding those designated as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including prepayments
 of loans receivable issued for financing of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are classified as financing activities
 excluding those designated as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporations that are returns of capital. Excludes dividends or distributions from equity method investments classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including capital lease obligations and mandatory redeemable capital securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Class B common stock
 non-voting
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 issued shares
169
900
000
        
167
200
000
        
164
200
000
        
162
700
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
200
000
        
200
000
        
300
000
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
300
000
        
300
000
        
400
000
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
700
000
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance units
 payout value low end of range
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance units
 payout value high end of range
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options outstanding
 intrinsic value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


PUs | Class B common stock
 non-voting
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 issued shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
200
000
        
200
000
        
        
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 we repurchased Class B common shares which results in a lower number of outstanding shares compared to issued shares. See Share Repurchase Program below for further discussion. For all other classes








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Options
 Annual Vesting Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 13
996.3
$ 15
580.1


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
5
537.2
6
103.2


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
2
388.6
2
506.5


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
5
773.3
6
547.7


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the beginning of the period
        
$ 1
121.0


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the end of the period
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the beginning of the period
        
1
134.3


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the end of the period
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the beginning of the period
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment
 before Tax
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive loss (income)
 at the end of the period
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of prior service cost (credit) that has not been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those attributed to years of service already rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Other
Other income (expense)
In 1991
 we became a limited partner in the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club
&#160;Ltd. (the Partnership)
 treated as a cost method investment. Effective November 8
 2013
. We did not make any cash contributions in 2013 or 2012
 and cash distributions
 recognized within other income
Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2013
Note 13
In connection with the Acquisition
 senior notes to purchase Euros in the second quarter of 2012. As a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition
 we realized a foreign exchange loss on our Euro cash holdings.
 
 respectively
 related to foreign currency movements on foreign-denominated financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the financing and the closing of the Acquisition. Additionally
 during 2013
Note 13
Note 17
 for further discussion of financing and hedging activities related to the Acquisition. Additionally
 we recorded losses of 
 
 
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest on securities
 gains (losses) on securities sold
 equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
 net gain (loss) on sales of business
 interest expense and other miscellaneous income or expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Investments Transactions with MillerCoors (Details) (MillerCoors
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Undistributed Earnings
 Basic
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Intercompany Transactions
 Net Payables Due
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolled corporations)
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 which have not been eliminated in preparing the Entity's financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolled corporations)
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 which have not been eliminated in preparing the Entity's financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolled corporations)
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 which have not been eliminated in preparing the Entity's financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolled corporations)
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 which have not been eliminated in preparing the Entity's financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolled corporations)
 accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 which have not been eliminated in preparing the Entity's financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax [Abstract]
        


        
Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) represents income and losses for the reporting period which are excluded from net income (loss) and recognized directly within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) as a component of equity. These amounts are expected to be reclassified out of AOCI in the future
 at which point they will be recognized within the consolidated statement of operations as a component of net income (loss). We recognize OCI related to the translation of assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than USD
 unrealized gains and losses on the effective portion of our derivatives designated in hedging relationships
 actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs related to our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans
 as well as our proportionate share of our equity method investments' OCI. Additionally
 we do not have the expectation or intent to cash settle certain of our intercompany note receivable and note payable positions in the foreseeable future
As of December 31
As of December 29
1
As of December 31
As of December 31
 2014
 
 
 respectively. The tax benefit recognized on reclassification of net prior service costs and net actuarial gains and losses to income was 
 
 
During the first quarter of 2013
 we recorded a tax adjustment related to the reclassification of amounts from the investment in MillerCoors to AOCI that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 to reflect our proportionate share of MillerCoors AOCI at formation. We made this reclassification in 2012 as we believe the new presentation provides improved transparency of our share of MillerCoors AOCI. This tax adjustment
 which should have been made in 2012 with the reclassification
We have significant levels of net assets denominated in currencies other than the USD due to our operations in foreign countries
 are largely due to the weakening of the CAD
 are primarily due to the weakening of the CAD slightly offset by the strengthening of the GBP and certain currencies of our Central Europe operations
 due to the strengthening of the CAD
 GBP and currencies of our Central European operations. OCI gains/losses related to our pension and OPEB plans are due to changes in our plan obligations
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Net income (loss) reclassified
Total income (loss) reclassified
Note 16
 Employee Retirement Plans and Postretirement Benefits




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
State income taxes
Other
 primarily due to the impact of lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses
. In addition to these lower effective foreign tax rates
 during 2014
 our effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax benefits primarily in Europe. Specifically
 and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations during the third quarter of 2014 as further discussed below. The changes to our unrecognized tax benefits
 further discussed below
Separately
 the change in our effective tax rate from 2012 to 2013 was driven by the increase in the statutory income tax rate in Serbia and increased valuation allowance on our deferred positions. Specifically
 the 2012 foreign tax law and rate change impact
 primarily relates to the increased statutory corporate income tax rate in Serbia from 
 effective January 1
 2013 (enacted in 2012). As a result of the impact of the rate change on differences between the book basis and tax basis of intangible and other assets purchased in the Acquisition
 we increased our deferred tax liability by 


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
 valuation allowance in China. For local tax purposes
 these China net operating losses can be carried forward five years. For U.S. GAAP purposes
 these net operating losses have been fully valued as they would not be realizable before they expire. In our 2013 presentation
The decrease in current deferred tax assets is primarily driven by the settlement of our outstanding cross currency swaps. In January 2014
 we early settled the final remaining outstanding currency swaps
Note 17
 for further discussion. The decrease in non-current deferred tax liabilities in 2014 was primarily driven by the intangible asset impairments in Serbia and Croatia
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
 respectively. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance if
 based upon available evidence
 it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We have evaluated the realizability of our deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction by assessing the adequacy of expected taxable income
 including the reversal of existing temporary differences
 historical and projected operating results and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Based on this analysis
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2013


        
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 excluding interest and penalties
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
 2012




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically including the nature of the uncertainty
 the event(s) that could cause a material change
 and an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made. An unrecognized tax benefit is the difference between a tax position taken in a tax return and the amounts recognized in the financial statements for which it is more likely than not
 based on the technical merits of the position
 that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 3
979.0
$ 4
141.9
        


Service cost
 net of expected employee contributions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
4
141.5
3
979.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
596.2
3
353.8
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
667.6
3
596.2
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
(4
141.5)
(3
979.0)
        


        
3
667.6
3
596.2
        


Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Income) not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension cost or (benefit)
 pre-tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
121.0


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
435.6
3
277.6
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
882.6
2
803.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
435.1
3
267.8
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
435.1
3
267.8
        


        
(3
435.6)
(3
277.6)
        


        
2
882.6
2
803.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
816.9
3
955.5
        


Service cost
 net of expected employee contributions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
979.3
3
816.9
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
596.2
3
353.8
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
667.6
3
596.2
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
978.5
3
805.9
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
978.5
3
805.9
        


        
(3
979.3)
(3
816.9)
        


        
3
667.6
3
596.2
        


Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Income) not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension cost or (benefit)
 pre-tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
134.3


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
273.4
3
115.5
        


        
        
        
        


        
2
882.6
2
803.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
272.9
3
105.7
        


        
        
        
        


        
3
272.9
3
105.7
        


        
(3
273.4)
(3
115.5)
        


        
2
882.6
2
803.0
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Service cost
 net of expected employee contributions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Income) not yet recognized as components of net periodic pension cost or (benefit)
 pre-tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Actual Return Exceeds Expected Return on Plan Assets
 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is calculated as net of expected employee contributions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Accumulated Benefit Obligation
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those attributed to years of service already rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              




              

 Note 7








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability
 related to foreign exchange impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We use derivatives as part of our normal business operations to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates
To achieve our objectives
 we enter into a variety of financial derivatives
 including foreign currency exchange
 commodity
While
 by policy
 the counterparties to any of the financial derivatives we enter into are major institutions with investment grade credit ratings of at least A- by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor (or the equivalent) or A3 by Moody's
 we are exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties. This credit risk is generally limited to the unrealized gains in such contracts
We have established a counterparty credit policy and guidelines that are monitored and reported to management according to prescribed guidelines to assist in managing this risk. As an additional measure
 we utilize a portfolio of institutions either headquartered or operating in the same countries that we conduct our business. In calculating the fair value of our derivative balances
We base the fair value of our derivative instruments upon market rates and prices. The volatility of these rates and prices are dependent on many factors that cannot be forecasted with reliable accuracy. The current fair values of our contracts could differ significantly from the cash settled values with our counterparties. As such
We may be forced to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date upon the occurrence of certain contractual triggers including a change of control termination event or other breach of agreement. This could have a negative impact on our liquidity. For derivative contracts that we have designated as hedging instruments
 early cash settlement would result in the timing of our hedge settlement not being matched to the cash settlement of the forecasted transaction or firm commitment. We may also decide to cash settle all or a portion of our derivative contracts before the expected settlement date through negotiations with our counterparties
Due to the nature of our counterparty agreements
 we are not able to net positions with the same counterparty across business units. Thus
 in the event of default
 we may be required to early settle all out-of-the-money contracts
We do not receive and are not required to post collateral unless a change of control event occurs. This termination event would give either party the right to early terminate all outstanding swap transactions in the event that the other party consolidates
 merges with
 or transfers all or substantially all its assets to
 another entity
December&#160;31
 2014
The majority of our derivative contracts qualify and are designated in a hedge accounting relationship. Our foreign currency and interest rate derivative instruments are designated in hedging relationships. Our foreign currency and forward starting interest rate swaps are designated as cash flow hedges and our interest rate swap is designated as a fair value hedge. In certain situations
 we may execute derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting but are determined to be important for managing risk. Economic hedges are measured at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. We have historically elected to apply the NPNS exemption to certain contracts
December&#160;31
 2014
We formally document all relationships receiving hedge accounting treatment between hedging instruments and hedged items
 as well as the risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking hedge transactions pursuant to prescribed guidance. We also formally assess effectiveness both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis
We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when (1)&#160;the derivative is no longer highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a forecasted future transaction; (2)&#160;the derivative expires or is sold
 terminated
When we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively
 but it continues to be probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period
 the existing gain or loss on the derivative remains in AOCI and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. However
 if it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter
 the gains and losses in AOCI are recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding
 we carry the derivative at its fair value on the consolidated balance sheets until maturity
In May 2012
 in connection with the Acquisition
 of senior notes with portions maturing in 2017
 2022 and 2042. Prior to the issuance of the notes
 we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk by entering into Treasury Locks.&#160;This resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes.&#160;Subsequent to entering into the hedges
 market interest rates decreased
 resulting in more favorable interest rates for the issued notes. Consequently
 on settlement of the Treasury Locks recorded in interest expense for the year ended December 29
Additionally
 in June 2012
 we issued a Euro-denominated Convertible Note to the Seller simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition. The Seller had the ability to exercise a put right with respect to the Convertible Note as of March 14
 2013
 (the &#8220;First Redemption Date&#8221;) and ending on December 19
 2013
12
894
 shares of our Class B common stock
. The related conversion feature was settled in full and therefore is no longer outstanding as of December 31
Note 13
In the first quarter of 2013
 we began executing a series of financial foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge our risk associated with payments of our Euro-denominated Convertible Note issued to the Seller simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition in June 2012. The Convertible Note was put to us in the third quarter of 2013. The related conversion feature was settled in full during 2013 and as a result
 all existing foreign exchange forward contracts related to the Convertible Note were settled in the third quarter of 2013. These contracts were not designated in hedge accounting relationships. As such
On April 3
 2012
 at issuance)
 which was funded upon close of the Acquisition on June 15
 2012. In the third quarter of 2012
 we designated the term loan as a net investment hedge of our Central European operations. In the third quarter of 2013
Note 13
During 2014
 per annum and pay a rate to our counterparties based on a credit spread plus the three month LIBOR rate
 notes that results from fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate
 specifically LIBOR
December&#160;31
 2014
 recorded in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations
 notes attributable to the benchmark interest rate. Accordingly
December&#160;31
 2014
Note 13
In the second quarter of 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
 and we intend to enter into multiple additional forward starting interest rate swaps up to the date of the forecasted issuance. The forward starting interest rate swaps have an effective date of September 2015 and a termination date of September 2025 mirroring the terms of the forecasted debt issuance. Under the agreements we are required to early terminate these swaps in 2015 at the time we expect to issue the forecasted debt. We have designated these contracts as cash flow hedges. As a result
Additionally
 private placements notes in Canada
Note 13
 fixed rate senior notes
 and the impact of the forward starting interest rates swaps on the effective interest rate of each issuance. We had designated these contracts as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest payments on a future forecasted debt issuance. As a result
 the realization of the forward starting interest rate swap upon debt issuance
 which were originally recorded to AOCI
. In September 2011
 cross currency swaps. As a result of the settlement
 were reclassified from AOCI to other income (expense)
 net related to the hedge termination. Simultaneously with the settlement of the swaps
In October 2011
 we simultaneously extended both the terms of approximately half of the original intercompany notes and cross currency swaps
 was left unadjusted and continued to be due in May 2012. Following this extension
 in November 2011
 we dedesignated all of the remaining swaps as cash flow hedges and designated the aggregate swaps as a net investment hedge of our Canadian business. Following the dedesignation of the cash flow hedges
In March 2012
 of our original cross currency swaps that was not refinanced in October 2011 as discussed above. As a result of the 2012 settlement
During 2013
 notional
 and in January 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
As of year end
 we have financial foreign exchange forward contracts in place to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. We hedge foreign currency exposure related to certain royalty agreements
 exposure associated with the purchase of production inputs and imports that are denominated in currencies other than the functional entity's local currency
As of year end
 we had financial commodity swap contracts in place to hedge changes in the prices of natural gas
 aluminum
 including surcharges relating to our aluminum exposures
 corn and diesel. These contracts allow us to swap our floating exposure to changes in these commodity prices for a fixed rate. These contracts are not designated in hedge accounting relationships. As such
 changes in fair value of these swaps are recorded in cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. We hedge forecasted purchases of natural gas up to 
 aluminum up to 
 out in the future for use in our supply chain
 in line with our risk management policy. For purposes of measuring segment operating performance
 the unrealized changes in fair value of the swaps not designated in hedge accounting relationships are reported in Corporate outside of the segment specific operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing is realized. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from Corporate to the operating segment
We utilize market approaches to estimate the fair value of our derivative instruments by discounting anticipated future cash flows derived from the derivative's contractual terms and observable market interest
 foreign exchange and commodity rates. The fair values of our derivatives also include credit risk adjustments to account for our counterparties' credit risk
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2014
 we had no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. New derivative contracts transacted during 2014
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;31
 2013
December&#160;29
 2012
December&#160;31
December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 31
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
During the periods presented we recorded no significant ineffectiveness related to these cash flow
December&#160;31
 2014
 will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. For derivatives designated in cash flow hedge relationships
December&#160;31
 2014
For the year ended December 31
For the year ended December 31
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Other income (expense)
For the year ended December 29
Interest expense
Other income (expense)
Interest expense
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 we became a limited partner in the Colorado Rockies Baseball Club
&#xA0;Ltd. (the Partnership)
 treated as a cost method investment. Effective November 8
 2013
 we sold our 14.6% interest in the Partnership and recognized a gain of $22.3 million. We did not make any cash contributions in 2013 or 2012
 and cash distributions
 recognized within other income
 from the Partnership were immaterial in 2013 and 2012. Additionally
 during the first quarter of 2013



              




              

 we used the proceeds from our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes to purchase Euros in the second quarter of 2012. As a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the Euro and USD prior to using these proceeds to fund the Acquisition



              

 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 related to foreign currency movements on foreign-denominated financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the financing and the closing of the Acquisition. Additionally
 we recorded a net loss of $4.9 million during 2013
 related to foreign cash positions and foreign exchange contracts entered into to hedge our risk associated with the payment of this foreign-denominated debt. See Note 13
 Debt and Note 17
 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for further discussion of financing and hedging activities related to the Acquisition. Additionally
 we recorded losses of $7.1 million
 $0.5 million and $1.4 million related to other foreign exchange and derivative activity during 2014
 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Derivative Fair Value (Details) (Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivatives
 fair value
 net
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivatives
 fair value
 net
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative asset
 fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivatives
 fair value
 net
        
        






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivatives
 fair value
 net
        
        






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative asset
 fair value
        
        






        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative liability
 fair value
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


          


















          


          


          






          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
$ 7
656.5
$ 3
656.0
        
        
$ 3
572.1
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 29
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
7
957.9
3
866.8
        
        
3
623.6
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
8
630.1
        
        
        
        
8
630.1
4
199.5
        
        
3
747.6
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
(1
053.3)
        
        
        
        
(1
053.3)
        
(1
053.3)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 7
886.1
        
        
        
        
$ 7
886.1
$ 4
439.9
        
        
$ 3
871.2
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Payment on Settlement of Convertible Debt
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Proceeds from Settlement of Convertible Debt
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Increase (Decrease) due to Reclassification
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 redeeming or purchasing the interests of noncontrolling shareholders
 issuance of shares (interests) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to the parent entity for other than cash
 and a buyback of shares (interest) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary from the noncontrolling interests).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Total other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
(1
053.3)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Tax
 for the period
 pertaining to its equity method investments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basic earnings per share (EPS) was computed using the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS includes the additional dilutive effect of our potentially dilutive securities
 which includes restricted stock units (RSUs)
 deferred stock units (DSUs)
 performance units (PUs)
 performance share units (PSUs)
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
(In millions
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
RSUs
 PSUs
Our calculation of weighted-average shares includes Class&#160;A common stock and Class&#160;B common stock
Note 9
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;29
Stock options
In June 2007
 convertible bonds) due July 2013. On July 30
 2013
. The required premium payment was settled in cash and entirely offset by the cash proceeds received from the settlement of the call options we purchased in 2007 related to these notes. As a result
 these notes and related call options did not impact our shares outstanding. Additionally
 impact on diluted income per share for any period in which they were outstanding. Simultaneously with the issuance of these notes
 we issued warrants which began expiring in December 2013 and the final warrants expired February 6
 2014
In June 2012
 convertible note). On August 13
 2013
Note 13
 for further discussion. As a result
 the &#8364;500 million convertible note did not impact our shares outstanding and was excluded from the computation of the effect of diluted securities on diluted earnings per share for all periods presented.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
$ 3
667.6
$ 3
596.2
$ 3
353.8


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
3
530.7
3
156.2
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


Bank deposits
 short-term bills and notes
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


Bank deposits
 short-term bills and notes | Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


Bank deposits
 short-term bills and notes | Significant observable inputs (Level 2)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


Bank deposits
 short-term bills and notes | Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
1
137.5
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
1
137.5
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
1
149.7
1
100.6
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
1
105.7
1
073.4
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
(1
185.8)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
(1
185.8)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected term
 minimum (in years)
        
        
        


Granted
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Compensation cost not yet recognized on nonvested awards
 period for recognition
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the beginning of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Granted
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the end of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the beginning of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Granted
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the end of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 vested in period
 fair value
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Intrinsic Value
 Amount Per Share
        
        
        


Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the beginning of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Granted
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Forfeited
 weighted-average grant date fair value (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


Non-vested
 weighted-average grant date fair value at the end of the period (in dollars per unit)
        
        
        


RSUs
 DSUs
 PUs and PSUs
        
        
        


Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested [Roll Forward]
        
        
        


Equity instruments other than options
 vested in period
 fair value
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
413.3
        
$ 1
650.0
        
$ 1
685.9
        
$ 1
178.3
        
$ 1
489.7
        
$ 1
665.4
        
$ 1
659.7
        
$ 1
184.8
        
$ 5
927.5
        
$ 5
999.6
        
$ 5
615.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
781.2)
        
(1
793.5)
        
(1
698.5)


        
        
        
1
168.0
        
1
188.5
        
        
        
1
028.4
        
1
171.2
        
1
178.0
        
        
        
4
146.3
        
4
206.1
        
3
916.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
493.3)
        
(2
545.6)
        
(2
352.5)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
653.0
        
1
660.5
        
1
564.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
[1]
[2]
        
        
        
[1]
[2]
        

      
        

      



              

 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#x2019;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#xA0;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#x2019;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#xA0;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts. Excludes excise and sales taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
413.3
$ 1
650.0
$ 1
685.9
$ 1
178.3
$ 1
489.7
        
$ 1
665.4
        
$ 1
659.7
        
$ 1
184.8
        
$ 5
927.5
$ 5
999.6
        
$ 5
615.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
781.2)
(1
793.5)
        
(1
698.5)


        
        
1
168.0
1
188.5
        
1
028.4
        
1
171.2
        
1
178.0
        
        
        
4
146.3
4
206.1
        
3
916.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
493.3)
(2
545.6)
        
(2
352.5)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
653.0
1
660.5
        
1
564.0


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
163.9)
(1
193.8)
        
(1
126.1)


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
676.6
4
784.7
        
4
839.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
482.8)
(1
491.5)
        
(1
503.9)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
193.8
3
293.2
        
3
335.6


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
934.1)
(1
968.8)
        
(1
954.2)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
259.7
1
324.4
        
1
381.4


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
000.2
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
021.8
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
360.0
1
388.8
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
061.6
1
086.8
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
168.6)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
927.5
5
999.6
        
5
615.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
781.2)
(1
793.5)
        
(1
698.5)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
146.3
4
206.1
        
3
916.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
493.3)
(2
545.6)
        
(2
352.5)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
653.0
1
660.5
        
1
564.0


Marketing
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
163.9)
(1
193.8)
        
(1
126.1)


Special items
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other income (expense)
 net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 including interim periods within 2013
 we recognized advertising costs in expense over the interim periods within a fiscal year based on the proportion of net sales volumes for the interim period in relation to the estimated annual net sales volumes under U.S. GAAP
 which permits the allocation of costs across interim periods within a fiscal year when future periods benefit from the expenditure. Advertising expenses were not deferred from one fiscal year to the next. During the first quarter of 2014
 we changed our method of accounting for advertising expense for interim periods such that advertising expense is recognized as incurred
 effective at the beginning of the first quarter. We adopted this change as a result of management&#x2019;s belief that the new method is preferable and results in a more objective measure of quarterly expense that will better support planning and resource allocation decisions by management
 results in improved financial statements for investor analysis
 and further aligns our treatment with that of our U.S. operations within MillerCoors.&#xA0;The new policy of expensing advertising costs as incurred additionally eliminates the uncertainty in estimating overall expected net sales volumes
 advertising expenses
 and the benefit period of the advertising on an interim basis
 and conforms the Company&#x2019;s interim accounting policy with that used to prepare the annual financial statements.&#xA0;The change will be applied retrospectively to all prior interim periods








        
          

        
          
            

 including adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses
 and to amortize
 if appropriate
 any difference between cost and underlying equity in net assets of the investee at the date of investment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this item represents the entity's proportionate share for the period of the net income (loss) of its investee (such as unconsolidated subsidiaries and joint ventures) to which the equity method of accounting is applied. Such amount typically reflects adjustments in preparing consolidated statements
 including adjustments to eliminate intercompany gains and losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts. Excludes excise and sales taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 11
119
177
834
        


Class A common stock
 voting
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
2
559
794


Class B common stock
 non-voting
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
162
861
262


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
2
894
040


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 shares outstanding
        
        
17
567
143




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
3
3
(1
(1
1
1
970.1
 
 
 respectively. Loss and breakage expense related to our returnable containers
 included in the depreciation expense amounts noted above
 was 
 
 
 respectively
 and is classified within cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations. Additionally
 the previously mentioned depreciation expense for 2014 includes accelerated depreciation associated with management's proposal to close one of our brewing facilities in 2015
Note 8
 Special Items




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0000024545-15-000004-xbrl.zip

30Q
C
Q+GAM

;
F2/+/ZJ@
B2Q+&)

5D!
=

XKB






M3UZ


M?[3]@P@][QV)\BO^-K\P]B?50\!?5`P@3A;1GNOQ-Q4_2+S%UHM

MQ/1J7M?U7]-OBTOC:=6%^+;\K__W\\W#Y!7-O?7%_O&+KXJWP=;I?_V=/.QC
MG'YSCYY_21_^\36%*(;'50Z$O^$7^;#ZELS#_WR(_?EBAH?T:WJ;S
I-PB!!

M#[]QY'^)$ORWW_=_7'VE%]+CUD]98%5,)QN/1C+(4IL[5^RT'%\?D-UM]M
M_@(%T_7UO(!!N'[@M+@Z_VS]R/R3E8#VB
\<+&FV,Q\GL'RC(UKRPF'/7#_P$

M&E4I=]G17J]
MN[CK3'I_(]R@BFU8MM00+'Y(&D5-[

O6I\#&F4S_!



#M7:`*F@@52T6X?31)8<H-`/













VPDUJG



M*

SWC7^L
M+@RFQIS

M#K4M;6PE*'UJV^XVPU:48[T2S'K?S'80N5Y#'EJ3[G.-N3%)W5]\Y[T34D3D




MP:$?:3-6H
2

M#AX'I




_#M[PQV'TSBZD3A1-!KDS9#.^VC<)3%-_
MIHF20MCS

M$4H\


M9HCF1QK-4P#=]E+D1*96NG5T\GZWC:O7HQNPIAA\GM6-ORP&,:7^&ZH'E/






%S/HO;+<ORR<^-W2N@@YAJ+DH^(.`.

119&?A(#R9E%^3
KC

MIX2\=L%0\I39)Q
`W%2V[I
Y/M[1)5;92N_2C=4Q;CUIDCB
&8F#=+H]L$H(
MH$870%$!]29S!6/&ZCZXX321',!Z'4`+;CMTWA2





Y'LX'$KKH;8TO4''^'`*(V)\(Q-TL(H+.CM

SXDM5(ZU4O@!
MG+D;X]+-(@R9TB*/%GO!U
+71]XDB1]1--_(92)LDO-2W/#Y)HPQXWGP9BA\

M[$)OV04*$E9'=G^

+\-VC


M5Y^#5DF.'L(YXAB[1@=PXXDA3.YUV\4H1FGGOH1OTA7^0P;/.FC/BBT$1IQT



`R(B
)M



RJPF@3+
MBU_OPMA/]X]ZP71G;HI2&E$AA3A++F/2QVRA*WPV7M?=S*X8
7TF;=1D_)


'1CT^*#5%ULW(G[X@UYND_9O)YIO!XVC?
MD




U--DQND-;_@]0Y'J!J1U
M*2($KET%KEV153H#9-K
U4G


M%



PA

'ME3(P$\B9#`'IE.9


$F'8SR#XF73#40#K80#-5
V6^U<!
MQ1X/Q:8DY]=-K?:H@`V[SC=R\AY)@X-VQ+HNT[+8T'KU`V_`R9)^ROTJ
MI0I0AJT(+=ENV(I`!^[;1P+MGN8MIN]3`ED_B#S1WD<V4NS5UB*'/12)!6&
MNO

0X

M]

`+T8#GZ`)QW_L.RZ\V]ZR7[ME
8



`0=%39H\2MB!`



M.T.)F-.F&'1\4-
)_(SJB3R9;8%Z4LZO3HN703VIC8I/FTC02P:F$UO;+^&;
MR'6QG_(117

MW#[W#R](&8F-)N2#+A'47:S;WBXS+#8P`&``.LCOI/3R!
RW4'3E=G^ZD.M-

[:*$)OC(YM.86]




M9=!
M%G+







M=VP^@6W2QS8I





M%BJ`^H^3!@`E[(


)6OW
'RS1)&N81\;

M&R)CO0ZFZ'G]R0YWBLWWS]Y_PBAK

.K
8F\-FW5DT




M0B



M*Y




?^T74XM8U[%3=+0@M?




MZ9VR_(OMQVD'-O;4ZP2AK










4JX$M:XM7^WDDINTY6=E
M3J$O&?0EHS4/2GP9?WQK8K$4\GDY2_P\C6!ZP7?6EX#V8?.T$7?FZ_C4!C:^

XRMDSK?[


M0H#$&BQ9?6;FMWBF9A&WG/ROH-_?9@#P=I^T?7H0FC8'_YK@DSR)Z(+8=V

M;BASV
V



M
=-]Y
V*Y$&6.QC29%8-:WQ$_?C*XV`F?!@9K\/FUD;/*(K0-/5+WP*?Q8
1
M*J9OW[!8-\6U%HX'
8.])$
H84B';2RH+#/V]]3
-6CO`+(:)RTS#V2^^UFJ
MZ)T0GZK?L*MEH'I_V&M#@HMA_UW7G

DC\;L'PZK`0B
!M@G5.FNNY;DQ^]:
M

MI8B0[!EDH0LH^

MJF@F0UW\X-X+7K:S')^]G_Y\R6`_V&8RV2<\L)#=.JS=$AY8LF:!Z0<`S+.!
MN2F\\5G,4X`YH)6\\7:ENZ#9*/C&8?E&!L-






$13:.&_#83P$8
P&8!1XN(:3
DS$/V3L'V-+P'
M+TF9EVRW1?[NP3FPG$O]<F[G9]H)JC'!&U4^N(%5B#/+)'G]L]
/WTY!.P1
M'3ZJA062BZ@K&!GVC4Q+1/ATCP5Q4!]Q$(T^!FP)H[:D)?]T$9@@6]=WMJY]








M0*.1;4G@
0?L
5LZ.;/1Y!88

EV=2B6+W)V-A#



WHU@^HF4(0;M[
P;2Y1S





M(6;6JH$/'0D%!@_5


P_/%HC]Q&
6


M)[


(@
&S;DWK4`E@\.PKK``*
M.PR%K9.I`H4]H+#[B\-HU%L(/JC2OH'L&6-+!VMAH=Z'JM!'0`
KTZ4#7
M&5AF=0``^B`166VH4HAQQY&A
N^WH*205'?L!`-N=9A*`GD6D%O85%SG'H[
MGD7-%O2VHNUE'9VUO



MWZX
:;)\P\UJC=
W@S=LWQN.'&)=.%A`?$^(O\9WC%!
#KNY#IYGZ=DV-W[P

WB
DMNGF?^2[L0!YWF!.3HJ
M5ODM.I$^[WZQZ(&]/?J!^1O5\<OEEAX7HR


&J07
ME+\



MJ*T'`-H1(Z0?[C#T6E
VN0-4G7:P]W;H3('RO;?`[9R!U[\M;][#Q$(3V:





M[W-@/ECV%&52E!9)^F]8.E\\TDABY[YMJA[K';M=(40'DV?$S59*S!63T;
M-)7NU2EG!=7M1'7=

M)6AJS


[^;NJ)
F&!2\?P5/&^M
\4M;^!Z1


M9#





MW)9C)$BZ
&TJ`AEVZPJ9Q/4-^A




MHSG!!



M[3&K]I'#/WK7[/S]!LO2VSU0A'WEK@0`*'AM!7^

MX

M/.*`F2[*DT#3:5=GZ&0A,5$MI1Q2`+'(6K``H(_J(%S8;%)EALHEJC^\[&
;@.(/9K;@/[QH'^-:@$/
M6L@%HB@!8UJ@0A:T+46-)%EK9:SZ<5^O!.'1=%[RO47842:+LU))ZKBU[8?




1\5S_O&!`N_59



.^';4/ZD3?[Y
K1V[X`4'3G/RX\?WQ=H[/N(/;T(O


MVZ





M)4R0O41D#ZG


MVX&7QY?3^Z
HC#^MW`^V`X


M/T;1H_?3\M_\F1%












ZA8


M[
;!\4=$RSHVR7Y-




M6
J*GHHLTA^ZQM`[2XFWM+%A\[2A
T%Q^Q2'


M:*CR`\Q4;Y2ZQ29`D`UB
@B^9TB+#1<6&4)F-J$<(O-X0`L0P
+]60$(FH:
M(NKVUYL:JVJ&G!U%%5Q4I%X:7\H$FT2#3:)M@3
_R@?L%H-VJYM3GB`9S4


GQ25U[D]Z:!O8DTV)-W-G

M9V\68^M=NG?QQ%6@Y_KQQ)NMUA!(:N;XPQV5



#KR5]`=4_ZPQ77V/JCT&H2Y'7^Z*DNF



_#X$))]]3VQ'?+A/
MJ=^L*V9*_Y?NJ@(!X2+%


N;.^]PMGW`([\Y

M_
Z+W:
]JZ7(JH6?H0J&X'*<6DR7(6`5^^WS[<W#[9=?
MK-O;^X=?S'OGW]=?/N%_;;[.]D-WWNA?X6R)27V4R;
&@F0!0\8T+=OD'=TU
\Z3B?4@^B.#[??X4SHX_7]0L4W-DSE6PW`D
M#4]'00





#2.$
MQYT33/S/'UXT[5`?'4N7.0''AP(F\+J`N:I+]%&7L=LR)6E7=)*J\&V*3CHN

R%DGLLA#7TM@:M;)$+TY0YWE$-`8=GF'W)MD@HF6[S
MAFP;FT8H30!*W.I__0TZ__K$D:J.BSFGH2BJ*[FN)')8._!(L6O&&H!I]N[T
MRNV-%`^44[\*QB+BN0;



M49#X=J5((Q=U



B&6]&%):80RP*




DMS].$SOMT;PHKP-$





H*3(HE*JI=&JG



&M$6;R@

MAPE?A?3K!74REQB_*(XWOA9D00AV8\G]'9S=RSWXTJRQ5F6:V;S_&\:[F%

C'I$7+/0)OF25[*0E;@KA@=(=$A$T35HNYM\%IJZ!1D@0V


MRS!S@3G85Y3




6RHERO`%34]`^&S-/'\C7[A=LI9-




MX&2IE*86%;4E$6\

M9$'2BF+'#D30BJC3!=CMZSJQRHK&80]HF8[FFK:K82.AY%BV
+$KE^;I2EMF
MN4($[8EZ\S=X3KNS'KJK:YJNNX)K*XHB8IO




M!5G2+8O3#

!Q#\KHA.1H9H<TIEJY)I64W7I;VCK!B*.M!




XQ&;*DB2:GN**.`WA7

MKSL:[XJ2(BJN9'


MB*L'4C76?X5[6_(VWOIUIZL+?I)HJHXI:KK&FZ+




MPMLU



M!).J-O0U?)QE2ZZEN;PEJZ)CB(9@NJN





M`TF55
W2'546;9Y7+0





MBV





#E+Y25!4?'T

GG#OLO=O

8T?BN.O$IJ*6V87.\WOHQ9&7:V(\!^V5SAL&]AV&:*B.

M^9)-CN^P@^$
CIS1+=BR9$FF;9G%
2:\7M[[IVA:+36Z8&#;3NFR6%#D--G!


R%-K*3BI0F:KD&*Y)=N'Q.9_FW/)

XF#

M'JUIAJ&53]N4Y89?OCIO?D%BPK15T;8U3!)


MDJ4WNT?)

)X&:&X
MXMOM+2
H(

_\+*1X





M2[





[Y2Z&6:'
\G@Z#XU0=DV=3*!J6ZT8%/]DM1^II
M+HKSFV^?UT43J^O(IK#5'K+XSO/+QYK69RMF*@=+$DT20.F8K)CK%3VS?(J]
MP-?$ZBGOW[DX*#09I`V/F%9SZJJ@&[R)?5VQ8T(J)]HU&:;A4MO`D]TVFJ.Z


!E#'-L

M@J))I+V
)*B27G37-WFSO+95CQR=

MJ%C[CL.`6G$5KBNX6`O1W9K8!50Q908Y+6$=OG4IP$HQ1&2H(LV;_/D,QR
MCA&/+297].(V'+E\XL)`!$*C:3`LAY

MT'DSLN:'H%_5#J@/_//_WH+7?LR!MN3^U]Q=1?FCMX.ORQ;I])#TTKT_+(.N
MFC^OZ/SE[_2?NO_XZN][)'EJ'-V9DK37L0HQ:EP8`N$Y_CRJ#ORS^^E8N@

:/S]\N+E(&
MHS=CVJ&;OOAWOJM_[N_##`Z%]D5)`G-`MDH+U@U!
:&N-N2;0YR[//W!P3@1
MWK!2`L+(D2R#7[U(DJ-43+3#



JU$LC$K[\O0%?1+V.#'NHBB<W9N]L\[+.O]01/
8*UL3262X8+7VA[
M.[]-
)#U2/H?`N#=
X[(!GL?$BAR0A7WF%+7]D:CK1I7G9[
;D^Y':00A$S:


4`,-\3W@-@BRB3<MXD*PYM!I\ER@9E:O2\Z4\)+:_;_JL/)B6$<J/






B
EH'R
MLQUA5EIE&:
#E[)1G&.2G;1B6
E*6
+L3ACEA[


%_

F#9-EAN[M3EGHRZ9X93NU1X.,3&0;
MR%D*F!`1]G!JK*OF/T^#/)T^'TP7US[TQ
.1NTTB??3X;@D9H^J5EL%5OY!



MZ;/6MBW)45:Q=:D)H.X#W0/7$N#A;#$V=/9I\NMD?%GR:E/S1SV.Y.%:F_)G

N\/L#)BL8F1I$'2B:AN7*9;(_JJ$DFNG.GUJ[B[RF^3

YGT^6LU=IPYO+
M


%DS&7
K$F*Y=`.1[.


LH@R:_\=D.)[_DUXNE6*;[O+/F^&_




Q;6\6]

M5^^L7NL1LC9;_5177ZNZNTM&SR#YA-8'B9$;X0RT2_;*K






H]MG_`9EK36`'81(+)MD]'P



Y&]%UI5`1*S_NA4C$COH^*JV2BB))



MEO\X=2Z#$


!`1W1=NUYZ\\Z





B1%0)S



M`-[7X;@D4RURZDLZN_-63/\/OACU-SF+WV:^,MIL^A`?IC\H'`^ZN,1I=3
M4D29R0639+%2[(:D
5.G[?YM)2MU+TB\1%RGP][FT:3^%!

+Z]$BJ8
MM=E*:T,B%\(Y]+:=U0)6UK-:P&Q#6)\;T,TP;BY*.H40F0Y0(RHA&6<Z*=@


F%5)E'GZH(4)XSEODEZ


TA2R!
*H#]-EI:
M+86-A)^%Z)7&-KV!V'FH:XHXM[O1R











9%:$-9TPQ+Y6WT7$BE=UM(?WK


AM;!N&
\93E0[`77\*WS'`/&*I)`.#F6NTSBL(

/2J6LA=!!.S:
M/PM








MLTH(STV*Z
4X,C6DI`PN9CEZ40


JOTU8ZY-4:02%.%LM

??::Q
M

M3O;T+VZV=_U!&1'A3AH2C%9
TV#;0`9RKDBG2LSP+L'W&#:7MM6[]QMH=X_@



?`$=,2I'A'L(XMI
MIA=$ILPEP$CUX??ZQ$
DF`5IFDT@1+@55FM\D!K(JPH!V9R2L6%\5N9N[!F

X8-`
;C*/
_JE








MVN!!!W+MI%;8@AD18I3
6HH85[(L+WZ'-UP8!ZWL1-+L'&2:V`
(YSJEWU%
M64B



MR6Q)GE@E52C.[`;[8\/H)7KZN9A^?*2VR6,O@_K\2C!,'CZ93=5O7D_?C/

:FAD@)/I%/XYBRO,J5;<=7
M^;/]/





J)^P2_$:AZ&&!R`@'746LC5'2(@3&2+9`
M:##E%.?C]=[?Q\/1]+_AE5F]I+7X)86[X%T;\R%@G'T8?V?OX!=^8)QEI9)%
M8D\LPY9;)&+T!(N\[4VJHOOI%J-%3F3OREH9F@4
%OP]*X
%IV
_G#R/)X.G
C3'UE

M-:K^'#SULL4UV)\X2(&Y=\JZR#G+_48





MD%J!R6%!!Q/?$-LLZA&(-D6^J-
9=RP2IX?R&DXO4EQH31FWDEOJ@Z*$MZ./

HV14M*BZ7#Q'QJ_/)

M(KC['
%NG4_4A$M%(Y@QR`2)P=NGK6(*?-5\7'Y%.R=N[V*V+?L6_IH
W/1R
M3BZLL66E9XR.?L;)2O^OP7!2U7ED0RK&FKN!D\6#GR8.S:K^7BW6^^-FM._9

MH2
.(D2+);5MP$&9LI%.[0=MNU`=*!+I`W#1O)39T.T;!./W(#WDTB)DD)





?FL,S[O!),\,7]#*F[IJ1MF#RNJ,MM_?[%(/OS<K6`90)YFHR_Y(
MGP'+;3)#Z6N^#I^[4=5[X*?*[)UWBNP69FQX%(S;!D1(8_]
M1(WS0PH5\R

M9FWJ+U#@T&
$NB






*[Q0A


Q






MR)\<\<-;T,H&
M;6L^:MYQ6W&BZE@-BP7^,)CZ\[Z'F1;4*(#G!JA*E=CBJ8XTC('[HEGP?Q3

_C_4(+V@:(M
YRE*-/15M7AX1=
`'[

M5VCCK#8RB$

M/]M_[@M:S$OPG'/*+E-T@#&A&5T$A[$C%WQGPTQ0=C_^L=%X?M^YZ#5E:G55

-+D6N\Z._H.6FG\


&EN5T:$R%-PX7@KZY.MG

M?;Y:?;A/$KX7T=?GGT1Y^.;'

M#TC-$V\IZ$S3Z\:7:#%YEQ
;ID#!C03%%F*?
R3CGNQ3.D6P9K5&*G%)(SH

M/T6H)OGK6`
0I2AJV\2JP;H-*5
TN_KNE@'+\QB+7JT,4+-+:LE-TA.CBKL
MZJ1#*ME*^VYZ$Q4VN2231F)P12)7FKA.$*4^@+$.W(6%W?!IF$U1Q&1LMKF
MZ*WS)`%R$7MF1N

M6)[G@;4%(7-%C5GJZ)R+J,)%4H8&&PUY%VEZV7`\@=4:R_0TEFT=@2WXH]

_1
QS&)W91
ML49C*T$*?C!I:`6WKM[Q6:`S46DG9XKS+OAH@O;%IH%?5


XIR!5KRI$-@U(GFC@496E`RU)^]R1U#!C4=Y&Q/Y`\/VHU:1

E:[S
:
M92.:F#?I@]R_\T6(MV?NB^2LLLOW#55)&1-XF#IMB^S-
17?U6:#9/LYJQ]N



S21O()2-Z^X%'9A6**Y6^&[;Y$]K)`F-7I:E60*U$=



Q#A2Q*/+?\=S[GGJ?`M8#U!IK%CY8E)AV'[BN_
]BE:S96H:PW.
2M.)MCHQ]F_


+NM]^T-9#JXH^Z*I4\V):05]EJNTE5
&XI-)P:%--4?@XA
M.A2/@(NQC0P9A@5ISBJC]_NPRX)ACHXS
1!H%8U.J3@FRYMTOHO]#HM3.1)S

%
M7(YIG#
SG/=7%!8@^B2B!1!-Y:(F)88GDJHUFN&=`_8[.6?+NUJ?R]=G/ZZ^















M5)#_@#



?2

MBCQ

MI-H3DVFE76UTR/?4BZE:

I[?WUX_!HM)/&JKT*
$8VW8

3@?*W*-E::

QH6


^E;]%;C


MM9WIIK@B




ELDXK-$:C&XF$-IT_\0\@%8=U;?..FFO-LAV29(<Y_OYW+4]O`T6TD
MKHV;-(X_3DX-(TH85*T=APY


M28ZTN

M)-I=/^=_PEJV=CJTE856
FD/M:729K#%52+_2[+%YZYEJQ:D@2)$CJY2V^9N



8Z3+905O
MD:*I!BLGL9!@V&(2




4VQ?42DIE(@./6.XL)@0UO
M68PF$]F#'DY+@M`#

M3$XMNT#)=_K*?AH]H




D&TJK#U[5\57NQR7YT='LV)1P?GAJ??XZ.\W%*ZJ
M!K$%[;9?D?C-6PY4AU-@5$_#^`G,#3[(!ENDHQTK9QBNW-3T1,%'!K!\L5*
M[9`8$@@CY:L+4Z


M;!GN[C[^]ONBI/3?$DC^*L%/^&
VO_IEUA[YYFK^O[
/_0K(K90$^@DZ)5OK

MWOW0?FCC#N2GF+:`^[N/*U+/IPMWL4AF$6P($8RX%G*11_]C+6&/H#X2O+7
MG12WE[=_/B=LU6)+/3CYV9[29PXC!NA5#$K%.]TL#V1[7C47L_FO[UZM_CM


MKQLIM6*P-5K#F4







ACR6]N?YO)WWPWN[EZW^+9A1^8W;55
M9(M9IKTL6C51^Q`EH&,J7'-V`U.C3:KZ?F83R&^7<X^W?4[!=S.<N+:IN;D

M_')_._L0?KFZOKG[(!'HFWLCGF?O9O/YXK$5ZY^WJGJ1+PPZ(C#9HMA+@.JL


M+(2Q8')&J$6E`*$-G_)@$Q%S[PR`=G#Z)WGM'73&-+9EE1FBBV3`&._]\/8E


S#[


Y4/

MB#4



1@]


/:9@;)!TV&=L'<<DS<6OZ#RDCB

M0D4#B
4NREX7
M9)Y6T$V5`:=UJ*32J*E8C[XL=F:EH1)1COUWG)D[_TJ8VL9'^H/5N
1#76




M#W#MI

M)453J08%%(LWPVZ!=DF*NA8C@K?;
Z*S0W%H+TT%M!(Z5^)LT$:=AO-AC!R6
M?OZ+[;KA@PF!L8]U+$'5I&.1^#D1.M8VT&@=Y;1










M


M








SK&RC-5J


M5R86Q;0.
S@U
?BHT)^V.T&-\C9'C_?=5X<S5?CA;+C\O;
M9<)?'_7GXT_W*Z^?__\Y*P9;I1/+(A:/U.YB]?CI6(T]%6
#EL_2
XA5/.X





(ZE9WR14=K8U;6B197AT1[
M03F=&'7



*#]HPA'\W28$=ST3](X7[`'!^SR[=HL[4M(


+1^!V@X?^`BAY'L



M*B2^O5E_5AXM9G@TEQ^:Q0HTX]]T^\!;[0DJG_;WA9_]'T#3I]M(OI8O[8LF

MD?-N1C5ME59TLJCO%Q&_[4O3YP;%1NSKK\WX=MK@Y_=6`]$_;9IWHV^;)
:O


I`&.X8$PIJ6%A\=W8A`BW?8\2?]LIVFOCRU\ETVBRV8?B%



A<__[<6;#^V?`0AM2LS%Y%L
MDBFIMO\$%8V_*/49HXWZYUW]OZYVS`+V=1P--W)5K,&SV50M,$_'IPC%Z/&



M&.TE^JI3.:*

BJ
H:_#4*
A*.(033IL(/G;)A]S#=E[I

)B`U*4):.E]KX&4?AN1
MKA8-/=)HYU)@=L2-@JGI6M&G5O=

D[CI)J='KFEN!:UF/V#H




MR3



9O_W


MB%34C):3ZR

M46*[4`RE_HNY+?&/E/%4!:5:U].



M^[1&5UL_NB8HHQT3ZW*UWND!5]?-#!'`_+Y/7:]AGPIBI3\1!E@MZ=$)(;]J
M

M^^[(ZN]8-(
JPTBGE5$RL=HQ5D*=_]WE+4
/#R4#_3!H.T:N4Q6R1??U]JY%

MQC)Q]9A8;/?04M@]5L+F=E'+8/\^2NM^)C6?$%
L;Q:WU=MMO3?
5@-%/DV;

MRH2T'UZ_3K?Q[;NRG3HS
1F+/C3*F+@-'$.DSC[`O4[2U3ZJO^$V/DW?]Q^$
M577


]Y^FDR\KT?!B3V_QF[ZTC_$HQWKX\7(_\8X2V3#<V!*4CIXS57W



*V

2^XC]HHZ)I1@0$=6:!($\[9]7`VK1_.C7P.JU'P5#L9939H=2%$

M2HL(#!&O5^!+]GJ=@)9



_#(E#7.

SJZ=%NT=HV((
B[Z@F(
;;=M


F%9FX$PEQN
BJ0
O?R;R4Q(J_



&2LB'@'SV

(YR!/`;

M9
;6'-4-I'8\DG$6@3(ASXNYUS+(/.]G0W910T&BA1BQ)%
0A6]F1?D+)K






M[JEL;22=C3
QE9PR*+[.?1C


MYN_^F)[_/OTGB^G3X#Q'_M%*KN&GM:!TT`5C=
'PA536)^&-3B'IRA?=3AUN






M]1`OB+=[.C\=:G&\*\5$J0Z)ZE`0C(4I`RY].&2.;[G:!_^?-R]O?Y[/R_






0N@
0=G0)&RPG0Y7K;$8AB:

+
M4VSEK/4]'0+RJ\O+ZP&X\E`[3

Z-GIMA=9A`&XSPOL!$




*2%(S
M.G%


BS915!N=[2J!F5

';9$'674ZA4.DG
M
J26(W`8Y$`WSJ&!;;NP2127
T@I*:

5BE:[D%GF_K'
MAQ<V'HQ:\L*GS9:OM0K/WHRKJ8^HA[\4U-SPO'O6/C%-\O[51`&2KIA.;'
MQ?2M*2HV-,\GBJ`I'WAV]/M5($4O;2WM]ZJRLO,=5=VV$\FF`DG#4,KUF8'O
M67W%9D_2*425A(`L%1I8)9F@)54Z89]FX(5Z9O[E$QAY)
ML`X%#&!=(=&I

/NQ5%9V0



2
JJH%'TQ3Q`T#S/1[KE6UH[
AM(2I$A

(216/['HB%V+*69%C5O](M'N

T-;/4*MH5S$#95@BYA.DHG

MQ;X.#^_,]GF?&


MVDK'MF!`HP6E4JII`)`!9%=K0BAM3)?L`=0WH`4%A?)[;6A);6Z^+ZX(YQ

MU9A


MI?
0Y_2]58U
MMYQ5F&X#?.N=&R=&V3D1]J99<VV\!%+[+G/%&!C/KT4@#OR&I4<10K%N8(Z



M#W1`VEP2






M^CZCF_AS'68UY@T^3#Y





MPK!!MY5R-


U2IF?3


/!8&P[21Z!55IR/@NGE32*^K4G

M_=ZD6%H@T/3G[PPD3=^SIS[_?;JXG%59U]^Q];SR)OSGB^OYE1S8'^6O/THX
MJ;^J?7B.[S@Q[Z_N_
#NRV\7







6Z$]L
MRK[^$-GBG%W]X_V7;3R#M6*[YKE4%')23KAY[V(:2[`!?U$MXP7.MUF(^!


OOWEK)$U
5D^?'+HMB$`QUR4&I8SLA1XJF
M-&23((XB










$.\

M0*7ER#LV4'@/_O

%\JSK_

M/EMTGFZ2C4J^
X/Q3=;<XH-E#..-.
M[
CAP

M6

MK$H2.102W?L=*S5GPZ`PUU8\C@GD&Y#C-(D+52#Z;*%H$7S6
E+IIS5ECN8'

MH!JMALN;SWTL+S$T

@3QPZL*-EB2X4B
&J$)





MA*QJ2P\;TLWMEC@%JNV/7=0A`=5K%)\YH*RKO-2`:-N*K#?.#@?K$T4K]:4
MF.K@$XZ64RC%R)Y5$'+VO
&!DB(]L8R_8GSVDM)H$0I`JW+]?\]RZNPC4JP
M#??QAK4=A&/[

M&52LSVS)W0TA:]NA05


-Y]B^
T*90-!RH%4M)7

M+DM2]!P:Z]^PTA^
BC_E'Q]G3X_QZO/MT]5='0&SZ(K\^6M5]^-(X-U'=/T_

M2/Y%-Q2[(




M6G\_KY_?G[]0%(K!6N`*0ZH*&HCB*5A&SNF:5U7N3@D@Y8_%B:50A2A%XG







\=^C@KV@XXKU6E;7W/)J'?3KI6]RB191_WH$'
H





DKIM];%-@4NUT3*L6]Y$H
;V


:J!/P(V\

TTC@1
MPW*L!SM+.U69G0/X/JE@8KT42[!2
T)G#!GJHQ5$W1+
CY86GP/UGCEPK9TS


M:\5VVN]%HMU-TVI+V06H+-*K&P).IH+I3@&:@JM1@OG3HIXK^(Y0R751G[-
M\8\K@GT'W;D1GJM;+!R)-MW4KC[ZM8HO
^


-\^45M'VT4?$\,_L`LQQI*]$X6<R3&









M]_UXM62^O[J]GZOW%4*15`,UGDMV&A)R58964JH=)U-M9[(\3-RSP.UK']



M_;G_KAL]!`RUB$RS9@@RR6BEU%U.@])`]S.8H7K\'03U?U;&(TMXK(



&3K]#LF_UROAG0LNUX`2KP^8*^Q'<2]@BJ#Q[%?K+W!N\+H=0XYD#.Y

F&O7AR.
M?6WQYS\VMW?O7]


*NNS]@B?77)TF*BNT

][J+@6?(I0_&[$\NF//5*^+RCE41TZ;Q&'




M_TA!


M%R795(K1


M^UQ





MYZ^;S2):/I

MIYJU;^1YDF:-?

%L85V@A-3EE0K:\7(B9K



M
_`SELE2I2@*7+&6:H0V/*Q3&9X_7`H*'C!02_/P@PN@_.?WN[5D?[^Y_N6G





HCPC_Z]O=J2K1.%*
6PB(I
M=1F:9BS95#K8U^QNJA


L
*16TF4F'`4(QD]Y_=WCV=_E]S*&UX9(MC*E1D$6O'8V




GNYO;UZ=_7[

M-.(G(W'.N
!(#]9-.+J57=A=;L\%




_BP^QUC'\?8A=37X8GZZ5:L


E8AJ*N(]3(Y5
M7
?0:(:N[[FU
YBLEP%V:E)8GL1Z+]8633#)AH@&%(T4D*JFWMX^1G&X^@


MO?ET*C$'%8/..D27N/V!
)31`DL8W5W:9UK@`9Z50[R\`$=)JQPT@T-7DN9H
OO+1%6R[1HA+(31I6$=D*:N^\(*=S\H'@C3?]^<R+7-5%@G!B
8!UMK

:G.)\K4GL3B*6*$U
CFE:7[JT#E3THG@.Q
M0_O97-*9APN#`KGAFC7;I+0AR9Q@*-=8;_MY7&_GZV?_I2]XQ!7J9:
RK%%1






F6%\.G1EL0L53;=N-




&K:./0N@68]C1[@3[+



M
*\)P((]/C!!G$X9(SP#V'

U6KKV`&JEE`
M$X7X.PK`-*;]P+GUM



Y



EAQ;
?C-9(3'_-G+X/Q
M&IE2:]P#8K3?4TJ
BLQDZDH85PSO'.-W;Z8NO_N;-W?_=_MZZB;Y75??6B6Q

M\)^1C1E%[`$06XBA`%$S+76T6/


MV)]G\*(&`B4+FL'^
9=JUD[



PINVE6]=/(Y<..VUOFS]!'5@@[$G.J6,GEAH==,7*

';S^2)S?&ELF3[#HU`;.*1L*E7-J@*K#]I0

88BI&=DEWWK%E[[

ZY7S1
T*RI:C$Y&N*-57UV$IS$'V=44[E;#;Z


]6A!URJ:_EX=J2Z[5

MMN5IN7GA


M$VH=D'F53ME



;5TR!7`);SDIS[;%DV2

MCSS4YITKA(YZKK4H8%5W*/FE-&QQ\W1YX&Q)J(4XY*H6F];LS7&)!K=$!USV
M'C=M!_0:K::FC0!)IIEA
C//O/06(?NK83\SQQJWAJS)!\@4HS0S\##CW22?
MRY:RKP7ZB&-L%A&5U'TQ9^Y*H)JX+][&(0U:'=PNH]$1D2UYM&HLHI&AQ!HB





PU;1M_-LV?VA26`+KU`['C(

U^=2BY





@*C10H,L5#.CN.B+
M4E_*V:A[;P#<`N+5TV9%,0?ITY0W<.H<96'2#C!4NP#PEM;SAGJU;V+4$P$


M00A\]%3J@7'=V5PHV@?8JY
%#I2



%JYH#JGV?!`KX[8N\B]U:.'=

@_P#=O+W6Q7__N[-
MAW=OV[MW]Q_^^P?Y0N20G5/J5*2@2[Y@S?





.NDQ
M

M;FU(G5^(F6\Q8J.E&KC$ME40XD4ZLRG4PPZI/#$07A



ZN9L^[S


+ZP)J-@`Y-Q]N)M$

M


MN7+.MTTOB]7

O42=C^\\URM?B_
M=4#D;Q_^

AKF2
B


XO%ZM=V8Z*#U&ARYEJL8)0T(V/`F&T:[?6

A2S.-+*]$[WW&E#%#NZ`OG4FQJBX
\/[Q3SKG!0VVT(.


MYJS6J4#7WN$TL6'5SH(8D:/:%UI;3$')Q%35]19)J$C98;@_N\[1JW:1N=5O

SJ[K.#]
5
5LB6I%P4
M%





M2)#9D]L'`?7@U4(VPFV8KO#]`JT?IE?W'R\KLOFV,[I*@C2W?S7FWBW7,T6
M5\.X[9!F-$H)3(5`9V=*\5U_F$DJ0;4[_;JAW&'?J.;3U&FAR0L:..5\#E(

`





M:HM5)VS*
D&11J@ZCP50]


M3^OV=']U=7.Q;HUX@97ZRHVX\#B-'$A$-MJD5X$]*%:FSG4Y$0;I\9M9UN.R
M-?JOL!F3YV\Z*8C*XA_SRQ^O+VX^/[?G$I[H:Z&-SE%3M!X4*0S]%!UAGLPJ

820L.8
$%K+\&]#)S9#
M1*B

MN+`

;/[W0.5GM:$/W`@RO
!:K1O*9
J64**









M[3AQI+47&J2V-@IV=F36#^5+P-;KB&K.:5QW5W$4/4#(V@#I$&)=BJ#[?HX8

M.K0%J2^C5-JZMF!

_DZ

N?PEH/



O]5IG^3F%V


MK_FU!PH)43M0!=!9R70P

'B4A6*DBFTHF)1M
ML1(K7\220PFZ407_)



ZQ_X989+?7
M3

S$U9:M#
M]4


MYZ

MIE

M.L6`#ESI6ZQ`PN;]$=\1G8Z7;F[N34.3E75TW&J%+
P@9O2[!:M#
1!OJJ
BQG?L<6DP,;*2$;5[P<6%E*_ML2E)GQ-Q[73#T.UTS;V104
M624KZWY?A0^#A\C;@;S9Z9!PBQ@[9;[+=0\*!.%9%I$EY3MDYW@?3LMZKAA
MJH


;XB
MZGHXD$];E$@424NA;1=O$I&4?^ZR;0S+/?YNK^-\W]P3=H*A6$?Y\'R_65Q
M^S_]*?[

M8G!FN2(YB
2?K_8
!`

MYML&A/SAP_RB?L;/==;0S?6?7VP=)3_$][/O]0_[$3M_'4^QXC)$66!A1:

M/I]E/$O@]A6J/`0W/(K7U/O]/WO7UM18DJ-_$1V9DO*BQ[PH)WICHB]3'1NQ

M9A?S1Y96?-W!A*6V(+[D*!PIUQ+M*!+!E]Y;M
NKUM^W3.Q
.2J9WR_^5%LQ




C]D/&3
M%56D[UHPGLC)O;I(C/2MIR]::171!?:!;4Z*I-VT&:(T[/':BD;1]R(6WP!&

*![KHCN+NY2G1X[ULY;DMC^+#T`F3LW
TC$W/BM-D
M=

M85L)!0_CY9&L2:[%+
QU7#_'1)B[%1TKJMV.HO%F16-S5R(9!U(=Y1)K4PD!




MS^@#

4^

M72Y#R3-;+*WY]38V'R7F`!#?5N)34XV!!+(HWL_.JI:A

W


!




M/+BMUW8GHPO.62.!4?8
RAYM%;Q!R.YOY8`G_?!&I8/1G
((E`BM3.6N
MWL

T


M66.;.F__!






J13R9LSOYVS[C:5\5`P'B+#$%#


MT+A%*9@Y20G.2Q
WE7W;?DK2NY2#;](?:H@L5*M:FDU@3SMU$K2-QCW:L\
7=S,O^)\^_X.
MHDR,^_SY\5L^5#`_7[.II_V%`*
)=&PJTGEN+;*A5
2DSCY%M3WW+@C:^.3
M[IIYW]^)[2YXYRCG9)LKJHMM;)0KLACV'#Q55[MJ\+5BW:_!P%'^UTH\+F_8

M);7(H











AW!2N*^$*W9Y9?)EZZ

/V^$WP;`-LKH4ZYO#2(4!QR

M_IS.!DE;[B0]/


M5/


M^\)?+C_-+IXLW!3&VBJJ*BC%1E*S





MY;TQ36D
'@9=FER
IG`;4;FUINN

M!LIS+&Y



]`35O5^3//Y0

(R0DVI


MUG9'+/R\G-BJ[XK4YRSL?36Y1#=.EU!=%GCI([/?N;`38G$%L05$#)KJ#4!%




(X#5

^S^?D__S[_?78ABT]#(OCK4H+%



[N:+3Y=7GVX^?7Z_.Q\=O6T
MP)28@$FE`%VK0769$(\N#Z34#SG%AZ4/^\9'RX7VS!GV(WC'96$V`H5K_R9
M)LJ^]65P5G[
/2_#\SY:3:$
X?$P6SQUU



FZK--;05*^4R
MU198W5:GT:B_3+[S_#1H5[\?'%SOOC]QX_SJ[OWO5GTK^T=A*MC3XZPPWT
&0YGD$7IR83[6FL1.'\-<+3VXSX&1FG.


`(@YND.\3@QTLRD]^
V`B:!.#5@E

MI.P

%Y@9I`\
M!/70UJ5VS09[W6+7FUZAD]FYQ-;OAXG%].IK-'MT0JXL$3(H`R6U)TG/


,;XC_=B_O(]KM521S%RP+M^CO2?





MLA:^FW7GTZO2'^+NO]RVW=ZAQ]1J];]]^[)NEO_NR^KT\N-\.5DL/RROEY%^
MWM
/N=OWUS?2/E5@FG+I-)(LIIQ%BB7!N!X





C9\W)#UHB^?@8QHFGVZPU.&Y%JY7P^)H^ZA9'U16?DY`I`Z6B
\`@*ZWA@
M:TU3/]X42.\1A




MT3@)*9^Z5`+6*S2\S
T325BTIK]FQB0ZW3[`

QN)\'1E1LVL:%)KV=7ES01\M3;3?PO093RJ/E
MEI4I+1@2L][7+IQ9#==

M+V]?[;I?)I?=[I!%SL@MD*%S/%N5
UI7BYS(=PRF6X\)&6WR7^9?@;4E2_YZ


Y6%*5








-
]8
3$06;1.\8T-[4ZAXDGY+
M!;1E2H_A&*2U


M!-1'TN3
G%&1(@0B!*2D
K/:5B^9B&T[7J;:0K+3`/GF

M



=O;E+













:




MA=+&E

MRE

L$3:S

F3!\%?^:$8Z19;+14NF
MC;-*H<?:*^@:HXM0(E]&/7'QN(F[B4G*NL9
B*U#*VR?6(E8FO=$.P^=L
3

;*1ZD#8$D:9V^3`1G[_MT+TEN\AQ19K26TQ-47%%@



M#5JCP'MWG!MMRZO[Z-+C?#


M(BF2NI0H.P@PR22RW56WN^K4ZY1OGF&\SFH


MWK)^^
^Z]7'Q;A&NT`
T94IH6EO-0-
!\=?C39IW6'YO_P_7JTF#H95-()

M_^P7:Y9\%O;XE+FI\DKLK7(T

M#[_/+GZ;_8-5^64E%='ZZGUI+X:GWR'
#YGBN[2YLQ\)+
[&+URM
.^P2Y
MNR]K_+
[R9L:^^]


MVN[@CXY53?N`S]Y(3!DU5
_8#!*1&?A0NKT7+&%&-(@=5E'/'!:RX*VHZ*FK
M`++R6$8J)X\H1Z.#F-!X#?K8_V'EW%=2
I#M9
653?10V^2PV22!WSN)RBO6
MSSXORN788K3)Q%1M1%\`[=CHZIVX0D8





_PNPX$Z


M.SX%FQB;PUJL`LV7V9G@:.QSK5JDPD6@O)]ZA__X_K(OD5[PK_@P6PS3HZMN


M:089OE93@P&M#:0Z1'!]JE1:;7A(`/+ZM?-*[G&??D*?%-:^A*Q6#D#NR5A]
M%6G@$]$
]3R?JE

MP1@.^=@&!#
^,#T7H/:Q!=#VYSEIJ8[OKX5Q]]XK&\%F<\__GY^<;&N#60(
ME=+-U?GE[.HJGG%







*L9L?





M^I]B
)L81KBJBG`@)R#)28Y'S`E3M!QD58@EJQ;06%/+
!(;8D1):G#BQ4#C

;*

MR?9



@IR2@D[;*A




!D]PVE&TQ%F2/V&$$VL6(JPRYY\$2FD9)%=T&&D\7)/HU^NM
M\4\38IM-N,@G<+T7LSG/@$T5/_`<NE!B$\#4*9F+VN]8&S??.MV9K1<7.7@
M



M]ZYSH::'P?E.`F^MJENZH8M.-[0*IAZ&/6FZTHJ+F3$28[BD&4CV59R.HQ7G
M2S*&S9)$3+B+6K]2SB0*?5`I.%*=YLIVO=5
A4&HA4@T]

M+NOX3?7ER8]YN3WUK`=FCSWHD%WQ&$)OB:XE1G!^7-?5Y&IX(R9YGE51'*3]
:?%Z?_\^7\[/1B;95O_)?_<7ES=7-Z\7[QYO+38O:_-_P;O.'?YUNZ

[E)9*.Z*!7








##4B
';X
=!%P\&2-1&@9WP

M@

M@L'F9CV4L=O=-3G8T1'Y#VFP#P%/0HUH4BX-4&/QCE08&_$2D22H!_PA0/GA

M:3G]%?SN]8/7JK6I@4A`2Z6$_V?O6G?;2G+TN^S_!

;6I*B:3@8PT-

];R_?UH.S0T&W&U
M./:]Z=1EE

WZ$81Q
M2IC'M0;/6L4[
C1B)\!P+@4IM;H



M3'D-VQ4\HS![#VW?_*2/7Z9^O@MH[EU&[1O9X%LAHMAJQ#2KWXH?6DB?AM:_
M;O5['59S6@]0*+L?

PD@_M/R#'TO^/;AB^YJTFJII$6UH
M&.Q$0@Y%[^B::\G#X._IR7\?$T

M\M1R'Y+!



V4YO3C3PNWCE
']SY*?@P*07;;._Z


M$IK
;T:\XT45H9?+LO#;+,3@K0*[C87#8U)L:`$X
D)HQAI$L[R`3&L[;+
MLD1)#$9A&)N

M*9TRG(9Z*M*+61YFEF4(-QD*T:E7J2D'YP@BS_D4Y_*0RWWF!KI3H#U$=208
:1A?#'%X<LB^X7T5Q(O:T!;2


M;!)

MRX?#
YKT31-01-BF0N*#NOOI1B0'0TA)Z/?O[UXBTTFH[?#;


M]QIO

5#
M#++5US6]

&W(5(DKD
MH'&+$=W
2E+L@+G9C_3OYZNV0R

3(S5)+#!)D\^^$1SM(DNO&C[\`B#L!B/
M!6S.V%DS3?4S%4-H(TO7



U;PC%/=YW0H
M#A]=V*A8V;O8;#%D4(IQ
M&B0FT#Z=
K/

M6L%7`XK1ZT

4$R
'88V)<)HMULRKB70SFF?!O/:;@IP`:DP!B;N'Y@



9ZLS2U0F_(9QE4?
M-PGXRKRVCWE$Z^7[SXI9'XC54DP8:G5


MAM:E)*W:-/O$U


MY(CB;L=PB52\I`X1(F1.ULTP0+VDN]O$\+U)P[X8]:@R;CRS68RO%8N@J8BD

M9Z/
A;5X1I]K#A9

/K


MZU



M]&29

M[Z_.8)A-S1-##AJ*/CPO#2Y$8N`L(J!G'U(NE5RS4_25&MC!33R#&[TGAT)!

VMDQ10O/


G#(;9XI=YB?LM`;7;;#4ISQ+L5B8F';2=7F?HPQ\&ECR7T;L]:0=]S

MS1A54HB2FQYX:K%8)S*M`C:@X.WI'OCM.%4\)K`U4^PMF\ED16_SIH=VMX#W
















C@W2QN:*S\



C?
Q#$?
MQ6.Z[^









+1E2C.(A5V
T$.O$.OJ










]@JJQY=M;?`-WS!4BM18#^A_3TTAB6[CHY


LR=D;!E(0*S<:63M@%W5
MY\.\


ML2DB#MH'IC!&B&2T!?DIMNXT\
^6-K_=K[`Z
7=F=X*'H(STI#+!V$@X)'=P



@1DB;/C@5FE-1UL2@\ZVIY
\OI!*?9)D'AE+6EF?NXF9,I7BB:RH!S[404VX-[FC'1M
WH5+.
I^;HL
MC=R
W':06\-:

M?S5;K)V!H#GO*?K?FQ
RL@?Y
)ZC9M)%9DIVD1.*\4^KC:#%?-H*U29(-]-V

$DZ2BJIG6[
F

M-
9X7@LFG#)MPYHL4E3GU0.N]16:]+J$L!I=#YQQ[B!BFP0V/J!J_!\SK+


`=M'3




8H`H(F8BL8HY9-]0VU.)ONU%Y.KQ6RVU^&(#(P1^Z(58J)
MX%1F'=6


M@`[+



_C[MI+F#ECH*V47F2@[44AY
MUYL5VF7E9\#7

W-K00?I+?(='#%.W@:GVYC.TWR0(QN\`M$#DH);7PJWI?2
M+(HZ


^]






@W9T$$I0RBF!CCS/R%+N]OW)Y!QO
M:BR@KZ'I_$0Q4%^&(HI0`AY8D(5G
J1NQJ9*IEV9`-:^A0NRTV(/THZ)#(:Q
KL5ST
&.]55`^E[XP@M

W
-OM(?E:W(5*1;%-;IJI71O.'$+HIBA\*N&
NDNXV





MNPR@(BFD*+K.(95C@QU/P
<R+00,`0X3<_U6Q%=&RT`

4\

M3PT$/QKKVX?7!9G%D
L(OJ@5B](IJ!5=6OAVXFI/.O:HE!_.2%J5R#TUKLR%
MB&`M2JSI1Z5$.U6[#^.^*J=#C24WER=N%(8(
.2G2H!WR9K7.Z
W@8(TDH

M9G%7(QF
Q=*Q(P&B]*Q


M9


R+`+I4

M)F;Q)L4V

MZ.]/G_V?W2]_FXW^'$\7\YO[CR.R_J0B-SFX!$&YP9!$5ESG;#FKJR^



WH\G
MH^Z%_QSU./H7O^;OD_DRR^B2(8]#E+:9D+KU*#ET)/<[OE&N[`\OOQ
M_]N

M0!UN__N-D%2I(RE252(IR@W#-D019'Q1F7%D1GSAZ5]?G
HI^3Z*
N@%VS.G

EK:Y@&\&*)A

M^!$212;UW

M5N]N$=+(2(B)$$`95[P3KD0=HJ^1D''MU!=KE-SA@QH2K`A0H!1WF3
;I74L
M]$DI#61O*]XE

UAUY



I&R5
M6]*$[M;[R/ZL4-J&0V@MMR#QHP3G20U)-\H0W;_FTWLL=,A[L]DQEZ7.
M0@$'0_



#H6;X%S.U.+8IVU)

U-


MJ:W:.`B^CE&RI;V])[^U(GK:$K*QEBXD&3U3`1(^
CI?3/4`I/Y!ASW[PQ


BSV?/B`VI


[6&BO
&E=U




6


4W2L/K#B.VE&+MQ)EV+FS!NA








M

4'(V


M
2QB\I:2B?=J&[N+Q9ZL%-()W%DHCYC#ZAO?7QR?3Z_#]X
?83+[SSIG^6#A
M2`^

E`PKHX64([_&!Y

MJ.!YW]7`L[F7EQU



M5D_OP;0$GZ7Y%TC!1V+]H_9GPCO\_?N^+)[CUB_#2-J+$PD$V)Q&`P[



3

:A42]BS:9DY7AKG
(RS43
;QT@1=^P)PX$!'&5SD

6@)'QX3E:6=]L6







M?(U[WW\%/M.8B)*XU
IGXKJ
W@09:WN4]H]RC^U8]/9DS:0ONN,-7!H9W0


RU)4

)HB:*#X




Y))IG+G'54E]'[7-
MW+&F:HW+AT=*#Z48*^*F[S0T\^@3F

MZ=01CH_%



-6$64-N:V1*P?N-_*9Y=HNAJ`'WOUE/]^O\

M]#5#!F@F^J19'B/8J5'(FCR-#

AGHY]^



M

6X-M
_

GD@-&5
M5.9J3(
1/.'


_IN9D1'=C04-\_ZSLV+Z^-S.GW_E$!%Z6O?+0!U`AW2
M6'P&UUX`)3J+IR/4L1U(

M`L8X!E:_











M

=4A

MIT9F7C7!




M-T?YGD
N<D9
*E(OTD;[)
M=WM]G0L-UP$`YWDDW#2F!

.NZ
##4P%^EEA-MH0'/.48-H


MWE\=4^NFX4M('!O[ECYF9`DR!C)0%Q8VMQX*KA_+*!UX!FV_G;[(47CRLRQ
MF:
*P'^&4+:+B=




8SK4


MZ/S/]N$61*10K%6?DEP0LQQ9J\JXQ7);?0H]QXLOO=A
VHOC-G#Z9(J)1L


C<<M.+F]0B]2@M.`(Y[@XY?


H\/
#1DLT

^FL;-.NASKLZ/H_=

MF\0)P3]K^OP0BO3K4M`FN'!KC23?


MG@?O*V.($$K#(`YKR''*A@@B+V1#K_N-K2H&EE!S+&6;(/^43GBO#CE+`XI
MSPDIY9'B&-=LBG6F^%DUAD95Z2F
WU#U8=W\Q^8Z^(T/D
S43B\;OE;G-

M3F]

M=?[K^=M;R_'CS?6/O^:W;V\^W+SOQO:66:!KYW+WV^[BZOS3[O-!OM'AUA_R
M6+3GHX]80BOHF9

M%_H/US^]?W-QE=_]S\W5=?\ACPYNQ6PT$&V&4]\JLPUG-$I]5PM?E!ZL.__K

+7?R
M\A:=Z?##
T5(9!ER_9-ZMW?8:T[@T]YO(;'5D`P()'!8F'B/(^^%%L98'Q[.
M^Z?7]
N8Q4B!JP/NS)L$22.M

JYNR=G:[I?K?'5U\V'WSBZT

:NW!L&QLQ1).KAB*I-?@<:#O2./0Y_E<(4<49'^
/K#+9J:KV+%`$5WNW<F
M/N3)9&OZ

M?/'NAX^:(6B4NSO_U*
1H2J






0C7`S%.#(JGX0*MCST9Q9=%1::GV



_M[#(E!41WVGI8Y
9S.QR$KT5
ME@%31&XS1J]'-[0*R
&(IWAZJMAJ$]7P!76#A3/6K)E@DGD;F2J..*UJ$!==


M!\X:))R(B7RJJ%#8IQQ2U%B@!$V!6HFS?]0

*ZK)2B'M.X3#,49^8G.OL
M<\$:N1E-V*/EG*,U889)C-6-.`H+*(+/+^T6ZV-MD6!)V$K??0[&YC'XS./




MSB5R4%D='
4P68QH-/

M0)#]3-)M3=8+2RTQ-=_IFUWLX'=S8V
A

MVC9')V#R8/G\EP[5%JE^Z--W5W)S?7.Y^\_SB_

M`[W%*









M9(['8Q@I)`M^;&=

MHI%J-2K&$H8M+&,).NAIS.0'M)WZYB^S'T'98C(E=DEGUI1X=^-9###..0





=B3IG#(
M

UZWME






M4




FG
MG(8.7!


PUP5V9)%&0MKBLT=&=P5@J/37/



M'XTHG5#UKB'I)7(Q2WO4C[=)4NAZH=^@9HX:75BTZA2\P63TXE@I-8P];)A]

MQ7NU464=7_A
T4XI[+I

;)J)0M_6L3T/R!O7RO[!CBDY

VNCEP@WO
18[+7



M4%22&S*=%G;I0+AXR9T&!\5BACDU(9%&4]47+SPF$B1M8

MXH*O8B

M
#Q86=ONN[X




J#C+*PD.R+KI6`894-M801]9P
MF9PF?3ORGY8J*M9QH



^2



M)




MD


3BU6K'
47B7#^8^LK(
8_+^957%6=B54B=FL=84K1LQAJ3DOJ9


MS\@5I*]BP+
W.1

MIH9AI_[C

MOS=Y+`

C


MWZB*)CKIS




_=

MZP-9


M'W`?^J4Z\

4?C+-N).6X!)HM'GORVH\+XZ7)S]=.WFX\7G_CZ3A3*OXB6?'-]

'^Z^E6\0?OE
M7A
`.#8NI!A3


MU%4KL







RN7:PZ;I

!G6!



DQ(A/-II`
@+Q1&E='7K#!1




.O3#ZFQ7=G8\B-]O


F[8






X2SKJKE'OFNX[W
DMSPS955L&W<G9]FI_(;7#8&?-]N
CSE@X^)




M0M)*^.M0/V2]ZI(\I+JF5Q


UBCRP

M=-0//CKYE'

MH0
'61]

L#1E6FHN72R1J$1+J@TS'-04&-?V/,&SL.L^9,YB.R
MZ+!8J#4&OQ
G)?5MVLX


R9LWZ#T&=FAYF-156Q^EB]

M18Z


M2JGJ\;FD-[DO_/3M?(]%OCO-G=_^=#&'3S^SN4+TFH^+^PPB=19'2FZAEW

M2L2)*%



M'4(6SVN*PW-YP0=F+_\-SJ!%\U`2

IVLL6=D4X+A%;
M
S2SS2'U10



$*XR58]G4+AB$O9'@BV\[
M

@IVU$Y
M6.C'.:P4_1R^EX0_0

MM#NT





G

M36U2D[FMVH^.W4ETZT@IR=ZZN5]_H.UN)Z$BJ3N2W7*J=B83;R*13[.!!R#P

?8VP3CM1+&RB=O

MD-CM)6XS`N$P??'$?M]32

M(+U58`:-2B6W-$JBWANG'HSQV9U3CC/-CPJ89,C):-+@UY,4;HMCL?#
:Q


M41UIMB!
5;BT1D&P0CA*R

MK_

HO(]U^F#D2*[87MB6



M=MJ6X!



M*H^'Q%8+ZPR:5,RLOV$431F2Y'-O'8]Z=X$'207T2M)4G-$ZOLR01]4:,L$
MI7YV1WUX=P243--L52%$56.T&O#H%'4WLQ+:9\[7CEV^UDRQ!%:B*Z0+L9E
MX[%_W&!$.\;LAU+7)][P4;A82BI*JV1M.$O)DK]QQVQ5$UK[-SSYUH.GBW
MAQ&PK`HS#QF
S%7?&P6B&1RO:*]59OMP1R?3C!1250'W(H0
0$C#H/82XI98

M66WNUMUFR__[S0':LK)O/NF;O[Z/&'%@Q\:3`S9?T]7$C@
&FI!=PX?;\HI?
M#__'-8X'V[


G/00#$2!#3MT34W&+P3\Y-=;
M(1%YZY4J4AD59-1#?CQYT=:^-*3T95'^ZG
X[KIZ^/`I7MT6=N/H5$F*V-0Y
M22D.DT'!MA/.0#7DY1AK?U8TCBX?7X^0545%#NHH&*V+[$$4(O_2((YL+L
Z

MS!S%B4DIJT*2QF6'=715BBC\D(-

8]);6BNK8B0;T*(%3*B?


+$B&UC+W]:)Y'Y

-=\(W)QLZ74V\C3@O74R&&:*F0H!1A6'XA(![
:WK'[/LA_6
M


WE8OGGY?^RDUH<U(H=LN)'D76
06N%WGKG^+0D1=+:T*:M

M\33[.GK6B2(34]X^NPR0LB8N!W&HX%0S&?0\X1B71A(JUB')F7\1[+2BT-3+
9DA6_.Q`L!<'CSN)9&
M.V^2K8

M

5Q.C$[=Z$O4@P*6YI^
M1H=CHD-(%'(@0=[9I

E$%]F)/'8E@6[7.
MIK9O7BB






MVZMBMFP(E+=]NY]


('CN
M@U


M`R@EE9(.33&=`RC[Q#F9C**J4^0\6*^
Y%/RB$3.S$S;KH%='.A\`#EV?HX9



MK^7'FKR@[OW6(O$#F44V59Z?'&E3M(H2'`[UMT2VJ355$FU;9KUO@4??S]%+




MX:NDR8$-;$012HF#=`.U(I(72NU\GF.6_4Q[/_K
Q2H+*4N


MZT3.(E4:QG]YV0YH?B5P33'?3$!ET=DYHW+BL#_7?M.^QQQ$:Y-`VEWL^]PP

M9(B0K4TF38W_0Q6'PRUS9*OZ9Q'LU'((


AOC4#+'NT$-(@)2

C`UA:!M%JI$^30X


CJ+HZ7[[


M[T_ZO)PP

MKX^H.\//
^;
&I%55ZI2*]B1.N8FY))LX4T%$E8EQ'%<7DNK1PYD=ZH.H
MH`H6J\AB\$@<&.5@#]`V83_$XHA[JBNS\8!8$ZY5=DKCZ;J<<:.N!Y=M.#9



M(PL/`ZVCZ@S$:6_H(%'\UVIS

-)4^OSE
QP
M5-EFX5I'LE&#
I9$W6B

H`VY#`M5PQ3!`
MZ&E_P4_5^1Y5M$






MC5I5HN-8NAU13I\;
86I]^3U5!$R/T`]U1?]69AJ3)ZUIL6;S%QRU#KM#;H(

XL


$
M[7UMCBN




2BU]^.)Z)HL!*(?!R

MO?(6



MOXI/GC$Z+







MQJ$[V!04C2/;]`;TRV*[])2]B4C`B.1=8V6G'/RHAG.

_/$L='@<W1$E%P@$@?5U9&7&U2D
MMW5LGBF`F'%N*AEFY[



M)8K:+_]]O=FTE=ZOZN??KBX_K+X4D[Z_NKOXIF5TB'6FF]O=/5L5C*VZ59@&



,J1C*4

@P0\W@-,?4)LL,S:V)W:$

`L%
ZNDS%Y#!.&(%D*$R
.NK1;[^@

-OD


YI=ZR
M)F\4@X#34/4@+AC3B8OG*6ZY:Y&.7=6'0%DEL@@9R0=$*&F05;1.5XL'X7$]
M]#+'C`!B)@$8[D42_;!9#$L=5BQ#3V?+W9-0D=:\7):192]!Z^3$5WB=2XN
M#J@%4/N^E`[4XYK=UQ5Q/ZW`LHH&L?!48MI



/CR2;B:9LT^/`Y9:Y7(3RQ\NKJ_7F?7O`
M.P^EA^`H::H55N






M

5(`6TMJJ!)(PP.

6:


_]J/:&



]L@!2
MRIDD)HHB6AG]K+$]D^UI_.QTF::9!C*9O439K%-.OI(XNM'PY2VD_
\HT+[F

SACSEL;*

L(?E2

83B56NM*SR.$$2_

0G:F36PK




K%*CMH8D\Y,#V

HZ:$=NLH8'=LP/CN4.VSY;$D5KC'YSE)O;T`A[/I.9$



=P;;?N
JNF61YZ+@O89RLZMK=.TE6(I
M&=W**7G8!Q\:[6NGE3DK95\L._[`?U[?KF\75]^OOKW^9;7\XU:^]UOY#2/2
MBZO+[VX6P[5;+N]=Z$

\9
M])Q2KXVRX0Y@U^5RO;B+!;]97%ZOO[M9KQ\F7$I!()




M


5M&C[\VQ1Y:
M(@

F)$0!3
MLH!-K3FF0:\D_WE15O:92F0N*]O((RTX!Q6
IZ#&GG#7DPN_VLW]]$)5_9CZ
9F6VQII<TAYL9@RA)&.&_*Q._=#8


M



L+].0^E\

M`F`GN#U0'K`-$LYSZ.#4RMP_

MFUF(Q



M?+]N]JBAU9_R5BW?EL7J6GYX'2XN;M_=;J+KO/SE\N+R4Y*JB2MI.+@VMDO)
+U?KWRY_C\M?;E8?
M.+?DA/(D'[(@S52VKE?YV\OKB\OE.K[_QT(NB?S2^T^_'ZWN?RPNU\O5SXN_




^Y

I-VG

M19)C]KNH?!=:'.N4^.58O?&F*&\54R7G0?M81KNG^E@=R'9;'H]U2OUE'*BM
MCXWMDCSZ(AAOC'VUPI)[4@&B;O3]6*?\

IXRY=G7-W
M*\'XD^ER
F-OL88I)V)28C$T:Z






YD],SB$G]M!R@_3Q]^V1'F)_;2X%+8B!8O$C)D8U
MK#@TI4;JI]7(;4]

G2[[NJU(^.50/JK?1&H1`(4Q?E%[X?DM(E]8.:<_;RA_O%J

U#<+%')_6
M=R?5NTZJ

DVA:TH!+)C'1!Z?SG-E

1SYPI:-CL_G(9X@_QX$

0






ME$+Q6SC)N[S6UB





M'5%T.EJ-X(=Q




P/WWB-
+1ANMWHFG3T
MC2).N7A17R'GWM%CU-T=\?(7+'YP:W<]*%%;`?8Z.-S$FF.)1+6CMJHK184

M4T7



57FYA9'2/V5VNG*!]9F#ZUZZP1^4PAN*5%R]`

I

M*5
!20*XH?01R(SEQPY7RO`\&9C$
2R_WY+/D+5RP86V+LWA4/`#RGHSED$X

6X5\!Y.#*08.J%VHEG
R

&-L^9YT+^!!5SL4;

MDSES\N`TB)\ST107^DS!PMFOCS;A&&WNR.+]J9)=P\QBJF?K0TF^%)



M
+2;.$?+',RS2LH[Z.V
M@WU/8-85M<QA<
5&[TTGG9JD]E\@6IQM121G5P39B&%^ZCWMH#X+C%N9;;W



#*N_@T;


NN+;_4)O-Z+

%!)5N`D_@C+P9.
M+LS0C




MB_R8+^*MW-G]U#PW5]+U'%[@E'_#SZT7W/I)?#=Z9]G7Z^_WL^2)56B5@HC
MLL82C!\6\)$KJ$99,C1)I?OVN+URGL[.-_.4*#%+R&]JB@1.Y$#.`T^UJC3*
MD_53A)`OB*=='/%^[I,N*BD7%*$H;9\D5K8]5KB\?MDPY&G`]\GSS7DBL[5

#6IFK!ZF1C

9D-M4.(8*H-#U*@M93


M(!=C#-B+\K+%4?.FC=ZW9'QF9&V4/?N)$;(1;51;.9?*MFI7K.TY72AQW.RY




M9R[M+2AQ7TKO)4`YK7-%AS6DH@IH4@E2BCD


X:3E2'[3HZJYQ'
M0T*E]A82'A;U.[48NSY1K

53
K'?HS
CS7C6RSWE&^E<#MJNUS\LG_Y@2;K*UD'PS0@_S0(

MUZT^WFT!S=BZ8*G:ZE0(:*L:QAEY%5
=&[:L)VL8.#2@=TS0]S^9O9^??7S@



H\(!J.M=;L
MT2!A!F6Q&UMBLS[^A9-)2L)V0^19L#!E'M`J,<C,,4!5*0OXMF+_UL&M7[M@
MIUD]NT_X+W?5_D^I`X/($%-+3*U6/Q?$X1=AS#?MTMAIYU/DX(R+1_W;H4^
M*!FF0E0V2&C-)EC7NB7[X


U-E4;4MQD8L2S&BQ[@&UM3
`OTZHCZ-L69-W465HG-$'%:6CDW








M\4F)`2Q#VEAB@&S*UAT9.Q_



]$*N'&\?
MQ_^/][]

M:_(HW!NK

MKFCT@

M3WHZ3XF-IH@E


;TU0RYT9

MR;/L,6T8M^LHS'@C(@#4V,8C+PK,!9Q_MN*5G@4`\'RTT1(&6`5A#)N@3M


G9'NVV$H@Q


$L&GREXC0BUZ6!9O?8*LQA(M3W5/QXN*=Z@.
MW4N2





MQJC\X:

MA=[M(=HR2YOU[^-














DJ
PG(CG0SMH`CA;&95%





!*SE10I*SZ^47/P7L66&]/[/MY7BPOFGH@#&%Z
M*@X/GOKC])&
H]&I/





&R?YZTK-N;:]3UX`V0$9HPB!FY2,ZRZ<
MS(\?2%[SY5Y^<T=8^B]0L^39+;




$(DODZI5$:/V[BK**I]#!

PNCB



MZZ(#*LLBTUP:KD
YJ9]SVN,WB.-QM1+<&%#<HR0(@Q/.Z@1MQIVIN@7R'9?6Z/$ZYC-6Y+&0

29+Q@FQM&QP&
M$^N^MK=X;(\-9X*S(#TD_9!B2ZGUM,-:][*6W![1KO3I4AT4U=;`N*.^9



:

#%;;UWL.




M_1\`

W]

PE


M:I87A

9]_TWO\A_5U6UZZFC;#Y


M0TA[EG+T4G=%E*V/P+4
60.Z'!

M)0.6''+;J\BR48=



(BSB.2^O1=7%BI7?4PO5M[M'D9U8&)/^3
M

MOR]635PWY9S2V2]XD


ME%8=^

MD#FK6K.?6


X78T-/WTI\7-]E*R<E&
M//TU

M1[I
5I[P
9MZCN6?'X_*I3Y-




Q=

M('T^:OWG!^3PVQ*L]$#
C7%&!\4E\B7W$SV05W%E=6CD\Q=#9
]524(DCB26



MZX/]('G1OC+U63U[\5Z=OG^^@=M)'W[UER49[]R.?)JB[^V*6?928&P$Q`

'Z&9M#'W)+(D=$H;GR7EI2.U?L]

M*BJBN(ICJ)\[I3O?N^E35GPR`
N;U5``1$@\&ADDXR8[IDM3UQT`VNCZR0;%

L^40(_FC*





?2KG:71;
MGI4:1&Y
NA2!
.\PUE].

M9M+;XA+-RF+*'ZR2/M&*+COW\_D[-JGZX]%/A\2BD_DKDX9A/**E]^?/2HP
M-#S?$
W/=V/;-N
#+L-CYG7K]YG]J.$7P.U&:I/YRL?-*JF3HECNU36Z73%
MB(+0MIR[(YR2U7
_5M]ZMXGJPQT&APQE:


MB]K-VJXC:ZVL;YE;0G


H1-*K=8!B)6%&/WR'18[#FM


\B



MZ6;)LH&&(RLW68[







`!\5
M0BV&)W$4
=T6O!.^/R(L;J7(]VRS[]CT7L$/U4@%MTEY(WI0!(5
@QY'/Z8\
MK_@:*U\[DO'8LVS7)%'DRQT!MB^S1+N5%M_H37.O-T/Y!`Q#`')MT0\
/7+
M
'!URS!
EYHAZ\*KB'C];:/KS2$
&

M
7/-&Q`HIP*+;-?!&R.8[OV[85!2T@JX\2*3W\Y[6G&\?()HJW`\5@P3&
MC$
HDR/!#1TVM

?%FWF@2FG&037#?UKL*X%?;/IN@E.1XME)NX





BI'HNU@@

M;:$+SV+
Z8O^

M=&KJKC`O(Z*&RXC7;=W6+3OH[X?9;_2U_XF?
/*IX5MQ(`9)PA52-VBG+CS+




MN\0@1BAN\&E7-



M-LU


3SC7VY4/S






?H.[!M1SY:B-A
MWHMKWI_I9\W[:IJ

6^X@/4F
9*W%:(AEQGQ=WE;3H6
ML9K2`?5?D\GTW6_$T=_]




M4`O46F9BN.J2









M6F5%U




MUT8\RQ;7O#_3SYKW0M%&[?M'?H9OZ42`_)'?:5^*2=(+

M/YC'







MY@


M8);*\JE@%I@%9G7!H+*)3A`+Q`*QEFL(`:W.Z]X5-.''^1N:%[5S?SA-G@U
M-/HX[H6CBC_'0A,LP9TL'URDIH(-8$/K'5R%$P+@`_@P=#[8H]&`Q_`AX'S
MP;TPP`:P`6Q8C*4M\$')E--II++YHWJ69
A96QLX':N4ROP1%E-`+'H?)6H0




UU@6`@&`@&@H%@(!@(MM^L4V7G;(!8(!:(U4UW

M
GY;8B=AR'S[B;`?F6
QI#'+G(QYP*UDJ#HV^UV$']WCY`LG7YM4GF@#*\`*



MX!GP#'BF&CQC=2QU%;'`

/2-J0S



MKJZV-H`%8`%8

MZMO%=+M%A'85H#/Z+PYPZ@;Z`GUIOE




M`[%I0&RFJ;`S`H@-Q`9B`['I0&QB*ZJN

MK-BQZLF$CSB.2
CLX-[GOW6(ZY-XS

M4JO(
H;OR+_\ID

UH*4]D`.\`.L-LHTPJH`^J`NH)1UU=8


V


3A_^`O_62:);1





?7O^;^YDJ^YB?$)^Y'^
7L/



M91AX3GJ?$[G
FFUHR*O[&&160=ER4K:-:]F[O)NNYN#`KXCRT.K9%8F7P'




M=6QJEBFO/)!;TURM=`X=SQ1')ERSF%`[3FCH4H]X0121XWOJ^AL+%]$\^TBG
M$M$\`[.-G(AMV+PLQ*.=&033U)MICGL%!`VN8R8_$2G7%V5V&S0$&@(-O;+@
M




6/`:X^FXI:[YQJ;J?=*&G#;'&ZE@Y/1'*C2$UT4'^9''SQ4
MSOQ8EW%6




MBWR-&%.[Y0@X$AQYP&C_G-SINXASJZ5F*705\2P@4.V4$@2J
D]AH`.#ED+O
ML
@$1Y9%5\&1*C



OO[KGE*[Q]0L#^;!'R0_Y7GCV+OM5[ICV_/LJ/*





`R
M9






MQ)0/_Z7?%_9B2T+S7)]]&#-)@8;9^NFYUO(GK7*!_(







M78?_E4P]ZI


M:P)]M4N[LF-(N

MHSB1`5@^FH2V(0


M1NO;LYV4EU\7)=-7I


M[XQZ\9C8-
PZT



M7'`'X








]4=$4UY:O(T=MV



^.




MB

F\]L/R?24(

7^G*O!B[H
M\'+'B3^B#T$H#



JQ1'&H-E5-6Y=)E+A^N+U




Q'V7:%
KU^8(TD7=L\/L
^1PP




'OC0N\U[\52L]6EM?QB+T!BD;G`I<4-[0019*$_18[

_&4A?PM)N+9;B@6Z_98-*Y-]X6++8+CCD8LE'LG
MR;3SAV2M/-




.SMY[G;AF=

MG`O)B$UY$JUV04XWCV_?
1Z+A3)'P9C+*?-K


MDG&4ZLS*H^=!24)S9E6YS9\_D??2&M].DKXYQE[%SQWW
]6+PEO]=\%_]!
MXEN\Q
J#%SK;R!Q!JW

L?+Q]1]([TV
M2[Z6U
WSFMM&NKNDQ
3P[H


$-2X9.^UA[$91



5C*8__1!DVQ
M0%

M[D:_ESEH[E]

G]*86__I@XB.%B_^


M68!KXT+_Y^E4HCB@5G6%.5*778^&_21H@IO6/VV'?_2-Z)
]$;N%S+Q'Q3
M#H309;&D

&Y!
M99Y/
A5)(O
2)R1^FC*N[F
./ZY(PGA$+E\)2:Z7K8PXS+**`%(U1R08B@K&

N\XC!T:4Y(57EF\+*=NFXGT9HFF))K]O+$




ZA
M3_-J:W-'%'^
&
\+5=CDL]+UV?._SA+!
Q83:RF143SAB_NL'Z5X]?F85Q9&


^9Z**]WB)CM^^55K^M/



R;9!TLQP2R)/
M5M-ZG

M28HV\RYR
I8EU]+:&OR-I/T@YIOV
'WQIPU
0C/;.ZX:\B1\71_G)G;S=V]
M2.X7Y]ZK/TE'N7*#^:^7RBXUEJI6SK8\)\^LY#62^NE\:J3
_'7E52J(A^-
MM.)N6GEH5II7X&

ELW/S?

%
M;K=^7YQK-98*/;UR@R@.[-\;2Q6CEZH5+1\+I$6Q&_.:8;*NF'_O


FB:\^
:+`:8U(U?&^




\;I@5OP



MT%D]Z
MB_M;O^_P
1P:Q2;N\=*SXJCNN




M\DY=

`







M@\9!XZ!Q2$%2OQ99:IZYU+D5&Z3XD]$PK%ZS@\T1G`9P&L!I`%P`%[`5P`0P

M?ME`%P`%\E'ERM`A+MJ@(MG`K%GZXV:-\+)T?J^&L/FCTX..#X@^
/CC_@
M`KAXRU:T.K`5P`0PL=CUMYLM`$+!!J0^IT


+&Q/L

4!

M$*Q-A1%AJC



/N``NWHZY

X

5K


MZ#KQF'_D8\JT@





Z9
MS29#%BZD;!D-8K:


M!XV#QM5#XU!L

MAY])L`!8`RPM0J@3B*X`%P`+@`7H&;J]L*]ZG#(D(?J1OS-R01BV-/QMSN
MXLNJ3W4KLX
3W1-@@<0N``N8@`




&FC[FJ#K1P0`2(`6*`

M]`?\`_VICO[`D_VF)WLR7Q^56#_CFW)F[EUAMFTL#'!GA][_CS`9:B+20X

MC:N5QH'CH'%UUCBXF=.66+LOXBJW0[)

M*`D1``1T28??2M+M*O7/K-QT4:W9+;]J
Z460=HX/2N'`EZ62?J@



MU^LZLZU@#JA6/\



.`\R(-KN5NAQ&?0O=
M!Y'+G3:-@ZO@S8(D%EIUPPVGDYFJ#K;@A@/$`#%`#!`#Q
H+
:P0\]Z756S[

3].
M0D9L.G5CZF&/__9B#%M\N
\T
E/#('18.).$
?U!HL!S'?*GEORO0M#+PX.]
MJ_``44`4$`5$`5%`M%P05;F`K3LT40ELO1+87;#='G(+#;.XACE!(D[+9BJV


$C?R:9ABP2I7%)D(3I8!?D;RV/F%\3RA\Y;
0'Y9`I\R
W
M\











MO?3\BQ]39L?

2=&;]=2^62-S&`M)QF-&?CW]IN9-C8YB$7K)9$JB
M9+*B+.0XE^FWU+[[S^1Q[-IC\D@C
J6N]









M4@/3@&ER7P#F'W:NR\S#I:9@`6BV/O#_HZQ8&B@8.^I*[:B-AM%7V!A2E[F$


M4(]


M`GB#;?E

5)[UGLI<K)5SYY@^<`-#N)@V6&Q(^S6S<ZM+


59:/9.DV.=^F-





;MTPN/0FBVM!^%*EQM2%E?;]!J5!05!MM2$`
MN)H`UKTT`J#J*(45!LI8!2[E%M26IH-H0J@UIX6+
*P9`'P4LL0V$QD'C
XG_CT8=!RK;W`D&!(
M
N-C3[_%?^\^G'B\G4
MYX8^\YB-\U<_^91/SIW(]L+1#+['1_[J1?8O__M__[W?_XJ+Q%1XT]7OAU
MF.M_=3V/A6=!$$;?N(#MI_D%7*B^D-QW-OI\=&ZVC/8_VO^^.S\BKO/YZ)+:




MN*



Y8;





84'O,)1(^R7\4GQ!(^R&

B&(]#[LQS3%VV15F+\L
MCWSI67)LT6PLXE\68G5F8[.3

GK+[T(B;\B''Y/S1_/6'C2
MK)PD%/
GS7DZC


M

?.!/#'*EVB
6PQG!P\:M&\7[4-QFC5U?+5B





23QV
M


FA

R!4_





0NN04*
MLM/OY#&E8''8S=T/HC.=D_$84-.KA-ND46CN(6]%1WV;/Y^CFR4)UN,B=M

2UQT




M'+D/;&UI*5=Z



M)\*+Z(1T%

[#VS@AP$F82#.WD!*`M+1J


M7LC+G5=]X.\:)K)J1EH/`:BM)VJKEDPJ\[A$-\9RYW:OYZH+CBEN0VC:2D?
MT.KIVJ)R#XV(XCQDS/.@R'UR$42!E/VER@5PC0(/$+#D/KW*0&G]1@D\3E)


M.OS\520'/5]%$1H7-@F&\9




MZ03



+IFTP`#@`'``#5E`*LQ
MZ`W4%;$#!X`#P`'EXX!.I]D!!X`#P`$UY0CWT7A;S``&*V#-!N&&T#_L#G







!



08^@QXK0H]7H&]WF
MX.#B!#V'D&/H$?-Z%%LK=5%+X
@HR0TI[


M[`$/P`/P@%434`%4P$KDZI&J1\CTQ63J!4^





MZXP[Q-]=!B'CMR5V$H;

M6'#H#%0`%3`A


OM`P\)SLJ))K
M`A


165%UC6!`;B`W$!F+3@-BLOMGL@]BJD/%9


M;_CN-21^X'](BW_'64VC0[I%]9,,L==?B-6[7KK#=`2%7[_PZ=`@0JDUD)

`#X`'P`-8*R/$ST2
M7E67$]M.0^2F](F*,$LJ^B+(,X;9^8+GTJ'KN;'+MCEDV+A!274:_H
@JUS

M#E`'U`%U&RTQ376-8&L-.\1







M9

!I%7%GXB]ACZM_S?W
E7W

?GIW5;ZZV\@N-':\KE_P\XJ^KNKC
M
TQ7*
M


M



VAN

M7

/X1_O?=^='Q'4^'UU2
W6



MYE_4-K6QF]):H:^V9&0.N=FITV:PYF!(UYE5`0-[UZ'SL4?B1N[3!FQZFV
M=QHF[R(XJ]5L_51!J96
I_417+[J9O:;_8W5K23+997RN71_

R4[




*R)/NS&)E70A?(:S)XB833P(9V
M?Q/!K^I(7@?Z?(C;J
![
2=K\25[!]DIT8;G@6?[1H.]$&!V
1HQ.[X9W7*I
MNB
N83_^IQ\


1%:_\
`JJY`'EL2KH-TJ:OZZJKK5EZ5G^
F$

M.;\D_NSCSV\GH93%
JI7P:U7#CE:0:M;=FW\GJE;JI#'0ATW7EXL*Y[YWHI?




M%ECSTC(=Z9KQ%[%^S
6@O7

M[XD]2BF.%*ICR_HP93!E%3EK*!WXCBVSV5/LLWM7.@N=RB]86KG:(6\AWQ
'



DDAOLF]%9$$Y%

M/5W_\KPW:`V
\_Z%V3D[Z0TZ9]WS6;K^97=P6N]T_1$7/WD0\B=CEX4TM
=/



M8?J6H3`







M-H1J0\@LYM=9Z&X/Y]+A8QQTT1UP`#@`'``.J!T'H

]C_:_[X[/R*N\_GHDMKQA]9YIW-Q


M5W2IIU2:`E1Z%*O13+^TV^*B_-2^Y:?:.^PO0($H0*59`:J-U5@_C=675*&@

@*9*4%Y%+[6X
`<`&X0`47Y'E@5'IGPEU('181^DC=6*1^12R./1GLNXLORRS2E[6%





N@(NW

M]#%7U8$6#H@`
4`






P=I4
M&!&F.I

@J
2[

M3H`[`9`!9``9G-7`


7P`5P@6.@G(3[&_/C)&3$IE
WIAXV^6\OQI3E

M@!@@A@6F)M!F^[U)/.[8+L]W!;K(XNOCYP@$:=5LP72+L+,;BI^L;[BTDN


M?R1!S!PR#5W[G4S=0[VAZQ-JQ^X#T_+M)C3\G;U3
/=0[W;\A3TP;P$9`R=8






M*+0]*BKQ]D1^7

MN?2[D;




_*-G@K0N%II
M'#@.&E=GC8.;.6V)M?LBKG([)


O#KX00(N``N@`O@
M`KC``NH0VXVZ'`/]G3GWV0Z$!




%,TD8TQ\DCS7(7]JR?\J!+T\/-B[@\0
M!40!44`4$`5$RP51E0O8ND,3E<#6*X'=!=OM(;?0,(MKF!,DXK1LIF*[#.[


71Z=-7
M1J


MHT&$;FS\NF])\^.;L'I+$S;0GA5+]UPQQ/?EFV:26%.F^8W3J;:9YV6_^7S4





MS54HSRS!$L=YRNNNGOMF290
_\/LF




M134G4*AV2@D*52?+3J/7Z33552/%0G-#E]`O



M(8MD;66'Q=3U(A*
(Q]<E]-A\-_H_BBC5=V_+U,MAE
MR))<)@=A&GY!*'368`OL]EDR
*%2;.







8A@J:T7#KV-3I-93D!NO`#/*4`A$XK
M?N`N@]+F`H%W&-=K^YBG;NRF7@5=!OFNWA'(J(_@T!7]^77HBJY.EKV&
M9?71%5V3I2M8$BP)EM2/)8\[AJ6N'.[^`MTJ9[L4VHIR3J!0[902%*I.EMU&
\R<Q&
WHT5._(E
B;_X87N)
MT
!?@\!Y=#WO3MS]CHOBU`OLW__V?__[/W]=NP

6;V*



%[QF+/V:\/C*)_PBSPW\:./C

MUU?/?78P87QA$NK(@8*^GC

M;AS).[A1E%#?YM`0)4.:RM:




FU1L@I%=4_!.
%(7\QGT
SX\J0$U\DE$D5C6R1


M^&]&2]PK2#L_

MF'=485

MK'&V(I8!UC@:
4YUUC@FH-AC;.%._X/S$ZBAF.K+'2V2`QIJG


0%2DYN
MSJY$.E:'[)[+/GFH?^O1%5/`1]0L-[UT]?DB9Q

\L.R!

M;WB2H8QUM1%:N7P)[7@KJGKD^.O2!Z)TWZ4.\:
CNX]_EO1%W'[)@%A@Z&
MKA2&KO2^TYW**$#=)/LB@

;'
M,O8^)Q(1&9N7)$`+L8WQ3J9!(X;/ZF-(]!H*Z$=:#=W;[R3<5
=]T=+86^+


MO%/U'=((LM3(

M^Y`Y6`VS]=/2;7K3.`TM



*J?@%/M<$3Y`.GZ^YA
M!

MVN[F%30'!@6#:L&@$%RIWGH6PD%LJI2606M9`6]@EY!KRK4LBJ[)50#QLA

M'LGW8$+]3^0U0;RT^WUTG7C\L=W?1/:K:K+YC[?;@/
A;J
%;R09R]&OZ*5P
M1NS'\


MKL]-2OS1



MOP
*N)L*DM6A0)`;=20'

HG




3$E
MQ

@(?L.DM=)?:JX`%^MK<.Z8-P&H0TSL?5]DY1W4V-'V%VYE=A::+
M2L&74`+#5A]H#HKKY`IH`IJ`YC;0S*F2;0VAN;^3T.J6?S'KRUD7M;6(LU66
M2X%[Z5+4\PR3*4<96
!%A5I\@M]*\J5;ULB;&JW3(`^0A^AC]761X20HAY!S7
0


M84E0\!AX`![FUW7@9X.?;9L3^ER+$51GPV*J*Z9;^?T*G`%P!FR'+53]!+:`
4(
M]QK0^5L5_L27Q(\C#FCB!S$)V<AC=KSZFV!$A@&_T'$C6_ZZ04:,\?\;A2(



MH[\]TY*W&.$UA7E+R9ZM#(WG807R#W(YX_I\;Q%_M
P9+RE2S3NN%J/`XW
B

&CV6^UNO]?Y
M:;;VY1SET6G$/LX^?'J^EGW9SBRXK?OBL=



D;A
?ELO2K?7:;_1V;/Z?\ZG_C831G%)$/W=
MY-=_57XGPE;OL

J2D




1%+^


B\3C./AXRS.!G*
M(@'\]WR^N51\PG[88^K?


B=7=QRY5Q)*2%F
B(9W72L_C&LM'4*+^'E9+!SX&S*?%YVNS48JN


M%G^
VF/R[?:?Y#ZD?IQV#UQ3IBU?(
/5##J9WT--S+^




S1M:RQSLKH\-]\5
M[+'5K-G_E1!J96
*O417-[J9ED;JUM)EH5YTMRY^^!R]77(D\N\C=?36LLH

A(#5^DFG[R5I]_/EY+T9'?E7/5;X-%8M'M[XDLQ_QYKL:W/\\QF
MN_

A

M9Q]109F5B^
T$IPVRH:UV?K:3(9W91%=

6)

-J;U)0A*E\B.N$.!236B;3\8]$T6H

73
MN*)$KL/$
--W#OQYA/$\!G7_
%-)(+W^
P9I+T=Z+D_C\Q]M


<3I7
M$AH]LURQH7M\9G-HHB&_*[\N\^U2M@-_O(-

N%/1P^2?.09BT\B2P3T42!:[R8HC2B?\7&B:D2
MFL]$EPKY]



M:?;Y*0HF:ZO-U]N;Z[)V<W-]UMR





2I[Z;R

0'?8.^0=^@;]`WZ!OT#?JF3M]*





K7_7BMI@$\``_`
M0QIO8P(.@`/@@$434`%4O.9(;IE-$WA0L.NN4WB!O5)H$1$&[PBM!X^7
EL$
M7S*`M0@PZ!T!\@LG(IT=4'LH`L(*L$?@@`#``#P.;G0U+G4NC\M!A
$Y
M&[$P9`Z)Z8_

Q1T6

`)


M
T]T\:1FID'\8MTN'!!HW8%R\[?!&$N

OT`55YK524@M1OM3JO9`9:`)6!I
M7Z-DM91[

MD9LP/SKZ%@93


MP$0_1)37U)0

M4&-)S99;(R=7WNTY7#^F_KT[]!!A`'\R_

M?L\`N``N@`M+0P`

M01X;]&LF=N;+FW3J.X0Z#]2W643B@$3)
'(=EX8NRV777A7?F&$V.GT3SC%E
M9DHC_)77?E4%75:C:R@T;``7P`5P+8YU!H
^6K`#7`!7#C4?31$4/BC`=JUK
MRK:2*7_!1T`/T$

?FG6M.*1CT6A:\IN-TZ8G.K
MP4(R..``.


-!66



!251+W%GN9C'AJ9@\PT5RW]M*B\


M!U2*7E!UV^I.(:IB.A#5]6X*Q33@

555@0V\ZT`%4`%4
M`!6S)%YU_@*@`6@H.1I@(X`*H`(V`E$)NVO+E1^ST`XF_-E/A#XK/`
'V!M-
M@QO]OH'C&V46=YE@&N1X6^8R/`'M`M'*#5:Z$0&*`%:.60/&$U.BJ#PM^5



D5US&D0Q2&+
MW9!-1
S&D/ELY


MS6!

UNU?6%
MK@I0]

^``.

MWFZ/*GDW5MIN^D'

M!!`!1


*J2YW1L


AKVG0=^*+52!AX'G\]XHK0$!;%^A?V@/^P5`@L$=C*:^8`
``
``/`




M]9&69ZJ.KZ[)UZLO7ZZX)KZ]-'MK'*^]XM(U*XN*UFR@KL_72^GWY9OZ03BA
MWHI5-

KFY?U74@.






#9`%90)9RW\%`84]4(`O(`K(0




G5][]*UP_IOZ]._0080!_
OS)Y31550%8NV$.3)R&`EP`
M5QX+Q(Z%*!Z`^#TA```\#*!;!NHV]V$&J0K]^C2NZ-*_^!1?%$5$9P??+5
M]3P6G@5!B`H)N5BKJN!&/XB4U_:4#!5\@]126+H.B``B2HX(V`F@`J@`*H`*
MH`*K)\0?*-V@7S.Q

M[[;4Q8A6WCE6(OR5UWY5!5U6PVI9:*



V8F'('!+3'VCG


2G?P5H-HV4IC.E]3VZU:)&K'WUIMRH`?8&^%-!7MS$P6NH.4D%?




!





M;Q6`+F15`'E`'@)^#AV54&[GQUT04V_/*KJYNA$W;^98M/-#]*Q4Y_RH0\]*

!57L-6
M'7!91A<UC`$N@$L]N%JP6@`6@(539``,`L5P*R&:5@*'?15!U?M0S2^
3\2




M@YN8_Y..I2`.6HU/'8*J`A3]

X``Z`0UGA8%B#9@=X`!Z`!\07`!5`

M70`8`%8J@



M!./RFL':H+;;L
P!D`OD`KDE0Z[1Z+1:@N\`[E`+I!;`'(+SN6I?%$%@+-L
MX2'52OVI/,!J'^B1IO[H'.FA:\5\
^:@.NZA!7I1^RRFNVJH0EPVRT6I;


M0IP*P`0P*0*3U6@9AKIR$
`2L%1;+%.94-!(4X%2-MW.V6U%+82J(/50IS*
MQIUW/6=[1T;6SBB+:YE3I`

MW#K



+
M/NISLC::+1^4

M91E@B-_

MY=%UXC'_-1=_9E6YHGET&K&/LP^?GEO)Q7LO!R(L(EE:+X:6;!#+(%_F\U';




=I/BX'4;QF)BTVA
IF'PX#K



-35B-W)
MVZB'ALAF`.!5PXKEG%@USS``K4!2Q&!Y8%8`%8-E[3*^UQ7)7#&ZBMJ@X
M-CL#=4WHZF!\CSI++D+X%L8\%$Y$1F%P81$U&






M;;5#FZ&RB7C5D84X!.G;H
X#]6WTF
C'@5$5L


M+Z+0(G]50NW8?7#CIUS\:FEGTDQ`Z\U)J^)W.[9ZS;8RQ]N^0JLRQN$.+\(=






M-W+UB1S)3(GXQ;H=.:3!;`_4K65W
GN;2Z;\-A&FKYXH&_25NV#SQ
OA;1^`
M!]=%FOH[#S*(`$(-452&H=)5CX`6:`V4LP


WGGG@?$JI)9T5<8$%?UC`KX<`NP754!%E*6`#``
M#``#P``P``P``\``


`5B!!8$%`2I@


@





R[_(U(@IRFMM@7B!^)[545B#!H@'


MOU_ZO#0NS_79AW'J(C?
UD_/U:K-U6II[#83;9%5C?YE__S7FR^W-]?D[.;F
7-^1F\NTB.WEEYM_E7FDES??R=W?+\B_
M+TZ^DPL^ZG.R-IHM'Y0=UF5(7GNL'*##["DL1OX'P6HTG<YOSB[^'IZ\7UA
M`BVC0<R6L7ZDJ&3LZR,MS[P=7UV3KU=?OEQQ_7P[Y/JM<;SVBDO7KP.6K.!



N!4
B0&0&.V<?P_:DILG&HA^G#(4I+3
'AP


ME@'+Y
@RQU:WB
7

M#!U4ZH%U8)J0;6@6E`MJ-;.HLLSWJ3DK4U/^&O)6#`2!R+&9IDL54

MY^[M!C2

M$4@0\QL0&D4LSL7%4C($YF#BZF+)8+`JBXIV1YU[$7``'$H.AYZZ-1K0`#24
M'`U8
@$50

A



M:1S4R[FY:
J_WH3MJRG

`/
`+.78&8

`+.JPTRMHR1_





H(C']08;
9R

M1:_9R]V%615



M8-9@U@`PF+5JF#5$27RC3Q/FBXR0(33)+3'-*WR\(K?!`Y+)7N[YV%L0(J
M@`J@HO*H.&ZIBUFMPX(



&LP:P!8A0#&S5H;9@TA



M#A/Y.SC6X+F&Y[ID]JTJ`#LVC`$R_9#`#MS!L
&P`6``&``&@`%@6#GJ[DRI
MEL]D-?GC0%Z3DB&PJZ[-;UTL&`Q59=&`@RV@`J@`*H`*H`*H`J`NPG]D8#

5[;MQ]-%Y



-N3#??2/'@RL4#(K\]



50

M@Y*9$*32O^H`N!B-FW;](VD/$'$/;#3JO@A31F)/TL.@(4ZQ!`=L?VHJF+








6J[+5*$J)5H+=Y$2M/+K_??57U[]=W
J0^I.S

MKK6O=JT]X:\E`\5('(@`E*F0Q58!)AL71ZY
VZ
NNA[!!:B+*:@-ZHRNJ:[E

M6QCPZ78B


M*E97U0

M5?V+\+K#ZPZO.U`!5``5&Y1#QCD40GP`%1@0&!@`@8D;P.0(97-_=?`NJ3
MD$W3/3ZB%N8AF.Z;-:K*@`S3765'($L(`O(@NDP``P``P``\#*#3L#;=`
M%F(6I%N#.@_4M_-IS5DR^,/#C\Z_.AK?O2!NF(_=?C`RJUA0H,%`!5``5
M0`50@645PA




MYS_Q+Z(5!7]50NW8?7#C)[@I1;N7?L=2%U94!VS!JU]GN'1-H]D!7``7P`5'



M!H`!8``8``:``6#8?*$UP3X.$)M%$8GI#S)D/ANY\:RZX9B&[
.0BJ#]9?='




M!@2H`I@0`ZPI:]'D,0W^C1AOLAE$(R34)[3-

V\`
M&``&@`%@&QPC]=2%V-;Z%`FP`^Q@UV#7`#`=``:[AN@(9=$1;!@3-XH2ZMN
MOT44(_Y!A-0.U


M2!T#491

M:YU)]P!=S!L,&P`F`X`@V%#B0AUKI*5[)%H'(1QFC(R#$+^?OR5$3@!G[T

!%`!5




M&[LL2DM$!I
)`!'*=D(YB

.F3.]PA](Z0N2W1R9?:!AX


/7#8'D-7+6PU#&
9@=8`I:`I;V=C/V6PFQB





M(VVL(

M2H:'MFFJ\T$`#\!#R?'0Z:@+CP

MW]=A=NE


M$E

CZGW:T)#^O]G[VQ[TT:Z/O[ZNJ3K.XRB





.IE8ZCK`%N








JH+@<A*,N[+K1/S1)GZU.OM&`1JZ?'?9$W,G,[PXR0X*

M!V``3-X((\-(AB@CO^A0(8`H
1`UM:Y:.B9=XFA'9`\4#.=T[+D^\1(ZB^LD
MH.(+2$Y+H
)ANU8UL)2(0'E=7(G(TVQ1\UI`#^B5'#V30W(*[($]L%?\WN72




5/Y./MU)D!408*@O^2!/]/










M&:3_G'Y`XI9^Z@_(Z$^'?'4N!\1)6]TF6ZW9\T;K1-K:&W==MG`1V'JP-8

MW9/O;






MC%T2V`)+)FL+RV%@W032A1`V@93G*M%%NL/J%$8=.%73?ZAR;IL]7)-QK0







MNV(*7%;D
&CH;(#M=I'`2,P+EM@7%PLU7KZ.P.I`.8`!-@
@F/:`UA3^62



.2+^!F4(4M`2^;^*


*$PH3*I

MJ'75:IY;W+ONT&R$P.




MGP[YZEP.B).VNDVV6K/GC=9YQ;69V;KMLH$3.@Y7Y]%\R
!8/4O;:3G=*V?P


M^H


]304_;BE5=FX`
MS9%-7C[

M&RNG;3%4`7WY^I)K:S[1/*P#FR_.)KZX47J/O-



9L%
J5'QC;8;44'

M8`)

MA(13\BT
KD&PUHY/K9:3S$G<R\P(N3
M[3'[Y30NSD-8I0


MJU-=H`PY(OX&90A2T!+YOXI@64(L`26PF%94YL-5!DYH@.18P:U4(:`6E`+
M:M]4AMBH,@)E

D\FX6B7OC4Y*$7(-+TD5QD=U`=@/9



J



WFN3:68AS!A
&$P81)8\)JJM4X;W#O



M]_^VC&GO_/R.OW]//S[_
%S

9LO#
(:)FRS_
MNS_M/QR0


MSN3QKZ)*/5.5J6)X;&-N



N3H@KY:7LR3!MHKD]H%&=/6/W*4@]ZE70
41=4*[
.CM^N2%^
].N:S
MW3X-ESQ^2[A
QOI!);MTA?M=@1=QC!N!8*[ACL73(E?
=_T!);^N&^3\[*;Q



PS\3T=
[ECJ\C^ZS
$4NE^L@&M-!/(G(+.SF%DG+%S;+%X$U+MB/




M-`0?X;=GW+R+DY%?7!\R?:9F;3[$L_!_*B#!)!;V(TF/#/F\4\057G
UA4BQ


MAF8Z`TC2CU1P)7RM




Q2Y/C_&K^LY3YR2!.\]%3







MUO6U$+_WUS6]UX\-M-#*4IV7LRGQ?OFFTV#NV@QL?N-TXYX!];SI=[Z?&6?)




_



5!A6FBAA6UQ


<KD96
M[T2H+!7


MGX8-R;(.Y.419]I-^W^$012)8UONV/M;#B

JU:Y7JP
M3(`)








N521NX`F4@-+IHJ1`U846!*(D`ZCM[0%6Y)7(
#IT94$50$/S7)/A_X#TPY$4V@`MP.79<3'E[EP$7
MX'+DN&U/[@`%Z^8$8E%%:=A1K*LJM!^K4AK9?/+NS`8\<;X
?



M+




TB^(BNX'L!K(;

`MPT+AO2
M8DYI:&DZ
J7Q$QD&$_$[L_#23O$ZK0-9_\IM;#\4Z9QC\JI7[NP\GEK(7=9.

MY1880H5A4*%JB^44*&(9NHX4Y=0#JI]*J@1C,8A?:!^Q/Y0W9-J@QJ?@HQ


O#S09']

MF-[HIG/=Z[1)H]/I]LAEU_F[U?[!W]W\O&C_)A?M)NG]NNRUFJV+;LOI:=S/

GM


M;C!RUWR[1S:



M5_]D




M:9L2$P4?C(XJZ

@+E-E9C

*#GW@BCZ


MB?LNJB+Z




MS9]:J0MF0VH!;794ULIVSF4'6O!WT%3\=5.-*:!XQ(G_KTCL6+\A&$;/EU





M.`Y9?Q*[?8^2.



+4$#VHL!V2%&;!
MK-2*E=R';M=LA


?[@3=
;W33



VL_6S2P2$=!.EY-%\%&&E;FD[#N;ETN@MC:M4+
MQ#+

M!^'(]5:
KBF^

^;?N?[F7&6O.?69S![_\K@W+(1C4B;/I)N
'+7

MEN]/N=;\B=IN`UA[TYOXZ8;\-S9U(W)MVH^)&[I^'(3$]8=*ME`XJ*0511
:

G*LJO_]9!3TGRJ[+L


ME`)F





!0')&_B



MZD6!]


MAZW.Y.Q#+=06=$


MKY/#ZA=8@B58OFB4V^MK+#['JC340BVY)%`+M5#[X\S4ZI).32Y)=EN5'#=:

M%W!!G

80FZ1/&O


$*B%6JA]-C.D3Y41
D
TRDI[2UWI



[^]:[Y+WZNH

UGBOM=V]&LYF_E$%?/CT5
MVAA/]%[7@;U'1Q.?[5#=8]MA1*Z/]OO#FT_#D)A^TXAGU`-4$TQBJ*%#!&M





M@JP;9;D#69`%6:50(0`
X*'D/%@:#W<%!W`H.0X,FJ`*C:$Y*:Y;\*#



/A\V?_*5MW]EX^CVH@
ISLXLNTPLM
_%Z9!V
M_%B&TVF[GTM[,V@YG(84'HR/F=XSY=Q$%GNN(?S73?Y61R[+0HU_;=55!
M&;TZ#[VZ)H!:#4OK(0/`9S`J6L@VS8T)DJ`)FBIBXYQFJT.ZTT(F6`[ED


M03


M=#0.'8$+N(#K5N)H]O4=V@9:H`5:K!T#&(#E
C#L]GL4+
Q6YZB2G/%[$#C?
M7

M`BHVEC\;1I\:2WJFW`42N;(^GL/U8]O_XDX\




\1




M3
MA4RL$6O$&K%&K!%KQ!JQQCI98^US7@X689A4$O7NYC0?LK#(#/JLX*95/LJ




MKU.#JUJ9.(/`715N6+*K+15&U^!P$WB`!Z($5$#%8YOQ._I.--W\R;.;D+'5




;EMG6


M



P`!LB\-@3(XI!RW0RB`EU20?



!D571N5C]1$@N9*0
M
``#


M6&Z_B[5A]KOZ=N&!)5BI0;)Q6@V6JUF#HN_KQ)CZG2()M`[78FUVD81G/?

%`^/


0!WF0M]TBK=:]+)7?5`]<P$4]F**I*542399;7XJ<Z5#4A*-$GS3U

MHZ=O?8P='Y`&:8]




V
MG'






;MQI[1-CIP&H1V[@?\AP6=Y^\/AP?#XX_#T
M+G1:1D.836/3+VEI[F9+R_-3[8W&XGAT=#12EOCTT.RI=CSVB&O7W!M4-&\:
<
MNS

M1O/!-(HMUNW3A_GM7:OS\[
!ZWY

YZ1]NVQ?278W






@TO6N*RTI^03F\+3+F<?C;:E<?ZQ
M?3-+''JRS/


M7

R#_0
M.D$?RV1FOCY)MWU'V,Z5[4]E).)`1(M)Y#JN';HRDUE[5;0QPVST.DU].:*5
M%\=*Q%]YXU=5Z+(:5M/B&&7@`JXLEG4Z[1:1[B`*XO3-]7`T.AK/(V%\QQ`
\<YW`K+/;8#X[.CLY^(T?H2X*#!F@H.0V<


UB8F

P^


R.N1

MCV*H.EID*!RZT53]K^LOI.N0SM1/X@02&34%45;-#5H0(JH`(J;K0XDMF@


9N*&=)OL9$^O+
MC0N3K+%+5'?3*LJY!0/DO)&GY+1T&IK3


MUNHR3H(!+




E5\*.JQ+ZU&NVEH

M^L[MO@58@F5QL.PUNNU6#N?)@58@N7VDHQA
MI!7]LP?S56)
G8X/!5J@W79EHM]NYE#(J1:QM/;)+



MON$81$!$R8G8
\U&S]!85H9
#GBI


M8:M*+!EFH]FT-%;;`B9@JBM
9J/?ZVA

M7;I++:(6N3/6=,X\).C9L+`\]3C3=)C9%1G$UADYJ(^SNHT5IY_;%$L)8W





M1K?3T3ZGQD7B(G&1N
@JN
@]L]
PFTWM*\]OZ%%6!O?^$_\9RG\I]%NM'OZ
MEVT88CZ[X//O.T__]#G'WF]UL;UYSUW9S(28_E-G`8S^W%?MG:YY_KRETN9







M;OYC.7!


M
#
-/NH##:V%<=LQ?H
M,$:,$6/$&#%&C!%CQ!CK8HP:,EJ:I9WGI)<-U&.EB6<B#I(LEGG2Y!=EJ61:
M@/H--:;?+#<:AKZ:JJ]2&XMA(0B*&3CPRK%B&3N6YH$%6,HB]$FL@`+L&P]

%

MK(D!Z7$X0:R^0-A1).-
U(&BG*%=P(!5^:.TT81S'%5`:RM+XT'L``+L&X3
M]_=-P`(LP-(^)-R5L4$;M-6.MMY^#[R5$4J)7Z






MNI%;G
R152A)/K$91W89
%M]?6/95X6][7NF_#&1T%=/ROH][1)LEKSL/O8!

*SD8G/TA

M+(OA%J[C
$?
L4`=ASEBC@7J.

!Y\@PD^T)59';T+/1LPL9X0`,
MP``,P+80\?:-W`RKRD-.J(,ZPAIA#<*`!AA;9=*2J4$D\_V]4SZR8:0(!3S
M13B]M)=%'A[131`LV9/X=G668`454`$5E:=BK[GC:L3%&&60%P$J!!`%00

*-HH7M3Z5ZBB@F^^$I\@R-Y\'7661#VD;:9NV(M2
`*P)@




(XZ5,`E]7SJD4FK0`E'


(:0R/]N%8QF)^+Y5A;WXW

IHN0TBF
UD.'5M3\SMN0S1W9[@UNKV

$=W!'8&P`MNO`UC8LDI0
M4$)_(H6


;&]Y
R-

YGARS(JAU9AX``S!5S'((K4A
MV47B^K$
I\%


=
;D6

P7


MT_(/

MO!^HRY944U1H]WI-4]_AM(3A#)-U*B;('0S._A#\:%(7PS_^\_17X.CX?C\
M[,-K8+8RT+PWNU(7Q9JM\%5^L&65]PX@6EA6I@6IH5I85J8%J;UTJZC7
$S

=MJ?O_

ML&


#Q8/AZL8[:R

MV9-]5.QV'IR
#X?CL^&A:MSX[.1H=#@X3YIZ=CXX'QX/Q^?BY-.RB.VGHY._




M?XP3=P^UOOAZMV;??'`A?8OUV_1A?GO7
GY^-HS=#ZBKU][73_G^]$^VD?[
M\FY?2;)&C='WKJ6[7/GT&30ET_/:C;&$[W7=6#OT='$9SM4]]AV&)'KH_V^
ML$/;CX
1A<N8YTQ.1:[TB]<+UWXM@+A-]WO\B[&GL7KFQ*W=*


QL$I-=%VFV%@YQQ`7A@C)T



D=-5SWRP#&D8.ARJ@`J(@MT][-JM'$Y<@#NX@[M[
MW)EY*
C1A8Q550%LSV@8O<Y^.S?CJK(B#7F01V@CM`$8
M@`$8@%4<,,:.9#-H%$A.9;P(_22!86K/W=CVEFD-&2LE)6,.*1XI'BG^@0HE
MK8Z^?1H0`1$E)X(X`150`150`16,GLAET#M5/PIL7X1R;E\G^0QD,*!HT*7


M_5P.DB#IX7%AMZNOSD7M`U:6&2@5TU(.!F=_B$]')W^?B4^G)\?BTV@\&!^




1S8%`D54`$54`$54`$54
&$XNTX


M(!LFFV4[^NH?O6I31



@6*.(IXV:(:@`$8@`'8LX`9;7UC2<B+
@B=`$8@!&ZBD46

RQM[7$RK6Y?'YO(V,C8H,4Z$8`!
M6`Z`&69WOP=:H`5:QX``[`2`=9N=G-(<:@*6J0Q'%S:_I<D34$D[#JA?1&+


M
.;?111XKB/^U4S_[30@6DUSQZ?C;M\UY0^*Q+ZZ8M9IZDO2`S
P`[.'
#-Z
M?7W[.
`
S


LRVZ1B4LO!X.P/
1@?

6*



3`?(5
M!-C=\?*NJ4ML0R



!JAA%T4*^9(\8N(+K:RWN;#&)7


M%V1]N=ON:MSE0NVKPGBGPL5&O$Q]O8S1
%L&?@8_@Y_!SV19;M#J-2E038%J


M**&@-M09'5/?D4=P!W=PMQ5W;;`#.[#+&;LLNA5?;$'P`!L^[AFFCJ+K]4Y
ML&E89VYBO(Y#-3/[43B(@QF(K(]&:6GX=SJ*4G)!!'$Z@N$'44RSD1@*1F!
MG
-LLG(OY)1/)/J0M<7QZ[G

+0J


'(HN@Q9H


M=G-


PFPYF-6L[SS:9SG0M_OY

&IH5I85J8%J:%:6%:


4]M0^@Z:EKT)8


M0





MOX2&W.;H5='+$*01I`L9LP`
P``


;8BQC

#1P$L6_@`
P``
P)X%K*NO
MBBM@`19@$;D`#




MK(;9

;=O9HG!+!Z#Y0UPU6*I;1C[;5B)5AZL\C8:VK<






M?GGP\P^\_E_JX_
/9XOYW)
CU-?YFG]\$6NUT#)Y@GYIL

P



M=$_:F=PG6(3BJ^J96(;)ZK'ZGF

27ZI:WW^BH&.4'


M4?().XJD
.J:]/G5CR;#*/E=?$\3`[^6W
TT6D?I9HT@--F83!<G2

DX'3.L;G@AU9C%46Y!M4I]2L[595\7[A*O





V5S?HSKV)7K^*Q:F4QW;[KM3W]EO?]7]?&Y


M?3)U.RE



\E3M-/_



5AG#T:64-T`\


OF]VWX

2UJK&
G-W


H
MOK4IU2%+
YWJG._4YWU3IW^V*GK\^/5R,!S9PG2C]WB[B'4$VWSY<L8IY;#2RB

M.+\:'=\7+6['._+[W$[#U7H_K77R




MG_LU*D1NO%73!


(@(CW00\;1%
MX.44^\&KLYFW`D\*+$?#IGG'\=-XQV

M?#!ELGF^C)]S4][AWOT.0-\-Y\??ZRW89/X4_8D\X.])
H$M-
OC9_S.4/

MW/BSQ_NXBKJ!5=3



M2FAM$7$-CKI])BXVDE8%X25\)\)8IE6S2U8+X;XS'I7.=A+;259H:=!UEJ6]



P5QSLJ'_N
!#%'*RNO2V?

MO^-AV4_905@9`M
DRU.9ZV9T]1[NZ@I1YG:K/L!=[\
R$P+[WF%C:]-]SC1%






;WGF%/8
*&YLQY[(?)P$]?E3,TOJW^+


XP&E'K&VIP]M(D6L6F!?!$DT'1M4


??[9+9


M

MXL

T(':Y:+3+V?DUN=(ON(V
D
M(9J^26C`&DX'0G




ZEGE?9K=-U;$-+PRE2*`%T0.#R0='^U
]B[7D+U

M

2B9@CW

M%XWX;K
Z_M&
#--3+LU6VSVJ#8V
!X_-F*':?M:Y6!18@2]HUF.8WQTDMZC2


M8LV
%I

OZ7HPE%-



ME(


H@







ME(KO*V8%[P21#MH*#F6WF!\7XUQAE-09@@8FG#R),UK+$_/+@X12X$2`;F*
M/+Q_+M4?DXE=4+*'J4

MFIN`&*6G=TBY!\X`1SM2V@_:T\$-GBBAK&:^A$KEN'=2VF3U$:7.!(_[3UFR


MW'44M7\%C)%T%.5(+8#`!^A6Q9VB6P*G4$H'D-$-C`#R#6AT^&K)E](/@$

MNPJBN((LB3KL4I%P9::6M=$4+R5G/K6VCZIO5/IH[%C(2WZG6_(L?U##7_+
MI=BO%UEU9\=XQK2R!HH,FBU4+F%5.'PIM4#@MF(*VDA$!IAQ%\%%J!F\KJ(
M!*9!C)06ALAKW







KU1J
MKPZF(].'2`S1=U3&:O#'
?PG4E5H9FNCE-!#P;+C%;FN)$9/`NJW
3E]]*\!
MACC]4*@X7AG*`3UW:@#8*0.=)K!'CDW@9F





M




(#5@<H?PR0;`)FC&HR7\5U^7K*?

M6$8^P@HGA3!R
HV2.ZF)/C#]&E0C)WO1^ITZ4P.I&ZD+%V6;4.9QWR
@L8C`



97#U:UIAV




SD0*@@*JRLU=K36]7457?%!MC9



JAH*_0C]
N7OA8/%&GQ3
:S@43W
ME*;TB[^5[-!%)M<3#AE1L;
4:*5E8**GW*74JIFZ4@WJ7FFM03^K1+YWB6X



BM`*-`HXJ;PS



M448];J287(L$8@W[50M!&XE`+GIOUEX%Y4UW1))636XS+OYFR'RR



LQ&
M0XM*%R:F-H!V((-9Z

M@=3[4TDT




M%
-!NSV2LXU6:W%(#*;841@U136O'R5$1&6T4.@#*EB-AK'JZB\HO()-8B

0.K
#IHQ!^K5&)'B-F
MXFE@LQ:I
]UZU=*?\T
G.E!5.423:C@OTUR1]&L#.@


L35=$=%





M$1S\_=DE:^8]30&3


M)'
!Y@+



L*DXGL



'^I'J
MM8H/T0N0W8Q@_8EB+:0F#J4U*Q;%+TUK'5VQ.V27`-)FL)L95+;;1M/@8+
MY'J



E]O1?V%7P/V]=^_?

M3^K-T!P2)



MQ7U1*=;Z(TXER_7L9]-6=E('Y@_VSJUWF=:T:B_X2P76DI\;
\9T=
VJB9W8

M&A0E






8=Q)EREAOW<-?['=T,4Z4UWE9GY


M]N#DGQ-
Q`IOJF&\!!@USTUKNAC]#%-J=8\N&(DJ#:GW=

V



M#Y/C-M0.+.-L7;+_C.Q^031FTA1J;*O

[

(N4T$CBJ


92PM
K]:91K&]=_*P=PM]M3_
M/4DBGPC%-1(P_



M6]R(

MEXF4^G9
B$M#@?(:7D''%@)JPI+*-&_
\
-
\!2



MA=IOC



0

E-:@&&


RBI*5_E-

BWZY?'/IT5@AQ?424HU
U$Y7

^;G[$5?\RR_X

M

!]H2;)(W`KZSI*KK6]6@/P*Z3\

M5F?N8@BQ2CT5BJ[ZQY4

3LR!P7`JIQ!LIFO











MT


KGH5FCW9J$<_BA9M7*1=`JR
)




M\T[

F3K@3:S%D.5JKOP?1I7[`Q%$D[Z%#$SQ!`[8IR1C
L


U]ZU1?.9]U=-KQ
M]JR

'V/.:UEH


G6H:E(6U+K:*0]4S7X;TU&W
M.3S\3FOYER:1M\6X=[&8K=E)

M+`?08
D1X(W*@-
6%+6



M



[S[]#2FRCQ
MO_[MO_[S/_Y:/DBGQ5]4#?,^ILD[Y&;O*Z96WDN!?/CP28Y^VKO@JC_/?K7
MEZL]D/

M?YOA##:Y?@EQF-&O\M;[E$S$\N'M36&2=!]2`NBJP.B5+I)0Y$@L;V:$20;4

]M?C


M&PXZ?2;1VDWGHEOK0&6^!G48M/=4\6)


*?]P^Z9JXTWY21?A(OL

E)@BX_!B7OB

M:DB?FL
FYW.-+60A)F@^J%$VU$;DL\0V:GNO
!.YQ@O5!-BY`WHDJ%;MN*$K


*
I@3K;/%(I#@5

MNWQ`/!Q@1=M0G



M*/V$Y'N7KH5^]ZS99W-^VCW:\-$H64/.7_R('=#1QP1$IUI+W'=OZ3P+
_M7

J_@0SOE),VRF
M4TX-P9](,IO)(*9/ZZVLCU(0(VR$#8N\D:F9?JL]HM]GWCC,\B157<_FG)8@
M/LJFCSC^E!P#Y'M5?;RM04Q3W;I%JYK4C<?RO7Z?V0^UNX@$$H)_5.-]Z_6
7[DW,RMAH%4F[+-)/7IX1#J^.\<JZ0[CT


MJTAZ&FBI]=.@3QSHBX$P)$ZB26+F7U+J&7KGU9I(FMF&^WOE[S\G_M=L[Y6:
M#9*&.-MP)'S5D'+SU`AFJUN#KD
=:HV)(#
?]';7[:
W$)YP9I:^:-OPCCUJ
MO!1IFW0N.K:K9N8W+E9/\





M!&E/OP
ML1QM!N?B/GR[[4W@/GSW,ASNP_<<7LQ]^!ZYPV=MB/OP;:`9R3O,T/P_.T/S
MH\DQ_9B&OKQW^\UNBU8O*%,\3960P759O=!HBGO5)7IO
A:%RNJLS&ENIB+

M9NF;!J9NGAUN.'6S=\:IFTUU7C4O6:Y1F3^5[-DRT[F]6+B%6&;GEW$6F8MF






$S?;NTRH


GB:0R'12]M#.


IFMA`S







6+;LI6[:M#.63'$72UPFA

+\Y.VM7



$W#X569!+8!




M8)Y#'LI-5I\C7IK==FE[FZRFV'P@E;X

=04].N\=N.Q:IA@@W
M


MJ4X]PLVJ!_
)04]:*4U++C(Y*CT/)(=1T#M=P;NYZ+?!U;L;1/(41B'N3S`
MG:B&3C/-J$39\`BGID^GT9U'+ECAYW1],EOXXA#-^J[;M+K$I]Z3%

M5^@L+'MFQ:*!%(\:/_'\O3J?*#$[4(.9T6XRHZ-M94:;(\[#HS5T[*]UB;2R


(I=6G-[F*97E-:=EPV

MB^I)C
QE6J33)

2!5?PPBC!


M
_?2&'PE?;!?95I!?=`CWZ^S&JG-(VM[6^@S=JZ(G0/&3L;.YF&GB9NQ]'\9
MZ?^@1MIZC7



M]RA+O+&X0=-

?M3Q]C[3:][0:SZ*

<R)8*[3&40YO/TM3ZNXKJ8_\)=+\9'%#8]Y?$=[U8\P/.-IVFR;=P(G(9


1!:%;<\9*IGM1!D`%U4Z9*[82S3E*X
MS@-,_II9O5SA5HG=?DS3GK)[3:?L4X'-;D+5!2PPZ\.N(5A=1$UUAB(B&5C

P9#0J`+X-)Q!


MC$SK*-S[-)4W1)+)+5!.-@ZG*!60_G^!F[7
[`\&/P)149NI$%@!B3SK3+!5







M_A=A(`W27];
6=8OB9CEK
YRG`+Q97G1X;&['CRLY31#EJ^9%SGKUL(L9XNU

M#7P.IUIZ&JM//MN*(.)#L'U.E'$=H%R#VMHY&QPY#$(^&:*MP#R'\F;KVKNX
MKOP@\5
63IA


M=Q&0U



M
4^Y8QRN-)VH
3Y8SFF5%^&%
Q5'UN`J'#Q8Q#C/ATJ/
NN9M((MJPS2-4'5
ME#`$\LS0I%D(J&%C5
L%M^4X0YL&).

*9MCCC-)9JB#37
M'\VLG.N/N/Z(ZX_8F;NB

W2





(!W
MB=@L#G9L'D+KBY(


'#@_;L0:8ZUJ2.B677//'P-JZ::(*M$U=+?MIB@K$9
M[[XZ&N`













NYL




M@$0.=9#EK5);U)GOLOYPZ'JE?!SF.MZCWO!T?Q&%5M*\*B%Y5I4^F*\9,
MI4NH:^)T05$%D*@$)4?Z0X4NF8&:PH75Q_I?G]6-8XJP8&%9KI6BVK!:(&O
M5&G-DD=UO%BJ$F

E7D2Q$&P989D<[&O&45JJYL#+XVKCRCQ
M?='Y5<X,+$;=K4?=%XT),^HRZCX!=1^;0,R*PKK5U-:KH5R%Z]A_^G.2U?HJ
M5=V

BY]Y)BKO$IKHW(
M;FI



MLW'@?:!V%=A-BU,-.AM?!.F4UU%=&S=UHO*K80:*U%QI^J#
@JI[&CQW\'
M]FZEO5L]A)ZFF-)D1N'[:4&SMCUQ?8VCOM4(\#FP/(G9]DZZ)[L[FA:A[PB.
M1XX'2&\$CO


IT1S$8[RS`+\#947%N-/I]I
2ZJ.%?<!&U,Q=/$NI1Z6'$S5JF/Y%^L,+QB*=U,^SI<1Q5:2A'L@]@OT`
M=OR[$D``D\#A0$10PH\+KS1<A*Y3$85!P0@`8S'U_B4I\B:K@L0S@G\*8I\
MG*0A#6;VWA8IG*Y=NT#
:3J-K%G/.!PZ400$F!T4?JG(T!!K343Z)\`1.%-]


MG(F?JLGK$?8F0JPR$]YM[DFB/2A2I=.1G:]T`Y+X2I0C^@*?D\!_YTBHK2()
M]#74GI&`AM(7(';%+6ICL
%I`BPE1^W!3G\$Z&2H&\#72LB`E%+2'\%T8M

@HS.M&QO92^J+N=`FS!/UOIA


`3J$NT9A[G#/9]UC






MJ/A&*LF32Z9'^$UIE`HOE*ZBTFT+T8K,;ARL].A)\97:FE;B!!QZ9GHF4+
MCP-51C\2O7[%!``^MV6XY&OI/\2G^/#;Q$.?73@*%?P$?IEE!J7A_X9R+*(1
4.W


M/)US9E$N@D:_
/



OI%,ZF/_\/`8Y?1BD':\S\44A<@$$#L

M]:)!)I7'0;W^^ZP\!^.T)S$Y`P.@9$!WO$UX.6G)VH%*1).5/@H;:V`EQ10U

%@)WIS0#:P]*L





MI$`$+D;[&04.V
)4N%1Y\;5YE8F15-]*

MP2B]57MPS'[J$$435Y3.'$QM'=):=!%G9U`&WV+H)S6N8O!.AEB\LE@!Z5
MX'7UN^C:(

MN[.S'&L$*Z+2W386CGH$$/=99:ZT_8.NZZSKVMJPYJ%Z]KT!GJ2\@VV6#WX
M`)Q*.SB'.KYA^1-06EBE'CIX&,[QCH


M\E29[AT=\T]3O2^=[M!BA
2P'6CAF(HPEA.LV38N


H:HOA-A6Z@G\;%%!$N
&&=%BH#Q*0NKEN;O$ET
M$J!)33CTFA`0UZBS.)/;]*[=E$HXI$IKA1<7%)DDMI\KI4$E^H@9IW./J9`

UB16P\:`9'3K[Z37_$)?&-_W)38C



L5[;/AG;;T=%`)0C-=



[T:O\`GI8YOT*!/`I

ML'/0[N^LWS_Y\=[37:6+&NST4;W.'MKJLS:F=(!)Q92K8(ERR:@$*&#5?TA_











;!


MXSXFM=%VUQ^T++&S;L/:[.7]O0^7V
@PE=IQDID+%&

M\R$H+'*OOT=QDK(D3_5VUHUX0^K07$P*91XF*RSZ0JU:=?.#*\'*5E8*LEI
MU_FBO$-F/(UE@.N:?G@_=@%4NBTV7(.;\:EU\\7JL#
%
6Y3X[!68VCU-%RI


$
M!$Q4UQ^RB)6&X=/]NK^AB+W?/E]A`0&HB*J#./;-SFQ


M_(P



/OV_1]

]:Y6?[YW/^SJ





?]K#BL&]'\I];@(A=MASSEQF
M=[E
KWO*/(9Y#/

0MB%L0LZ`DL
MJ'\^Z



MBV



M
%4P53!5

8$Q@3


M:85IA=



V&N3)@NIW\S83)A
F&Z4F?[1PT@S5W0@YELF6R=8=UI
MGS5=%JA


M%%!II


M]QS.LWN2&Z`%2

\A<A[D.
R[:Q6U\TR'DQ&7PO!=DDIXK.<7:2IC_\[+4Q%GD2J.Y!%@JWI#

6$];.$19++B8P)K!UFV3.O+8[

8$Q@3&!
8$QGHCIUML




T



8P)K7)+#!D;MADDQ93%E
64Q9G&GQ1!^-Z5ZQ+[]-



6=CSM9
SM8_ZS=U#$P+\(PY&W


M)Z.85)A4MIA4SMQE;VR+7L;4L+/4P`W(FJ8*A;:'LZ\F;N@4+6^&]/Z8/A;
MG$IX\)\R\'#$E6Z4[('!'\`M-V#[4Q/E+$^+M=G^VU)TR_TB.,VCD0)N6PAL
MX*[`D`F+8L)BR47$Q@3&!
8$Q@36+L)C%7#U0FK+9D.[K#CTTP_::QLM/P;
M.S_=NV7$SG$!C@MP7&-(II@:FAY=3`
H*I@JFJ8*I@JF-:?=&VUOI2)
MCSA:&BLBXD/G)XF69[*/$PE#;
RG9377#*Q+:X[]HVS;[R14HP)C`F



MQRUBE8W3
Y@_
G9^Y]$P\W21F_E#
M+@!FZ^W_J:+/%]&D8;

R

)`*HI0?`UQ@'TTD^[@^8QBY57?]P]:AX_677U



M\WK0-RS8$14[M&19L`?Z-#@$1$@6)09A1=.4P+HX?7))(R)Y@6ZMC\$)`M


M2?\`1Z:5Z=NQQ'
M\(Y^P@F#\37\95__#%!WJ



M;%T&/]MKB5$CCN;?7%F1C[%;[[-39U8.@N$ZC-4B19$GY@L5QZ-OE+':.P1H

3WO'AW]YI.&L;^QM^KZ-
MOW#3]_5;LM#^XU#&0:\=3H1A^
W7QNVQI@^=+<WE3]5X!U7?[/
@(

MJ1)T


SG;6;W8II

M9A'
(IK-(IJKG[XWZJAN/]7!\MLFN:W0?.O5U:.EG@3-UGNW.+AGT[D(3'




FDZ-.;Z[`9M
MB!7(E
`EHK<(@#QQ8:)W!

1.R%N9RX
MZ['_\JCZXC2^LK1Y&:'RXO!A_&'\8?QA^+1'?=B5?
R/:9BD7B;3F]754JF
M#]H#IXZTD7(;GV+H+A+S$%JUH0UVWV$-?M-/'N_CY%+F,\QG6MWYK?$GSWRF
MH7RF08!;-_YEQ70)+&!+/T9A+`^T@[77/_R+]9C3::Y2RWI*_X8'O9C7M/76
M#:;7C\O1!J*:.4!XFQ;/\EW]=RRE:?`\H5;#1QOKH/6D[(_FT*'3&]
;P[H


MQZ503+1
M`X4ZT'WE(F6B;;)1

3P8:?KT]
(-MNEB^V91G6X678:K?!.;*[U
MS7




5XQ7C&L6@&KMG=?=D,8797-X:HV=GSI:UNJO/


1/RCMPP0BZS?

MSP$PEAE@83*9)K&
\PQM_8L/E^\]D4KTT1%(`/XP\O'ZK(B+_N*HVM@D].




WFQN*'U!^D88@P3(7P_ZCKV-'XH4X:2!
M)0PF



MU[N((O4@I&\1W]7WD*=`0H`.@$&9-Q8WV/A7QIZ


M\49I


M
WPERS^


ML8T=L(^L`!8`O&


M#`IX+2(N%)4`/T7$[6J7,K(\X%1=._:3!
X#_TRU2`AJ`_`M'#
Y.:6I$L





M@

W#UY60HT\HG




H]9Y9U2=^8*]EU-U^D]5=5YFQ
;+=BT^/7)8;
E#EMGT9N(J[SL[.G58
/-HM;@]JGOTV-EFW-9HE3)J]=):_6

ML-D_L6TT]EH
-Q-:0Y=;I
M]7I=9PWNVCT]C^W'-LC672'
_NF1NX2TW29



HKTXG[:

MXXP4()''T







M-!F-W#(M3\`M

M+L@89
0!RH0EAF@@

A5^CNM.


G9*;]`IW=\RI[2E)N;C

HTD


Q0@8Y
M*3IV/ID4_EBM)!3XQ4CB:2B9A^\KGUY[3F*0(N%P'+#;.Q##HDPH(;Q&$5



3GS+()^



0U3*P`'USLG[T$!PY$!S

[^^QN!L+NTX.D4WW)D/
M`^=2-W
J)XE

C$MSU9
M*J-PFB:^E$&F$GXZ8
Z/$GB*_#:5

M9:C'C:3V66!$2B4+N-N%ZYQ$A_ZMH^[)&N.W@$J$
5357&(4NF`RSU?1$7(`


ME8-ZM)7V5XL$3D3Z%92
-







MUB/
$6EZA\??EN

P=


-S6Z%)MM@]J*9H-B/-J=V*V
MP8?9YDSX=MXE%1?L2+3QJ



X/7?N

9*Y%M
M7=2L@!0LRZ+^E'P1L9)ZNQD#KM'YTTK4#PZ[3K*-P[$'=?7L50J734NG%

M4REBZOE):KZ?)EEVH*8^=/2GRO^






ML#BXBIJ'EHUVTI/CHHCSCK=W69K
RG-]F5#75I3;HL@JO+2VEBG^03?V2X
MY6S+

MY=1:,%X&9-*MT2]&MZ5'8DH$1C^P9HY&D]44/,MBNN,HN0V4_VS[6([S]

M.M!_**\7CNEG6_Q^@O&4(U#F8K4']^9L5-VJ371H(5*?F]&$]L0R]6%5&+


MQ@!ES`KW



M_EOWS*4LV42$G^V'QDDZ$=$\X5597X_)
[.!
IM7-K-RE3G6.X0]J93'`Q]@

MEWBG^+@Y3
/5I]\\TC:\_SZD_]6#\_T9GF]_UD^POTH)9?NK)!M:]&!AD4^M
M


M'EUG#1R)-9YFR/5U@IZ0XA1_D!Z)NL]K/?@?;W.1;8LL[#.L_*'`9'C[/2
M\\*1O7K.S&#ZS0N2`K/]GI



$O]*0^:G2IO


MU@C[3






`P(-+(<\_H7_#Y(+7K*OFYW(
/<O21+<?:^H#M=%F*G8K'KS@6&\H&QE%5\PE6L$ETB
M(I&*#Y0Z4
65@-0U_LR!F9H]H'

M02_


MY`3/M$88
B2E8Q%\.\=BAQT:@K*!4%WJ:1
A





:<EYBOCL&1XB!G$S.#N6.8E,#1`ZVI,^1QEGY;.F0)4-Y(?!5F_
M=8T\D






M;+^7_.2SKT%7FXEMJ/UEI:-C_G9D:?6;A:U2T/W*6:-M$%`G=
2IU'#D-^D7


M`LF:`Q+Z)`YDI-1W]
A-IY&2I+]^_/4S`F@R)=%;SB4:AY'2
5/FJFY![(


`-PAP
I!1L$DDB
M&D7'-$UNPLSHG5_1RK1R8EK+7-WEM$6HNV(T`4)N0`]&9B!NL[+G24XDFW

Y/R!;$
1:*&;90;1R4?





M.MK=#,HKZ4C(4^L

/`T_$'Z]P5TR&BN/AP^5[GF*+DB3#P3H@Y548]5C1
MY#UK5?E6F:5/_R.YE:!=KQPY-V/[V(%``R5ZBU1%(QF85'IK7DX
0P3MX_*
M=!C/Q



`SC
@J`5MHCVJZ9PB^KF*T%JINS\H

KZ-XUOQEE(M]YG^J5
A?^OXM0[?W96]_4?$7O%]^5Z^
M5C
M:=B

MGX&*




ZNFZSW?S;$9?G-1*ASZ
M9/]9Q%*SGXJU.]MD28'L(1$VPV($F5EV*]8&::1\C,8\)0Q-`&4$[%,BN^





]]*EL@*@

M$T5ODDE5`XLG\&1I:Y89EN](@#4J;GR+G:R4CX2A64_Z8


2
M_WU7M?U65P?`
\?]8?+2DGYELG:1ZXP*

Q][U6B*05%+E3OM+4)
MXTTD3Z-.4*3U=$%.&I2LD%5PAR2M0UWW&S#/KVR[\HGM`L^([MO<33FJI3:
M1_.

M#*J
$%/TF8$5+^#.J
BTY`+]S%-!OI_?O_GPB1[741;QT$H6B


M_E3%'2U+I=@[K

M



M=!-JV&$EMY-=7Z:^ZP[

MPKSV[#)U`HG9JO
JW9)`URB\.^A8U#5').15!M1SY7PUJ6&IR-^N8OM+:H5V
M:;J4M-WO\?M



M[KE;&)B\Z45Z!Z:P+
RB[E!^YDS*N&ZQ4CF)P
2PDNK-((PZLI3H@Q`CS*'L








_1#+ZC=-.]+D


6UCPDLWTNZBS
M?\U3JC;[]4/3_







M@?7]%B?




M2!E]A


QYF+
Q9B+L1+&[(O9%[
O9E^LA+VX


+]A


'=C
M[L8=
E]:9V
NQER
Q1/Q&OYXDXT'_WN]2W'3`_O!'44LZ'-Z3SS-U/_PE`R\H
M4C@



HO_
'**7PX]W0+VPEH-`


)+(I4U0;S0K^XRLS

M05O&R6P&H(_+%`$^UJ@TD=:T.43`;?W0CT?HLT[REA@;[\7&I=U^UP2W%L**
M0Q(KXM+&&=L\(%=W
+\T'[S(

M;./0MF'
LCVZY;LRU-`L5&TU-C8``YE/[BKR-8P5MIS;+;-D2B@?W6LWSA6&
M#D?R:#VEQR]KXE1AW`P
?7?=G[7__,C.?N]^SHJ#N?J+SCS6G9?[1AVF\J?_R0PT]Z+$CN<RP
MX+2*IB)1
U!FUP0(]SAG#M`4#M!4


M`MX`):UENECOO'O

M-^=(Z$LSN_N]YP\T1]@6[WJOW^TYP[JGPFQ;%!

MBX)U!UIW72(\KWW09JRJ]3&U+TDN(KM_[
.M@=@MMAGCE.'#\-FHU[X9:M:N



M^_'!@)+IRZLC;I9K/:7&ZPX!&^@I80P\7'VV7Q
GZ41$-9SJX37E@PGDGB^C
M2%_ST][A'GT&M/'-YP6`^A).P(S]5=YZGY*)F!
?$Y&-:L6*8H\,5\H/*=O
M;L,@'\/5``B-T(LD9AF\K7YX\=9!*W6O=[T#M9:..OX*@Q?RTUS_YRX/T







7FZ*FS(F[A0)

DVR

M8M-%EQ!\P6Z+O9Z#EAO


].7
XNVA:ER





M(-A0(@I7@S4'[5BJ;:]4X^9R+-R:P64:!#6NCF.$9+&WS6)OO^\@_X.K!+E*

M+

DQO5;%K4G5'Z+)X8@

`?@^]I9`-O\F




M)1DF:(UH@VUE.W\S:1C.6&U+O*
-Y9:KR['UX^S/Z'W0KH46\

DW7/7=8]
MF\P^P6YOL&;7`O89QG


ME
ME@



0
=[
&X[;HLTU


MZ
Y?GP+$*+2KW'CEEKG



8+C
M




C0SS99&

7Y@=0+6+RY8A&O+

M#AU




92S+V*U`2I:Q+&/9:FW8U)-MJVE_EZ02'EM-
M%QXII]R32A3ZRP)93X7:(V)2KNFL?]8]=T5@VT(J'-3=L#AO*M?8P*0\QJ4M



J9JIB5
RMO#M+M%BO?9#1T

0;B]?;`[46`AO/;*Q$&8AW$;W'POCY5[#
MAH_DG4%I&I]KHWVOG



:IXA-\

0[I
MC

M_+F








MPIB%





ED?=!QCB3-/%?
=
75426R#O3[@]Z49CWUO%<?O

L-EAML\7-I*AKL&:W$WC4+V
VR:<E$PGR648CY[&;
OFW17KGT

M\IGE
[-
EL\LG]N%;R?63ZWPR?(0W!7=34N'X*[ZIS:&:RCF;(V9O;*P;1+
M6FV?+SM1*378:P6*8H\

M@/N$QL8\`7<SJNUBZ,],P(UE#O_`AWP!\]C<-<&]_D)`HL4OX5-_!==6!L&







1CU_IG`1CIB9IC+#^L7`NY54.IAB$5Z<
\OB.=POP\(:RUHC$HX8B


M/7`BX(2+B1?)^#H?X['GX41ZJ/UXM^/0A_L36)K(B#A2$6?IT=X(M6X'[0'
MV&'F9J&#[J$;!,8^97


U6DWZ&E[<P2?3WV7R622!&'NN`%3@Z#7.-[5%LM



`US*



M'S

MB\BE-1LLK3%___6'(CNX%F+ZVLK@OHB#=R)
_T]$A?PVWN#-O3?_NL__^.O
MR[^)#S[\K+,4





M-RU26`QLAM+]98!KPC7Z\/9R*UT/=D\YH;B^I`8$?&@:9E_U!B=P6?70)(Y@

7481_P2L\5XQAQ+&+/!1;$Y!9ZQZ%EE9)`.%M#ZYV)ZZBC71IT10C



M6A^2$.G64/RLJ94;3.X9FD-@M
$#B#F^'=Z4$2*BT=$B1V(FBR-#(N%[)`HL

M#0N!Q`/^#7UXC+I&T)N0SH\TDGL1:IEYQ-=FKXKP$UX`5HL


M2Q9.5]
\6EZ&[Y!O;`1L1W&

M:$!J#63!#9Q

'1()9
)


M^12?DA`P



MV1[IQE\F-\$



;@'C6M+ZA?W@&)+8!<-J7ERU+GVS\
MZ./A503G3Y[P

MD.4...35#KQ[
1MPP`$'O9H^L

H

M@X$+%7&MPK\^#`$M%`R4R3!&9]Q)H:N!SK
+7Z.M#^BE@KX2S&87=V:DQCKX

5

$1CX4XV^+_:=85K#H5=\324AM0[UGJ*FL!/K.`.

M!'HT1(V
VA5

M(&3-K9B%.=NN038.!2G)A)L)1^)^&NY)IY;EPA1%H:.[XZG`+7BJQ@J/G.&C
&/=<QIG0#E2PG%11PY$2&

Q!P?(
.9ZV?%





IPHL4XX&$?R6@#5%E*8T!^@L3G=1+


M653B&38FR$=2]7E5G;FF5U$QU'*FVKK;X!)

MZ/5!^N$
$,TE^$$<SWP-AO3)6CT+JYN
M,$;.(4'7S1)J(0KR/A88M&K*FHKU-OV/S(%!5F,F[DM6-NJH4%PW3R[:X



$^
Y


&?S_3U:_U:+W+2Q].H?E8R[.ZA!T




;7#;M)-5




ME_F#OY`G6




MJS%$




MHP\'':3J\T)E7G/59+$I''919DEA26%49EX[(5ZK!2HS%+-X
!0SKYTVKRU#
ML67&&.4P0@T*K54\;)4OO=:@?AKS.-?T776UY*)L)F#UYT6ZA
J**+_69S4I
MN\+5+Z=MJSD\09K53
E7AW#E




MJG[$AZ0=&NF;AT+3QB=D?6`890^+5
-FMW2D$G=WH;S#`K]+AA+:28A/01)'
M
4P;T4G$I]
F^9`KN4




D-RA^

^P2)QMQ6
M06[K-0<G2+%ZL=H^]-E([*,G-H0.QA3/4&C/4E!+&=2Q/K-\N&\*F5V\;Z=

?-3O&4)AYIVKT*9-W3H$^


M
:M5D-6^Z?6:72Y



6PC6
MC`N^Z0Z:+:-C/R@[?-

MEG&L21C

MA*O!_/T;&3
(U85PB2.=Q%;
2?P*WT=2\VN.7?'9`?P66N)!A(Y)_ATU.W5E
MWZ%AE7-8C=DS;JL4%&;-?0SJ^4P^A1W
9B`



MPKQ?ZQ6EC9UBR_5R^1'
K1.D6;TPKD*$*YO9AB=(
V:V2C);K]E:ZV'NP(3L

//LR3VMKYN%28+N=


M7QWD'XM(G6$5UM\R#
!*2^;PZ;?FYZ;U)90B2L)'*Y)V$N*V+&4@64*])'9G




/R$J&

M^T&?3\*S%;Z.L[I\\/W\#KY7CAVKQH+5/N?))]V9`:O`@%N?=.=M\U
]:%R=
M4%NK.327!50AJM4

5'-'FSZ07
L\
133;)

M?(!I#\W;-NE\

MIV*C2$5_&
\$





QD=4\UM



-XPWAS+QYU6ENG93S8H(L9*8\$AGGEW(]P--R]*XRQRY/^U_
MA`M.G87[^C

&'9


MT!AF
I[BLGPIM


M8B['@#)U8+
.)^0.=R[S9(Y?]MN]0QY1KP

7]OO$0S-[1$P
M?C%^
7XQ?AT0OWJ]+MM?%?!$*Q3Y*9.VOR_72]!5$K#'U9AJ
+S_])F#0D\&
MA4:]YB6'A3CBRA'7

MF$
AI;)=)3(63Q6LF7^8?YA_*G`H;3NKJ#NHNPK\O%(G415`9$OSZ730(=N9
M[


MC62VQAKS7
2RU]RZ;#:+)8LEB^5AQ+)]@%RPLQ!+3A33[1O]%QU_7Q2[KW!F

M*[]M;NZ$\W.\6(?2K)WFD

MGK$NQY5?^N


MRUA&PL$P0+Q`D*!&=='FI?NI)^9U2+KA9-:C(.A!8NJU8!J.@YU#'*P6
MK





=?@N1;VG+Q3'FW/(;O'8%Q^;W+6@NTXV%;1
M8!M#)$-DN3L*Y@Z@


M#N

XPSC#.







MRLP6N%R;&+9%C)/&\OU%O_OMLU9&T:31-[9[^]YXZ/MXH!STSNZCC\J@@KEY
MCHE\S]%S75\+=O[J=DK)^:`V8*`

MKD$]N=$X,<O-/2Z#%Y\A[;&Y\Q:,_ME8A@O=ML-J]-J&]MFY3@9
^`^#&CL
MS,S(#/@3@S8N20&[+:/HZ:?LYDK+U)^.JC;\%-'AZV?5TJEU4HC['
&#R%









\`I.]E&K1S








?A`%'F4NM(C0BFI)]*=-/OYR((&Q0$KA&:WG**(-
RFG.R


2:W/4R%B
+5#&YV0:

XC\(2!\@KZ@%8P]]RX55#U]4+^S($&LP&`$3=JA/TE+XM2+L)%'


T//U4

M#!N6+4
ZSZW/;X-X*B
DE)



YD;%1S!:\9S3R1W5#5'G)#JJ#R_[
-4:_3')9.L%KP#4<SB$24`M69`C;`<*&HR%#&(<8


U75T3<U


M[

MW;TWG_-9]5R12M1MJ$S


P3!)^W'3\R!@3E7*ZLP[QC\,=XCP2Q<HH@-@=C<QYM<^?U:P#'Y5M0;A


1%FP)HPH+'.2LR`S(#[
.#6

MK9[!LW^UYAN.?9U#[*L6K








2R<?
3V.=VMY
MMY:ST-+[.#.$
T
8:S@+C;&&L8:QYE2QAK/0=L$:`P[^\KYZ[9RKGVZN;RQI


XKN%1)?\0OM^I



)?










MCB&4#=6M._03/0Z3;406,?UT^_@;C`2[J;(#S[Q@Y_-J9%:8*$$SD9]:(%Z
M]P-@%A\VYW33


`N(V)*(?)




M*6@E&Q@
9XZ0W=`/?U27H+B.4ZA1
YV`06O9X$
`#J3;_E$4@+CB
V@
MIBC




M-65PSF0\#4@:4$TF/FD+9&ZEQ?++C*A08VS^72H6``
I&'ONG:(SU6('VH5D








M!I
9X<G-=UW9DI;EK<IB96D)-`#*77V/N]OOVQ
MN'-1V+3(_-S3@3QSSZ;$1@B:6#IKR@1*K`N_'4A]X9%?=$$<CI\BR9;NE=2
M'!Z%3=PPB\GYN(#F*`@-H&#W9];G3*':A6C%*'HU0(P


MI
`Z^7UJNXI@3BDY)X`;
%`:BS]52IEG`=&\++A;W+M%'UICCQH:VY[EV)YK
M`LL@$!B0
#O1P
MH*<RC87Z
J6-1M]DL-]901W:&E.<?H3JE.UR]@.EL

_24$@PS3]67FY*N2+15![URT,)JQSX),/M
M-1]]KDN'LG]K_D]3+;2<)^!?V[B6']'`\!TUXYGX(P@IZC<I\_Q;2E@CD]1S
M1,VJPGK*R$E2/UXLO'A,8Z5(81ABIN(B@0/G6ECEIC)WGI.*7'0P6'U(&B;$
MJZ)%/!+G-$A-S*H*!'2?\!\84JD@1\R^^VU4AD83[$I6PKCBP$\E0[`D676
M`C+$XBL9;CKLRSS/L'D



1`B)D@R^Y]LP!?O$1O!+P;*)D_$8E

ZJ3=SE+56RGDVA/X\DRT
M)_BMDJD^8/%%CT]TQ0E
]R7^%OOBNJM`#K9Y*HC&SK[8$6?H5]CO5HDR6_@

-4+LFRP3O0UWU^T+NAS-!=V
M^GD-Q;^X
Z`3'C_Z-9B)E3)?`$SQ].WE97/4Z@U&P_ZW[\88EPVQIJLGYI%\





XPSC#.




M6
D$!#R*)HEG87%'J2MS$@UR=4]BX!Y=NV



M9@2K1&0YH_$MQ?+D+:?71!3K9X`L%?W
M.KI9J5SMM9KU.RT(R?J*9/\MP#+*2NRK4E#4




MH=!]6+702*M+H3I1L])2L=QR.

YR?ZL0-X:+EJ::+D2/P





M)O$E[[]*S_HQN

M#72EX0*0H3)ZR/7
VLY*^H$#
ML6ENA1NVU1SCF/UH!/8=/#EP];


MHD(

V
MJ#?KG-2:+W.!KY2#=`Q1X=$]AND6KO5BC1:5Q5=DBG/Y2'F3@TYA%?&O8M
MR!3-=2L#_9;
)R$^*=MYTH(X!M]RXBIE.I8+U;MHIXH$6(1V%Z;5F@58[
;-






/]RD#SH[
^IZ[2&F6P4*-I?ZZHO#;;

)0!6+JRRY)^BDT?CIVA2I#K#
MQJIWXQM;1%-<&<R8,]6=44VRW^R951BIL_B8ZC0F)OT#0W`B5!,WT#B;%J
M'FCNSTFFF?FV3M(6(TL5I3EN]*$
9






I^6OUD\



K+Y%M:1

+\


%MO\K)



\2O3!



M4MHE'[%Q_0G@

T%.6@_8%^P[K(P:*9

M8]W3)$(EXT:6U@_



9:#V*





3&[I
$OZ\4AIK


VIBV%(B6TK6VT
M!FWC_F'%^8`C+C6TE&K!68PPJY9/O]5L
[Y4)?I4=\

M&@5N-_K#47-4NO=1%2;A&$D=]EI.2+RZO4%SM;0LBU=I_ON);**4K


GG3
=.TRSZ4B5KJ*
M`YN.3TIAM]EGNY'=LNIHN1.2K=8!-EQ/1;9X3_7=+[H]LZHW5!4+\J@B-&RT
MAY?F7*ZJK#1[5=71-S64B=[0H&8Y%9E@WVB'8!\5)MQ9S^R0FK]F=Y3S$\NC
M[3DD
)K-P=Z;HK7@//9T*YIZQC)*%FC-&]&R2U-SN^H.C:ZW-_Y^9EH`BM

J

M:^B%-0G35LXHY+*QIUPVMKKLQF4ZN4XL
]C=9]=


M@6DOL9;F^];[=NPKG[?`&P(=AXP_[N$U2\LFV89(S:=`X&F/UH24_:J'BY
MP
K35G*_V2K=1*X*E[![6@-EQK)UEK)5DYS!

5
KISCK$/PYW

M[W2R.

Z1CH55`J;`QR(
:=/F



8Z*S$#





M(DP0GKB[%#8]G.-8BY
/E?`JZW%RIMMHMWH&S_[5FF\X]G4.L:]:L)#VYU
M.8?#`T3-:L$W#&$


-8P
Q$&Y^5EQ<=^OBNH6C_MPR<G5UDUK?4ZD`I.





MA1&WVU!
8@N4R)_BCGJ)XR^_-3\WB1%67^7Z$RR.2\^)'B

`






\0V!^T#2+8<V2K!1=Q_*IT0X'QB_'+5K'I<$
*\8OQB_&+\:O`^)7V^01
M0L:OHINYN=K]P0;&I?0W;J%P*?V#E=+'\M4F)3MDEENA5]I.?.7
IL$IZG
MLIO6[:ZY

M!=1G



[0)?#@[`_083B#%Q,=Y$`447^Q?II)+MV8^3A9$9$:K.K*2
M&*CT-UX9C
9TMBLF0C_I#-`ZHQZ`\46F

M8/`M06B!BGPS!]
=R[)CRJ4=2KC4MWH3TR1#$0\-('-YXJ%L`!RW`N0EJR

_H(JR=B[
41P'/A@5'^AID4$8BP8LMQRAVXWO'C7#4@

M@/3]`E([275BFO:
%Q:@-\R&[%C8I^
N'=XD#&9JW-
0Y-B3]]*+TNSJW(0S

M&-O&[C!P`?Z0$R#+`12M



MM'['I87Q!?/





`LE7ZQV6+)2+#*'#E2IH9KMY]X'XEO:Q[*

MT_H5S$X_43%4^14W6N2FQX
W&V*SU


MOX$YAL`'[Y


M3A.`._J6TM%W\



L\K+2Z9PK/WTY:4S;`Y-
4I5.+]L
MHY8%XH0%XI7!







M7X9WKHQ4UV;]$
T2V3#U.-8_\4%$EA_$NN






V
M-QJV#/;*/?6\.18N%J[C^A




M7#52-C2W#`E]%PN@R[KK#S:P'-$\UY=OIJKQ8[O3^G:9H=O+V\+T!9':]0%$
MX[==Y'FC(:*IM:!!T`-[[2(6M8\E!%5)W9D+%POLH*)%22AY2Z7&A8`6X#


@FRGG]?
_XL[DY'ULWRP?@UF8D57/[A./(4_84X:/V!M/#&/





M*

MC!BC3[A897=HKK)6



YG9@YCCF..8XYCCF.0[9\9&(K
YA[S[&3O4-EVMZHTS269U05C.!`


18?W'B][XTY

&2






^'Z*`Q&ENB;7O
R[?5JY(&8&;X0V'OA
M)7(Q=.KV;J4)6\\8`PGOS)4[8.6[$
X()@`FL.JZ1@('N8H9FWFGVC4V]:
MGZ4T
[B?8?96OV%=?/3O9103KUZ861\0$FN2A)@SD_(T$*!98[UQ+5`J`W\#




#LRGKJ^-1/AGS(&3&U8

M:\^VJ(Q\=:[%@27''^%J8'X_`?E8G


M0CH+@#SJE%4

`4#UTI*<4GK4PKG3_-

MK]D*_48KA


Y5@\KW/`FZ`)XT$W88P&SP8+2-(*X.

M!P]XF+KVU)H*\'/&$D8I'*!(M'@ETO%1TQ7##Z#%'@!V8BX&G#YHR($?$(A
MG'@@F:GU(_R*X*Z*IDAR4.T!6!!%;G5:(AV47KT7(O@'$PX%T49IC%!9V1


MY1)7?%(.L38)81*?DQD



M?9Z$\P#=\[PUMZJ.:FW7+)H#O/F1;
J/N0(+-39L/OH5LVL:VH1W44*?-.77


0B3O$3$S

Q)U
PXFN/PG!
MP0D3FTJK:
37S[#R-#DQGE=!Y&_,+_!Y4&C4;D]U5\:M-.3U-Y5N5.FV*
M0Q5$B(7+J4E`E_X#@\C!'\IO`V=PBM1]`(WUNU0^'_@FWN/?.MP_#S*Z&H6
MMS






M4[C(:=0ZR*PJ'$P)%JC-ONVJMYE?JKH5_N/EL@L\26[
B9TXGZ`3D-.Q./




M$Q&03]S#JR.]08D#C&JG$NK%=GGD*5=?=1J#MNDS.$KR#R'T-T$01M:/*'LF

$^X1?I




M(;[#'6=B?.F\$?!0W
0F@XXLV3FRQ@*D-:TPC(=9EWE::2A#J^]#D#L/HU
@
IR:G$'[7KE:Y3
MMJ-'H(@<


M.

+)]&I9LHDSX-#E$21H+8C.OEN'8^%T.!1--Z_U7
_@<J/^(H,3^&-N1,;@M)0Z#4YO\)IM
R

M[@

M`UWD7Y(!HM]


/QM01IT86FK\2=BS&%Z:95W!!Z\$^5U*FLW50!Z4-B
MH

*LM

M*F
`5^HB($N964MFKBH;1&9^EE

DXZU(MG46!C

`F:H7W&&(^!
M/8
4Z8AWVX1;$G
PC
G@!!A.RT\9KK9PV;`N;H+9S%6UZ=3.$^E46*[2ZR@\




M2I\X]9[(6EQS:H5^-UD*$$5^`?(HKUM@ON7J&L2E]%II!.LQ4_RPIP/T7C
MRP

M$JK3#RHRG%*U0


5/

M^WR_.1K
]Q?]UK?/-FHJ=H/2-[;WO:]WZ!?R!&LYP?-N+KO!:-BGV]]B_.V+
MIZFG42G54_.O6

3I%ACA*C_0@XVDB_#ZO=I;8E9.W9
MT3@Q7\:


-`KGU

M\6??D;Q&.%

0
GW
MS;G0+#`L,<O










0P]#CUF*#


MM#W]DZR#2X

P_X]ADB&2(9(ADB&R$U[



M0NL1J-N@SZ'TZ
Y@8B6^#:(@X!GX%AU=BSA._#_EIC/P^`K#V6ULIB[`5]


@I

MZF:;)I=[IZR;!

M7;^X
Z#1S_+!^C68B15#[



P
F6Y#&=Y\H(J<$S!GN)8E7X




MRJ=5LUJ08*DT:H0-93P@`4H;W!P`O=(#6.
D@@6-(BP!M=P#QPOLI]J.J'8U


MF
-OL`D6#`U^OOIT944RCCW5&

ACF3RL"ZT@7K/Q/LE*4D'S[MKB@K):;:L$%GV4X=@6M
M5'J?LRY=T`K4F!PYD6&(_<VB


MN'X
M[N([/A;0)`B`$Y0]R0A/#Q28\('7=E_):YBP`8:5@M6*3`IL9XKQJ[G
MQH\H'V8POCMJ=DTW&U2Z*4`H78+J3M/Z72I]CA`
SJ3F0Y@O*XV?NRD)G1*
ME2A%E'6G6MJ:(LYZ`\/S)`H@@]A^`@R_!1RV7LEY1J^`%ZJF1O?W`H:*
M+_@#M$[DN+9AAHC
VI`U;Z/=)D5)3

M^K1'NB]



5US93C/7/+8NXK?
M70N/#E!$4REC/!TCPWOM8`ETO(172LBP=F+7-MC5HIKSSY6=114[02BPRX6



59_
V@OQQ@.])O40NQ)L(CE[C/9
M:^;418OWT)[:0\L%DPQ'+8T6O*M%)-18
FBPMVIZV+</T'^EOWW6%S<#RU8*+.#91I=@$XQ?CUQ
D&PW-G99G^%JR

MB\C'??L


MUE@Y


MY/GXN[DO:=NR+&/Q#[2#G3J\ZXQ^T@[T+TQEFUDYQVRUQXH2JKRQY1=71
M_01B8*[2ZJD(!'M$3Q#W_X27J(/6P@

Z!+6H4GW(
QY@;[IT?<_@PN!X-+I-+<N+LK@4G)DHNXFT
;:E[F]



1K0''%0[I^M1=63USYBJ7=GQ
6[D6

9&42C.O``.YJEZW0&%P87BE
U6I=]@W66Z\`%5?;;ZVX)_2QC

DM_4P9=:)![L3]JS`(
:R7WEC!`6;Q;O







.6HRO#B6(RM\$D&

M3.#.$1D:EIK1WS(

KD
Z_H[G*#+NJFZ=D




U57C`9QF.74&3O@D#H(9H(%H\@(6D48/NL(G!

M3B$J@&S\@


]U32
@5[1

*5
!3:&:N



(YZ
MSA5:I7ML1S[[<-NS[:I*('=GJ'EL1EP!U^&D[^8`0_(@%LWO&!8+%D+UU[+
MOOKHI\&DJ-P.KA4Z9%
FO]VF&^WH?E:ZTD#5:UZ8RXY]CO/JD!7;'O2:@](I

)U
M9\L\

EX5

-#M1930TU^SV;'&
M0PU;[NJ;JYU[N*VV7'(K-P)3;B2B%58$9DU6RZLTV'):IJ.G%$
80]A2$
K:4]7Y(:VN^.#&TVT[`SB)Q*XQ^4J7PL/X
M$!68#%27!COP202IDJ:NT6]%4XF=&*@2:UKWQ4KK#372J6!RD5G!ZP.XCW
M:/L-7*7P/Q46G+!Q@(7I?O[Z'OQ5X'L9Q%IML[=!K6!587O+)M9Z<\Z<P

M)9%9&\CF(M+%-E]0)'

CH


M2\H0K]

M[#@&8^WDZU7[TIQAN

U40X
M#W'A:.`35/PLX]A3Q\[9;7I2[OK]`\3[SD


MX=^54Q.\?L+8'G%@D2



9X#AD
M'-)






9

T`:4$HM]-V




V3`S&'%OZ;D-2/LA@$:.

$BC#]O&;5OK@SH.;/


M#8_%N/
I;(M-D\[:=



M
`&O[R

MC3O&F?/&F7;_`)4QJK+T##0


TI
M/
)6Y-W$
J-
U$VA?Y.BPM_VYJ`
2M&Y$


MJD(X8SY'G3++36[G5F4A.6IQ7'W/(%`S$%`L



D#6


S:L9IK\^


M.-;$L:;CLRKCH[E8D]'RV0R0#)`
D
=G509(@TF=)DN@
T!NY[A_%^/IS'77
M'VQ@.:)YKB_?Z`!'N]/Z]AU1T?4!&N.W7=

M/


HZ3<0!#BV4()`1A

(BB-TJ


_=YBEJ




@Q`E@T0
81L


M30!O(Y(]2&2(:
T#8/P1`%

+:D\B'4:0Q/CTUY2UDB
MROA0R5MIV-T)ATL&DDN-L


.2&YQ$O@I?V$C
M6Q(T&*:!YY!U1--38`;


M
%H0H#OB.*(T:*C@P4IHB6;BSW21$*K)LA)T/QB;KNVB$@0F\V78?-I=T7__

GQ/SM1S+3P;J[=2
3[BUN$E?_M_?O+[87E.M]??`ZO7E_V6VUWE^WVJ/N^U&O?S7H
MM;HW[?[@ZK8_ZE^W^Q?_6K)5\D+]Q05DMWZ6#]:O`<QPHP'RK+^3\QI+M6IN
MTVJ@P<(60TDKZ!%D7=B.0.+!$T-QP6?(92TM&
J`&DC7PBH05?;X-,#_A6W3JF<*?T,:Q^1X(&0%9N*+./


FK@/6S
M)


MOEUK]S2:HME(&1N%VL/WPDL4:Y+N4)I(0]89R$0@)8.AIYX.HM@P)-(91W
M(E0*%J$G03

6,7BNBD`FXLP,^I!*]^YJ`AM'0`6-MH*).I73)QOQ+TD12[ZC8[


M$:-



MR#0FO3X8P]TH`1BF@)&#K1\$H)'A)W#8_Q1W*'L8LPG!O5!1#C.AFVZS939T
M`ZO]T@?I[4B]XT@LZZ`E0^1[BUMJAXJ5`9
@J=U92OI*3
_










MGEMW3LZ!I]P+ZH:B3^L]5LCT[7&(=`4;!N9:SIX'`E1/V.NK8^LG+D-S77-8


M'3J6E=0G[PD2UKX?WJN!P6
JVU)M)U^X%IS'@25S1@2#&X.;&9*U1V4U0UY#

7PQ?#ERG;[++5-%:ZB8VSG?S3S1V+\W_O5&HV3\[17%?TW5!Z
MUMHT_W5^LRI

3G#



MW5A;TF\ZG6;7:*

M
B`V)(M73MKB#AL&.PEU]
D:K5A_)4`8U:
EDP7548P8R@PCM9L=LPU'B
^Q
MA\H\#&PIG;1EDW3R70P$E0Y3K/`F^UY\U3W?J1.4:K7FIKW


M9A3.ST$L+51F%[=R'%^8`1!4-Y
D)/








C@U-.R-/


MZ76+Z8#35W5OTI@\J=$-:739H?&/.2;&-_T7$!;7[2IK_5JJ4XRK4Q2+J1Y`

MN7]9G:TXO&_W7#=GN2G[3OW6YW:/\%%()GI79\T!(R=D.RC3YYPH]4G_?G



M#1Y]Y7GKR;

MO




%G

A./FGX9

$$0&FC=N1A84!&2R\M

H/2XW^P824
SG8
RA*=Q8
0;5416:6B2M8\+0=6`!8$G`&VM5EN*OLA4.F!M@_(M!B
8R)P'
6


M6;ME*57X^J3,F%@1^%8\YJ)\$\99PF3&ZV+4/Z5`-$13;5#Y%?;1E%Q$@J
M*3E4H6TOR1MJ3SLH$VGL)B^`


M(%_F*B(6_JWY/\W


MS+
):2%54BQRRMZ18.3@QHJRN8$-


MY_Q#=5;/DT71V[I)#LP


LLR&
MT=K:




FUS[5&JLMSL(U5'[]1.(KKM
M+DL$^TC;T_8#J!:7#J+023/W*_Y=BG8Y'1NNT^H;;%QSZA9<C02MOHKJ=(2K
M.^@WC67(G;QPL7OT[G,PB1]$*-G^P_!9V0NWZ




MK8+E5BIOP6W?#/O@YEVCW6LW5PM&FS;Q:M$.G%VK&NBXLQ'
7F=T@+#&60BF

M9'K]D;FL\O
0&?;PGM@$D_%^^UY/$Z]0A*D+EHX3))C7_I(J3/4VJLP5$7B.
MMB^I
E`&*4LYNG8Y

M;




M]
P



M/AK6


M6]=7V*R:_L*-C/EK6*9'8K^Q)#



D6


MC!&LQ%_!\[`UG%%G]G6NC(9J[






M6-I@V&Y78H?]B
'@]GV_W1WV/MRT!^W+_E5OV%'[$:.KT8?A]1GL1Z3(B
8
M.^2M=+Z71C+61QT
YAM&V0[`&_WYMTMB%C(B%VF#W[./]0/PIGP5FF:/3A6


M*)H9\(`
N'6Q+$;)P^KHVNO@5Q_]-

MPE[/L&^N-F+EUQ[OXS/A%3P3SDAS^DASV3%X*KOJ:_]2I*F]9?UR$EYO3*7?


ON96X35$X[Z

&Q@U0=174ZPM4=])O&
N1.


M`PX:L(NT0X65`(L1Y6JK8+F5REMPVS=L.[AYUVCWVN9:AI]WR[H:R6A]==S9


M




.(RAXPU
MC#6
-0?`FGZ+2YPPUC#6
-:4CC6]=I=]*
8:QAK&FK([UC4N.T-S_1@JO_HO

MT/

0LF

IA`S0+#`G/R
M`C
8F&LYRP+#`G/R`M-IL4G&`L
LZW`=!J]2S;**I0@4OM.E3^$011A#[)


-
4DPE9SR$C#2

M8C`.
0XQ#NU'C4N#Q2LJO_1L\##0



MCD!5
M(@)9DZ-S@RX7+^!=DF/;#`Q@#&#[IZX9\U+JS34
8`Q@%6%%!K`=
N)Z![#`


LD
MR:Y%Y-J4I;?_/H`UEZ$5344H5PB][RI&R7P#U8&J[SS7EV^FDHC7[K2^S3UF
M.(]UHITRN^%!:SE@GX%Q!:W::L
9E^9&:JBP]1Y-/R$JH/+<QT!3/?6Y6A8##0
-`TW)
MN4&M9J=\DV:OW*J,`RG_S`.,0Z5?_-/2L&&@8:!IJ23W
TAR

M.-Y0'FL'1CK=
^O@0K2

FLDPSD596<Y!4

=`LY1P-&&@8:!AH&&BX=!;G_S`.



M$SS!&M207.S8AWMIU?Q-OKTH!3../`
I
QLSVR&8+?$\Z]]2A'M$E=A_


M:QAK&&O*QII^X_+RLLF534N-%9]62/C]5]N-I!6+KSM%AD^WKMK;G_0W7;

U?-)RPPO5';G'W+`L




4`



=`4@&9@
*6[
M\FO/2
/''U5BQXT8Z7R=7+2X8?F2:FG%XNL.+';!]!;YK3Z
M*H.4!SM<KZ'&OQTQ<5@B[6J



M;6XHA6)2*-]3C8=Y!4L5HP3=F60H4PL'(F!.

7XQ?C%]58D7&



MTFCFC;GFE0R1#)$
D57@58;(BB8G


M





_P;1D2/E)S440

!KCX0Q



M`&=BMRU*`%C(RG



M4J2W[=;4J=3D5OPC=0Y9ZKND5(LLEAL7XF6TGO$J1$.)[['_6;!^XE0JX+
M)(OS
'R2JJ%^F3DF0CY**C=Y!J$K%RR2*A]I7E

M]2=&E[]F




MN8EY
KJ:#S
=O/SRJ3
4W;N3E+5GG$?3Y`=C&H_DE22:

M%YC$*F1HN)7LD6*K4DYQM(#FCTG-6-W4B+R]49TN

2OR14.YCN1W)`#R_6@U*EW*+
.TC40:ID^YN$?(E;`N2/O

KU(6L]XKAKXY]$Y82^.9.V/;^).+A%O



-KMD:
J5WIP\7H4PSW
=SKEQ-














MD_1[4/@)6,%!`G5YU\2BDD0RLO2;THO3FV.?,B&5SF3G),6LJ?OG22A30ZJ
M?`,'5W_=)8YL]FW*5]53D+
O]
'NCB\FS

$Q'8Q_X-$+U?.F8CF4R8G









M





MEZ-V+?AQ6099;0J!*YV!]W`L$C:J2RI/%0HY%G][)@-W$*Z;]!)!WK)*R3
:^Q1``OKWVL#KA:O0[`





M&ENZVK-?3NH[UN!4GR3O]8(6QQI?NN95A=`/CDD@AF\HE6P?F#VV.OY-=ETZ
*X?Q6%B(*U[0X`[55!^Y<TZLCND9BZ<M2!-K((5ZD
MH68CQV:L;P$J`A4]T]4/_T[D=LYOJC&ID6CZZ#\(H`EH*@.:%C;JC
12L/8D



M*EX]]XQCSX`#X``C`50`%3`2V\



@
M7#WXLH];YNE(SF@A.0


._SXILG(KO$^%'(I_4C!T1#@5B37YSE3F/M_3?6_R@0(
M!_K:.^XMLKKX@XC
`YA;`U-G]V\`$\`$
'6YLZV.`=L@Q\,V`*VVK2NWX*G
MX
*9)J'S%Y/7Q'6VB-30YI*N2-$YY$\ZW




[(`68JY*AHJOQI#+@`#B4
K$M=#X!R!<R/-:54`
M=MI%KP5D
@%U
&LP:P`8``:``6``&/Q&I%L4)JHOLG6Y/'WB.UE+\TD0Q:&(

XS:J7P!90!9
%P`&@)4*

ME`

\3X640A!%=
MM%PV8T7L^W@SGHY

L`*L%)EK%BM8:

M53


)N9S-8:M$QM`U

M\I/A[WXHZ
'_$0Z3+:ZR0LF
%OP.W?)`:W]51#F*PR2WM7]5#MVB7@32/(PT




350G=(3:.V+B15@P``\``
`!L
MB[*;_9:IE5/

M

C+J?B


M3!#MR7?F!



LF\


N?^.;2+#=;M5CZX3W[_M
M#+;AWV5%VO[BW3;


]:]6
MH\OH*H^^7LL#SS2-Z[35:/^H=61*DKJ$UM



M.SK17SQ50(@
JWS$.G/-Q[1()_


M/NFE]/4/KD.0=


%.PE!.2!!F

.(DG/H_.;3L9)TJ1
M/\O7N%RL?/51^8N_DO]X(Y]W0X;FP@OL/W[YRY__]/.:9Z7:_M'?]J'!A?@Z


TV4]KSNL*Z#;8&5/=BL55!JFD6E$H/71M







M5ZA$ZN$2PBD&T!!H*'=W1]]1`M-G_E!WI_2K?OVKKGD.J%Q_J4[9QU]QF2(L




W


M
&26UZY5!WK-AH6`!*`%:.5CU?2U/JZW54
L\-UE5A-?%?LNS
DL'^I:O1;.
M2B$$B)#'MHQNOJ:3`,OP$O5\=+J#_3MXM8#,(@A;A;B%W7R=Q\1[86PI*J

MJMP)V4;TO3G7`90V^48^-27_'7+853;7B:A\02V[\*PDU?Q7?`#7`#W%Z!

@]&G
S+0U+Z7)@=0IH
M05,*K4$HN@ZGATNABBP'3:LNZ9FUY=U1#O![V!WHREM_Y@4`]E4)K#O7/


`2U`:\FJ=36F:M;;JB$6B(H+

M64SB7HLADJ$RO):M==.CU0'FE9Q1VX0(@0T8147K.(`$4)$$TXSL:R4VPY

_?V115^28Y;R'[)JCP7J_R\^%`_

B&@\/HG$










)E/D.2)2E$]&

U?HBV?'

WM!3WHP)

MR6U$]HU4D.AI:LSD$^0WL22$)&&BZA,#ULK:9$#O3D2MS&!T]-*AR)[E$2

7N2*1W+%P7N&H%W-9

M'S]_^7A^E5,O7?R2)RO+)DI**H

?9A\JA59FB,X:!PT#AI7L%!XZ!QT#@(



M^TJK

MU7SI0;-9K%;
(E]\M!K=IC9R-4AJY6)=@P27K[I]^NF\@C*#LAFI;.`VJ!NX


M;XIB'*2007.

MMA$T2&8EX;BZ*=M7[M_1V12^:WWE'8;Z#?Z/Z0-@:R.;`34:72SSZT!5!.J
M1Z$LE5

_[P?`#SYL#RVE!,@E#.@2-&A!.'!NS33_&LLZ&<DNB_E#K[D3B<ME\
MYC
.)!JLOL

S*H[MI4

G)2
;9O$QH/
1#

$




;VTWNMB4=ECVI:-@C=%9'_5
M)9U756Q;2&XO#*6`6J5AM7L-;;Z(\7


MDL07L3QP%XH137QT3.XQ14S:**9

MPL64F00+@`7``CN\=+O3Z($$#ETZ&!2VR%.PGP+_C4KZM0-?24'FS_I!+)@;


MBOQ-V@Q\J=9DUE8=1U9Q9!4G.HT:J-DO6/KC`3BR:MP!@NF159Q5U2#
*IRW
M












MMX-QY4L5TQ?/-V5R\[;$
+@5QD
E'83F$?JQZR?T$BR8B)#'
MLHN:9BW

22YKKU_S
M\\\_)=&;.\XG;[_9]\))//%Y=!F
@\YZGGNH?J$4PO4=
MV=*[+7&I4R,^)R&+5:S!^27BG#
2)5)76D





MGJ
CZZYO=DEXFZA

M/=*RP)09+3)'UIC]N$R-6U9+FPZ8
I_R/ISC.9[?`2XH&1?T+'W-XDR9R$-)

S^G

M?JV
;NG@WVDW41P2JVP42YTCHM]LK))6S1%1^B5GKH&9]D*PO;6R[#3)`K:Q


'ZTRL



M5=BX.L.MV[``-YUP*_OJ
__&0
O137;J^K:7R!$S.PE#08^=2`


M'9N(J]ZN/

Z==VA4Y=.

B39'^XP3'#2N





5&
8TA


M



0S,N
M3K4\YJ\]J]/H:QW9CSDS3*?;;5AFRK+9;+0UR[*$]*=)FJ28'<W?(F8B2MX
MR

%E^*](^B.NK3P)\C$4A8RY0T_QN#N.V*
;W[-0W/'0F3H;H9B$


F))O`





MZ^L;:%^SBW@F83\1MIQS[^E
@G=#/&.!V!=F5%'X?%8S\ECG(4EHI0LE7U*'



M%]S$^-ZE!=*_$QX2:%-/L=D]8[_1X(AD+H.`UB^7?.+*,RUZW.?5ER__WI)
MHQ]//*',%KL\O]*#YZ%NBSY1K#8Q.-VZG




^MW)]
Z_*ECGKV^^A(U4/G7;'=#7GU)



M



M42?B9Q%V[OLTA_9BNL]B%N'J;@EGMZ'KW


K\0SJ2
M(R9)F(/IC[
-0SD%

?$RL[R;JMZOZ6=P#$/


D2?









FO8]\L@L

7D-M-#=AC5E8=7QJGK
MXSP_6;[
I6VFV'/

MXYS
H]R-B9A-JWQ::85/3#R(+'G$$2
NPXQJ0Y:LI#MR933ZY6(Z\J--).%S
=1'/MUSA:_.LO$H$G*(



GT3B[?2'=\\++:^/Y<SB!X.U
MO5&V
6HL;P_Z?5_V#$*E-UH[7M?I^@OK.8+UKNCE_KXF
$0[OA?.'V3!ZC4K





EB(1J





@<G6!2ZC2.Q-?R)-0K5!\ATV*`Y%[(95K)@M\(7(Q<)

M.EQ8&NU



=N[T$N(!=%+JU68^OBHB7

;E4$'L-#
W::#7$`N*DYUUAQV-=99+H
6F+QN

+!


7W





$97

+=




&_-@@R

MXTD0RE6VXXYH
%(@M%:^IS\'H0Q4*A6:A

MF




M5.2@;J_(\M@*N
-:!LE?4






M4A)NG1;HK9*WHZZD'^7E;]V85-%.GR2K!GX)A?1-/XQ&(BV;OZ'10)`V2[@
M?(4$5=!R-ANJ%.KGM8D7;B??NH-CMUMRVR\9*8MYB:)1M3ISJ#5N_`0H
D

\J
MV;V


MS)\O/[(U?0=
&)TS@YV1PSL5:F$B5R.R`R41P.'=-K7&YK11;9D#=\=GR^WM

@Z[-AY/A`G\?/EX#C




:@


V%60%^PJ[&H]5!-V%785=M7
0FD5.9NA;M-3#VW;D[)[


J
++]UI_36W4]O5FDO



MNF?2ZRIJ;[2HOZ?)I&B28SATRQZ57`R[L6-&.+'+6\]3`@^LB@CPQ(L`(5


M*J2








(US&\!^

/U%:FS4;TQL]DM3
C]'



N@KQ@5V%7ZZ&:L*NPJ[K!E93J\C)

MFGH6FF]0)UI&F5G0


MSC+JD&H97M7KD


0


Y+


^PS[#/L
R@3]AGVN5S*!OL






PZO@F&ESPG@`/M09OOPNK?T





G\VJ;`OA?=5C-Z?7+6:5N?O






L

M3^GUWON^#D)!CYWWO1\%X2





?*YT-O(<*M_(YBQ5N_2!&
\*D%6=^




4
@T1;+IV$W:NTW3OM-(:%B0.=&HR+;AZ=





M.82E*T_W:&92B11YX^0#_2DRL&2J1X!F)H:8^))9\H&^'IU5
=2``CAU@5.Q




V==@S#<;13UZLO4)0LVFQG7)\N<?E[\&C\(


V

<W=D#UP+Q%FJ6JIM=$`#01/UE7Y#*/DK
=FJ)L&ZO=H3^*MFJJ2*XR
M4W#5=32ACKF;)5-4LPQ2A3J64'!@1Z@CV#%OJ=9V#T+=]E$NI404LY#\\-7
M'S9#(GHRZ/-[7=VI[H-.1T-;E8QVZG(^#*:H)OR89P5@*!$,2`4,2`ZGEV%&
MP`5


M%;.J*K(9:F&-4
%ND`_D8U#4W@PWJVXI$)T6
B``?5`CY&.`?%874[H:NYK?




Y9W
M[1`HDJ9SX?L(\HC'OYOZ3HJ])IFZK'X!I5IQ


20/\K
A+77+_R\



HI*7V]8H*^Q'
M;JE+A?/9JBW7W,=F_[.98[2XF83-+*2&FF4TOV:)60\[:-XL+M%V-TM,\8J
MJ)R?@M@-?.XQ/I:'8,'Q6QV%&UXMT=P_BIWP3WNVX)%]X*
L1?87*I@125K

-8QOC%X6Q:;0Q%I!&
0(=00QYDB
M8W\J]LN








%QPL
BQR;DO`


MYY\W5R?
==Z?7'
[?M



D0*F*661








!GC=9:&TK0[Q

M-BE5#UI62QM75P5C*/5&!?-1E-;1@L``4``$!4$!+(NB]J7-G(=68H4R
6

L0501_[;(#D'\5
MB%(HS5$6IM5:?UYE)_N0&5VJ[$+SE-0X`POM@G9!NPS4+F1&(S.ZMDL
@U81

M\'RMI7ZC?:V%S&AD1B



M:C$Z








MH;()3^1\1(R
N'!J$]?0+LQ\JS_5
%O@2MAB?ON6#;UAF3WA]6R/KWNZ&`




M6(TA$F*TY:LF]-J(_R.-$A`\JO5K-OK`(&*1FH1U.6M*\L]1-4Q85S6T.^
]JS'@I<)XZ:&6)
*-^L7Y.::_J7

M?+C%PK(*H8UR&+IJ0M#25RH5$`0$`4%801

M)@MR*DTSC8@]BEPB&;4'9$Z^K'WQ(ATARCSGU52WVUM88ZA!2
V(HX]AE8
)QWV?YKO!;FA<\QOF

2!A/!'N]=^Y[FBM$')?U0)6:H'BA:I#?4-`DTY-_H





MF/T[X6%



NU'9^_C#Z[:C4U62Y=IM32Y&Z=+2C7

)#ST<WQXTVGHY/GNM42I]!E5
MMQKL'R*UYY*:3'HS%P'<EX7#6<V8U




M#&O7V$:S
K1K/
*N(A0PSW:-8
EB;73I;?#I1W\:EXA^S%7+#
HM+M1)_+2T


_%4NG=AM]]
M5^XDJ]Z;Z9:Q3


TQ%H;`

-CV
M##;L-PLLB%0*/=+HJFTN=+3X\TXG!=U;S`]M[GA1';]'KK7
CTO&%GL`T[


MG'O#RD1DU132

<5
M_?N2.A/0-FA;`=HFW=4]UD0X59]3T!EP1=6!'%!H4
9(G@%G6L]J:Z]LD
B


M7^Y@H;N

MM'-39AXA-0T.8*OYAOZ#AKH&4[`IRE++%;5U9@WZ^IPW4^82D37P`'A@AY?N


:






&Y`7N60!^.&G:0]1*C.








MH_


MBW[3NCZ_O.H

M_^%Z4(




-HB:!/;NA2


L6<#X(V`/V@+W5U$P@#\@#\HI'7JO5+^D6CVPAUVHEW:A<MH+U=4%

MSA51@\EVD]E#
I68#3
;Q_HG/O*(^4'

M
?ZB<1D/;%#?R(W:H)F%X?
M\^\D`
E\]ZY]KV`P8,'5ZJ-TJ:EZR2:)$\G$DEN1#R2]8-T-XUE_:NK0/;
MNW8+[]79*4N33[S@45^PW@D$ZN-*BZ@#6VA91^CE9E2++?(@E`5[HB5QQ`39



31#8VC@2'!DKL62.D462RJU


MRV




QQG?M59$+LYX&;:BM#GDE=G(;/7U


A(T3%#[1J
=#]T.S=?&A
M=SYM+M=N739Q9LGDH9]'VAIQYGQ


\%&B'F/.QJ^ZAQZ[:Z

C^-(V_MS

M7'B\QJ`M+BO#%
(KRA/PD^B@5VLN'WOX.ZZS7;#::\'G@\VS-
%J[Y9DC
M


#G+Q\NF!3KBU.+[/3]LM/;O0/3TUM%
T[;FVR<T#J!I4K0!5
MNPQ\]8X\WGZ=Y6#RL&60MM*H6VPI5`UV%*H7#55#K84V@9;E6KG*KM8TL1




M_FD%H*V3?54((
58/2I.5L744<F5NU!<MK1M=VE(54P-4U!85
$P(0#+UF#I
M]_5EPP,L`$N%P0)_Z@`*F!8$(`EOW!TM670`P`P5!@O\+:`J(`).=2$

ML.;63F/!]E=E4F4C-0!==NCKJ6O2I0!]0!==LYD=KJ$L*)!+``K`4G
O_E


):HPZ'



``
``/``#``#``#P``P



*L`K4E1*VV(NI`
M+5`+U
(9AC


M9+YS`1\U`7JTBP7EY!2#`7F`O

M5Q].%Y@+S`7F*AUS=3MPNG(KZO53S.GUUUU?V
`6A.:YOGAS+Q3[6:WF#TLJ




3X.$C^.6#@3(G-]=O[Y\B/S@Y@]



'\

'0`X8_O&K!EFUI=J.UYWU%?U_1]^']S!@GW@_OE]_W:3CI

^8[GBGARP8E6?'E/_Y#;PG
Q]4U[8E;#%^%:$K&V=




M]L\IG+Z/.'=R-4NAJ\AG`8$:IY0@4)WG%(8F
&@I]`Y.)CBR++H*CM1YPJ+3


F%33[
M^NWWZ(Q=J?]^H?^J'FI?Y+^JY\**1NTSFFGCAKE-VM@N9)_'GZDQQ_3*/-
8
MYB2A?/%#'Y]10X9^-6



M9?MKI]5H:JNP8Y#8H&]&ZIM58\^*)OQ@LN9W%J-`6PIU*TPQTW?F5!S9`9E
M,U+9_MII-ZRM;:F&\,KSE/W2K5G_)@-5^FK]54VAF@UM2W60E&GRR9F+NH-&
M4UO58VB/:?+)5WM20U:5JO$(H(*'96`H$/0(7-6;U`=T^23O__3V]K_R7-?




6FIG3Y)31!;F*$5#=M'6=FI
M.Z^C]?).[4ORV4*F2SO4_NE_H'=E[K-@GOPM(IN,K3W0(OYPDWSLSC#INU9
M[&CUM)?GNPYU9+N2?00*Y



MFCT;V[;8ML6V+;9M\]ZVW;IP.+9ML6U;(6_8


M)KY/A!^)


842
G[=LX8
MQ5JQ^)
M!LG
.
8JB^#*=1;&(

%W'2!B=M

M5_A.

MR([J
*
&N**Y)A.'@D=)^

52IQB=G3MO#QM;92+J2/6#S


I]U.F%FM0X]8M8N^L17
MX5^(%RSE]8[=K[!7!P4W;,LL\-[Q9Y-C-+#B;F&M4Q21^WQ


MM=GDU

HGKW0NBH
M/XG3V;;2.:8'O1I_.]91.@.6GYJW:`[8@3%FDR7ET4'+:FG3&N
U0-YWR-FW

;1EEK:/&=W%S_+CWC



M=P+2






@S.IR`63!JSDRMQ&Y_H(1!I;D9)







MFM_*



M-@`^&\#S6-R6*-%MY_H-2RM#B?NY?5.CBY#'@.U=+L-UJR6[V$*57!KI?:
;MWWKFZ
MZEQ?#-O=P7G:P;K?ZPVZ0S
,%\8*&#]3L%RS]D4GM#1]W;*@\&S?ZM:[V4Y<Y:3O(TCE
^[H!W1MLZY]






MTB0

TG?PL]Q:`P(#@1FBBBPK475[K;U[;.46VM`8`P0U01

M#


3L*[8)V0;N@

MPQD9$#%%D$;$/
P):_2ZJ+B/T&L9'0?CM0U

M0X7Q8.G;;@

LA8BB-0

M7KM9I5`UI



M\G=I]LH-
D5AD/X#'@(/Y7_P#2LK$`V(!D23\VF.1G\`HLDSHES%P/&&\E@[




M2J&*X^STMA*H33@+_7(:H(_MIE:\O*WP';:\^K%*J&U#G0&^C-6'HK).FN
M%$H#]PS\98@J@K_



:$=^X8Q&Q

UW8YMK]TZW
MV




PND$'FV&8A?A)TRX[98UOC
M2ZL
MS^X730J!ZV!/DC6^^!ZB5!97K-7$UA:9U9_T
B_[R`6`F#LT](7




MJ!]Y1EB]BGD%TYH%[0+V@7M@G9!NZ!=6J2'%*97RMRXOAV,!3OU@BCZD8W
M8$P#\F/73^02*)B(D


MU&?55Q4D/]I!O0:#+7AUX:*QQ9HIBI^WJPL\5!@/&JT'\``\5``/VE8NP`/P
M4'H\M/0=ZZL*'I#YM5/FUT$G8DP(,I;BR)81$<AR'/5#^SALDAS?90!_@;_V
M34[K%[]4@JM`8&!P`Q111#8#IDH'1`8`P$9I0J@L!V(+`^RO6!P$!@1JDB
M&R'##TL(<U)WRNO'2*[()'KJWR\/:/]+.)%ETST.Q(NA]9_'P*EC6CRB$

M.-A72*I8*90F;T_!(`XTSH4`?X&_]LY``W^!O\!?)JDB^

M6Y76(E;


M;7A]63VWOWBW;3EZ[UVT\(52:.KMERC;4O;KD/D_M7X\&
*R@IO.5SSHA6[N
M!8N2
0M&+*8?_YWP
!:A][2X43C;]&-\3(P21VS
Z8(@9OPN%&K34-X[2CR/

?U9O39TYRY'=T2S*^I4MIQ$$2
M1S'WY02G=T;

ONSJ4[([1UYBQPF-*:*[B3GO

CUJ1TH*P71KY

[!&
2@\==QABG(1








MY#.3(-ZV6U/'5.

`9&W$W9`_<2\3T*7[@R[D*:1PSCX@HYVS!%LC?

M?E4D%)FR2Y*4_/=#0HZ8(.I3Y!7*JXA`QCRD64Q=K92YY)MYV47R#W=R31F$
MTFY)HR=I/@H(=_)R10\TGV^X1$ZD&']**[/AIYY)K`0W?882UX@_!-(L/RF;

M!LIN(N$9UH^3*E;5



UUS_.(7%%+J9^J_7Y%6C

:TN/
M3R+Q=OK#N^=1XO4!@MF:M+/V4








MZG@@@\Y0GW
/%\0

M1L%%G5O#S4ZO



9Q[T


MB:K2&CWY(KQ3:=G^K&BN&-.7.NPQ/\@^V^+M(L+23N_*RR[IC_*Z!7?IJ6
M2IZ](HU4KAW242X4^$YHS3!=^DV;.LQK(6=U92^YSQW^_*YG4IN-.&T@
_MF
M-\J:(CB)':L%B?1=TIK$DEPF23@)(GE;M99V^19-UU+R?&




M\3QIM71AXLM['LKCOJZOFBSL4F^]NN7V+(U13U
F.F^C#-M;94`
]87G``@`
MHO2`:*
C+?``/
SN:P$/P`/P


D)<W\BRK@
WCT<(E!X<NBPM-^R8=D\Z
/ZZ$@VJ+]_516$B?

=@4$%
_`



XUME0'3T^:\`!`!1

M)A%J+R)UN3K(LSHXW`WH`7I'J9\'HP?D`7E'
'JH7`GD`7G'L'D]0`^UA+0)

O-YFWF#F




MKTL*A;FE?RL4DM.Y#76HU*J-=03+BPB6UPFY^@JK`+E`+I!;WN7CWL(S!8MY
MKSL!44`4$`5$*P_1RD#PU&I8A:E6M?U7#;DB98\EO5`UN9

M027


[3D+2+OH@P@=Q\73S

[^*24`SYM]]]$=!..:Q&_@7

Y?$3-?'3'R?#\2F_[L^G8PIK_*C-M0

U8RZ?B*'&DQ$F-U[
7GC;Y<7EV]?Q



O%/+



M#96-ACIG5@=+J^U=GM+G81PNPH_/RB?LH#OS](NJ=?U#-TQD2^M(2P(N@`O@
M`K@`+H`+X`*X`Z`Q4NM#K=1E.WJM0[+@C`5!@P
3`!7`!0W*TUH$&[3H5
M$@U.R]?F@;'JM/-$BCZ23(PT8X`8(`:(`6+;Y0PT]'4+!K0`+4`+U@L0`\2*
M@5@/Y1@`+4`+U@L0`\1*!S'+0K+VUBJ9.UW'P]H2J=+SPX&615.BY3J4$BS



M`L]UV/]KJO]5R








)6N+4IGS-0V;Z

MA'


:[)L0

C)R
MJV*

M'P


2DB+E1?96B]C^;T'@
M/-*

#F$C[
AL/
H$C``

KRSB$LO*-$@#


MT.K54&KI0Z6G'_UI-E24;_$3@VH1Y5T5125='--


0'*TEM$&[3H5$@].^GE@K#IMVI&BCR03(\T8(`:(`6*`V'8Y`XTA


9-Z&&O88+%`I
M%NBVAXTF6``L`!:H


?_.;H4O1F[
3K
:
M5+MX7#7
&M#/MI7/'2@1YHRSTT`8$`:$`6''EQ
0!H0!84`8$&8PPEYM$5Z@
M$
L@.&.$!8V#QD'CX$4L[P

-

R41=1;_
M=GEQF0=82X=)9%9@9S-_&P98`!:`!6`!6``6@`5@`5CL$7IA`GZ`_V!_A0:
MP4WS+K.W;T^^

!
M@PG?$0Z[$K88WXJ0M:TSUFI:[3



P^#;
O)M
MJV)\^U5
0A$10*/TW







4NZK7M52ZX*#+^\[;
M

5BO?+=DF0K[AE:=6TC6GK67//







M/)5W'Y!JNE&JZ4(T^-?1R2@/-I:.=$B=P-)E_D8*M``M0`O0`K0`+4`+T`*T


6X;29YTUA]*5A-.0QEX`].YZ.8AYY
M?0ZS^5%=NQ
6D]_8/;D
)M3_1-X:WK+X\[WK)'?'5G\=W?@2$^N?O%D(G`]Q


M4I\1LW-(6H;9:N[

M_Z'OR
Z:!3T^CU=Q/']37R@';Q'CSZ9P$^.[`1TS<VH:?$S3
MN0%_QX-8W8\^_#IM:^_W#X_AU2

;:_;
M^L+2_.6U_5*\IQ`CYOHAC$E#X%K+^=8R
=]#WF:-9RO#6]O(W9+$SW5B<OYZOJQ:VOY=-^IE\(E@4NZ2K`5BFPP?_%
M=!5T!5TK3U=



MM6B46RNCV2JO8*IOE/0%SL^=?K.E3`L#.[K))T_L5$$^VN%'UV8`^H&E*IX=




X3B?9=R]O340;47YP

M+:MW


O63;89V6&1C[QH^+=Y9-D#L
IYV52;TF?;'*Q7B*OZMP=D7#L5K


MZH'%CK$V%DL_V=Y=7J?N=Y=CVR&/+O

V./YJ(G797V





M+TQUFP_!!_A]'R`G0`OP`OP(N\)B481@**7B3;M65H*/
H%UW.-:0\)*$=




PB./BC-K8OVI2S
0J
MF9X(`;7*3BU8+U`
%`/%-*
8]ED5F+T(=E4S-QC!Q!KSPFQ:X`/X`#[`3H`7
MX







$L






MZUE)MEYHSPT

Q)HK^=`/MORD]X2
+J/?*)32RL'7.V
6;/T:5@+)WN?=H1[3=F_:Q*.N\K0S)

M?RU32_*@5WX%V`KWRPQ







IWNT.AW!N=9_ZQ.WQBU3FK0/^OZ
MCI&L+U36@RU.)Q,:\7-B$H?,=JE'7%5V6:+(]TA-X\D9K=BS0:MK_1L?=4N
MNG%2X3^(`99R@/4.4\I#M+[:2H!H?;4




@5POUU=)$'<:I3NBE3
M

MLIUENKQ@1!?T
3.EXX
)/H`/X
<N8R&$BM\-$



+.EOQ&&\Y,JNMYFVTD\&,JBJGH,R$4
M-O`#(4(TA


Q(Q

UB$R:9BV2
A


M;A?Y;LCO08`$^3UKF$E+W5)(/:PAZ%)GNK35]3FM!UT0/EWF5:X3/CTD/M-I
M%T4/
=1-9I_*JL?4?/:)N`_B/ILP3V$O&#`/S`/SL*B!Y+J])-==SS5C&C
6



ZZ'5$





&!Q+HD@[+(PB=CU=9N%




(G`E6+-2C(_
M%%I





MGVQ_KM5!+]2I

MZ




;F^B8
S!K$.F.KLEX4'F/.D`

M&XBWHTS2X2-@#&


0</@$?H[Q'?3:/^ML4:XC-@#]Y.Q16'L1L/=V5$(2_#`
LR

`^$YZ:;$/0'[4(W3



5X11RO$R)ER^Q%+6-+8LH[DKI
U
2[DJ/A

MHC9#%4CCB6Q%(=`Y3\\AW-0\DTM\!




`+`


MS^NG]5;EY+1Q43T];31J1S_/4

+7!?/8I:9S.=CH


+?+K^
*@?O_2N&I_^`O'VFBU




&
.`5LG=9C!4Q3')!N!V(;QDY7<2

THS70O=#&


Z((HHB]








M4%J;#;]B@0XUEH/UP]QT(:K+LB+A5RH



M0Z^AH3+5R2$:(AHB&MJ7

(JEM!




M9R+








6?N[Q/DK:


MLV&*


$W.QS.HH\;NH`DORH

07X*))266

T1KC2@Q@#K8RL69_'6#X[9.X5KP-NUW%PBY+



M/R0Q-`+!BB3H??+KT,1*'&'G1PW#/@*T3\++KOCRZP_-+OQW_=71PQZ;T_

MG;'O*[
6VSRLXB?\U@(4#7]^9F?K-<O

5.&'DBPMV7SX=*O

#NZ?





'I:$31PV#*SSH*%MV('KQVT&&K?K9::/9.#VI
M-$]KIY5*M=YHF2##L]/SZGFM&$&&EBA/\Z=R:9R9&-!+@5'L0
F/XW#HC%H
M69F1*9V$T

V`@^]]E(I/D'HI1^@TW@


/U$ND\
K\4#[O$=UHP[C$O7@\C4

M
_0!+1(O1;I.?]$*Y;`%RL5A_E
5`=5I?FZ7M/+\-Y3P(Z;:Z=CV*
)H?GW#
M;'H=:&8D.XG)N='I;C&7OE9%U
2.@
Y!%SYAKHP
2_J:YL75*H_)-8N_C82*




ND@AQCBUW0YQQ
M]C=@-48:[VK`EMR?UI5]!#2-IO0(VRL%0Y@[_Z(A)(.!-@K/_0]Q_3U4$E


M#:
7@0LDMHY4R249D`S0K9=/W+U'L$LWZ-`LS&&9[ZW-:KOB'1['K.DGPIX=

MS:3+@U`9G:O2F
15SK92F1VH&\
K?DM$!-P

M]A[KV(.N:_]IIND*\&ZEKZ4-[.V0=L'RMK1M7KURP%(8I#O/8G?U5_&HXC`0



HE@:=]Q`\D

E673VE6X$;))\XX+F3$A
TVQQM`&;




M7&S`:Z)A6+F3OZUCF#(NW6=-*NDBL-6*PG?KF*S\A`@0P4*41FCV]X%D&VTW


M#-R5Y4)F95%6:G:E5F!

/E84X\XVVMY&+H@<=;JSG8+E=V

M!/)*R8UAL6BU

S
MOW)RO.9







1U24\-&G
M


M?*
Q$6MBOH8_


MA#P1BD(43E%`4R,9!I*\3E/#&1?_@)ZG-/DCS2/NQEA3JTEBF%_Y95R3&9

U2F$$FGM;0!_.


M5+*A!BGUO@T*C0:

GZ86
B\@*P_+_8`'9OU*



M83IQ?L^









MU`)7K05N)0@YN&7

U[
M5+W&X[KJ@+^VO;B:PMZA+G.V6E$&(
$88(.S^?$&&(


L
M4L`BA2[:0D08(@P1A@A#A'$&&(
$38-2(

MA`7`F&!L$!8O'UA!DFE!^4'Y2?DV9P=PZ$*^MOPCS:T!Q*47MYW)K52^@A


O.]0/!3LDH&




M*


^I8S^J

MZWWL*`&M

2^(@+EPP*`A05P@



K*WEL0XWV&+7`


$88(0X1=(\*P
0@_8@UEX8HX=




FMU/X5!3#!5TE]TPQ;32AO




!^.%%`5*%S3[B81TAU9)A]KTXDC.*5%^R3
M??







83882^O&1H(+8060@NM%T(

M2V^9G))%%)
\BR^DWK?S]O;JO^XG1;IDQU7987?X;2NK.2Q#37:8]0%Z4%

MUZ4C5%'C%S@DD`ET2DET8OMLJX``!WLJ\$%&D\NR3:+HX/=E95LJP7PW$WC
MQE[J?1.F)0+/Q5N\X9

$88(0X1U&&&-[X@^(1/[P+C.
*NW$G=2G8X2AQ)W15[$K:2I)^BN









MS7[?^(E/?Q7F7@H7+83_V81$D+2!((N2/&R-'D1)'U$B7QA*/I$UX`
`D63'
M$=XEY'Y%Z'V\@%0`D6.E^&L:L5\_.G?%3^T!\=*4G_@CDOC$RV
_








M&*V0U=Z!V9KO'+?@)D1XRAA/&1_*
DD96);.



XU0`=;\Y'J.*1#.P'@F'N^5-+

UOIQ#E_U2F74[X5L@_=QDY9IM*/



M'LIQ&N;9





(Q@X]Y







MR[\)6'MJE*BI3P3P*LC\#0:]G^+(G9E'[IUT!%EL8.VYI7-
9F0U)?&6L8HT

+D\VEI_@W

?B]!`3LHZMAQ$3B(D=3$CFD%ME]Z5@

_)F=\%Y$


B9\Y

M

OR5
VPUH9V3X94#




(



Z&0JT5\`L
M)MG\FS+0$8]/HJF93TKSZ#LY\4C)A3/0&\V
0QF0^%7^)HOIE5J5OLWJ
Z



M&**2






-N+FS6

.[DB64Q6$$
M\2
0'3.284Y4SJ)\\O
L7F1ZH]`V5`\48IS3

4U(L'WLN



M?ZN@:D?Z*9U427FY36+.KY?`DH


M[2#QB-SPSY&S6'4-Y$T]QZ3UT3;AVQ?H57JHU72T2J=S2I!+#T..F&/^CJ

R[

-F.`\MVSC<SEA7<WBZCFZT)RPAVGN$P#^XT








]7MPXNTB8%E?QODM=+





6)`I(.90!.O4TD6VR;:+_S


MC





9MEOSQDY$RC8)[=VLTW[YGNR3;T





M@F'U8BIN\U(9*.=)1SLV?+JKPTZ4ZA7E2!N&9PRW%/)8E))+36AQ&62M23!
M'#P+/UV_662Z4W]@![L@4$@G)O`2[.122'03)O0TSXPF[D/

2F0IE-

KA5#A7I-D

M\./\9S^$/[SL4E.AHV;P'3S\'36'N4^6
EE
_15Y.138^;TR:D_,6R+@2V






+9!E0+/)Q&&)F;

OOK1)H%GD6]^PKSH4@BI&#^PE2HD&^BF

M-T$WAIJPXCFMK7V*G@LY






M9GN5


R]W8+L?8KJEH?_WJ9

M%






B^^1JS'J:FSV_4KA)@JXT%KQ!9BZQC8


*-9I1J-0
$N:;SBRKJ1WZY)J[MLU%!HH)$
M!7E^444%R;&HDV<+=%20AP7N/Z3T=&;M]36?__3#)GEW[WGK]Y\WJY47/_Z\
M^*5X,\TDBO^Q]&?+SS!E?P%+$J;.T@OOR5U8?9W-%^^;G0?`=\DGXB51!0\
MPFT2'RCY`FRS@VCVVY__ZS__XT_%TWX--\G&WZ.[\)%3'[?D#]2\DJ&?O)


\.(3\081X)



MH`]B$RRN#![+:VDV:4D24L[YMICH]X('X_



MBC




=1[OMG9_6`[J/4R5Q#3WDMW1
M7:V#Z)&0=S$)O'2;:3N*]NQ6D_NSFYW.

7I.R*OA3WWEI0SVS6YJ
B@85#2H:



ZJU.
M1XE#B4.)ZRSC
*?QAB


MN0\OO?#6*?L)K=2UM`2;O3*R.1R/6])P0)^#$4Q%-T@N

SMZNJ/8(1=6P?3FTW$J%A9@



!$S
?TVK`@QA!A#%V

AN.5?P:;I*-%]`C%7ZXB





@]_VS

M#


818UU-`O?-MRWW0






))SYY
@@V9\*&M.^&U/Y


(W)

V[ITIGV5Z'9%_I

KF)K#S?]
:4D@CDDS+IQN?<?S*'&E5CAEALC-<Y\_+Z(

M`#
[


B\*$!7
MLEFO`53@C@&9(4D?HO@W!M@U^'3E8R!&#!X3/ZE1YY21%-@Y4^)H1A*@:^LC

M)5*D;K0]7;.]W1^3\CEL&K!FYC.PYN!ET1S0/!Y3M8Q72HV&?)MS6)GGWYD
MT\J)*-X!=3N7+R?O`&^44))_#@4_D&`DL?LF8)7+NV+^:.

XNT\$2$!]`8890**T)HIH%)WBS-LY+S&%1<2+'A0$




P9;GUF]Y*T0-U'1_CL
M_Q$

M#4-H/JI.NI]L/($M8\Y$19X#B

8KERA\_9U*?K%^<+:Q?FX]+BUC:9)KR^)%+:4G
ML9
=R5

M[@QQN5$9W3)-D;TB8R=5

MX#AY\`CF7N5[$)])//4A1+6C)/2S3*031Z#.O7P?8I:[9_X+.0*5*5Y0H3G_
M'DA

M]-'A


M;O0)N!AO9FGF/(QFJ?^5U6&]..W64V*)5KC%Z;O%9G_;EF9[P1@%07#0%=
M2!
1(4P0=`7(#ZPY+#/\#?0&A/XQA/6L/`LT!*%93#\[*92[3G`;^M?
;_)F
M


2L^S)[^W'4L
Y.SA%86TOI`
M6@


MG.X))EEQ1W5NK'IJ#F;!9Z63E
]E3CO;[V/

MTR


X\\3/._4XG%\WZ



;9;2]EPP(BU]Z#@&!@.@]()3A_F%@Q`/B
$]&$)<DZ9GQ=:M
$/TH

;






))7?BX$O!1#8&PA[`_$YK*T
Q9/E

#
(


@BC9Q.0+

`.HMEO?_ZO__R//Y7C
M$O+SPBW.8`(/0\JH3V3QX\V8IMC_5_WGE_&-X
]_O)EXL_2=8BKPJVF+BBT9



M'PK_(
*4!#[Y2H`X+V44'C(2G@B3@&?.24KB%2QN^6!O10E-LOMYBP699;=]



8P1\E0M(+]

R:CP431)

MCVA&D






*Z:%EFP7X5

.8


E%
RY;'$P@?9$DQE(+]LFK4
M^D--8UH2!+&G)9N6:4QT73+&]E@LXG395FL]QJ8Q+0D:333)-F1]-`$'4!;U

M(*HRQY+A.'*1.+!%L390;!K3CB!9GAACAV96;-LU3-$J0AK-U
WZ=$S3F)8$

0PUC6A*DT-R*3C<(
M#%E4QU(1],GZ!)Y73]#+8]H19.BV:)JVKC&OU)UH1@EA`V2EEJ&


$9EJJ[KJ04



WKH]*G3*&$+X



W2DV

M/`'Y!`-E%K-5X=]:@AK&M3(-0T#)B:.9&GDZ(:FEAE5553K9:AA3%N+'$T


$&QR
H;NO)





:T(TL2)

M-*8=0;(X4O7Q:`+R*%GCB6





MYQ4@BH(;FUMJQI3#N


MF\:T(V@
]S`E68.`2@*U8NI%/9DBVH92:^V;QK0C:&+;UL3095!QLNIH3FF7

*X)
4;:4
3Q`!L#08

G5GV.L6E
.X)D2Y_0
M_2;P_0Q7

.X)4

MTYB6!.F6`A



AT031G@




M;6DB:V)Y5@SLDJ;4ZZ&&



34+]*RFEX=&'*D^Z=DTIAU!IFA
MI[:LP6W#]5*H[W*2/#K#]6VC2F)4$3%V[G2)(N:BZ-A&6KF*WJ:+4)JZ8Q
M[0BX%R11YHK0L`G*09$$67K'MFPZC5UPYC_G[MKV['L-JZ_$N0]%EG%:X`\
M\%;_D3A6\F!G@H$`^?.]JC%DCQH\S6`(I?L($`3!\#J]N$G6A62MNB-44FY8
M#%*0V3`L3/A.VAG9X);0`7-'J(FJ=A2CVB+&FK0$0^&7NNS7T`%S1ZA+8^F^


L0N/GB
M/,77Z*_6NCWT/&'N#$Y`\N;L%.2$+Q37_<6[





M;_L#YI;0RYM6
61


!



MV41;G7'Z\L[+*JM)AK=/ODZ8.T*(C7F4

MM=Q1


G+8)
MA+%2%/CJ^18(+ISJ]B3_A+DD-)/FQX0R72V$AQS\_?^KY)\0ES1XA-Z48:

.?;DAJ]IUAN&E@8](/0^YHZ0J[V*U]:^

M_
76S2JKP71L8^H3YI(0ZVJ(+D&VXWQ=KUT5*WEOJ$N2.$/


MY_HVVIKW(J
GS!VA1E6;[`4_6FNJ=2KS#C6O5#M7-)*&))&NV
B!Q&W]F&



M@TBTKWPY82X)%0=G&44;_
*
;_+



MLR
$A%M!\PEH2B%K`FB0J]9G`HJ?QNM'F[N;V/N2

M5+-?0P?


YO,B4&XL4RY-9[SBT]]Z.T`ES
M1\CFX6L9%CF-LR7M*T'_WK&L25TP-P1(O;(0EOH(6BWX9C
.EIQ
K9KZ(2Y
M)50PV!JQ
(+MB;7

M.0YNA&Q=R:H@RS]]?F6W]\HGC!WA)#\!A=@=T-QB1IQ7K(K&VVUU
GS!VA
MR

+V16PEICGCIV!H*L3[JX43YHY0





ML



?T^/_\`A5MG)8^/E*
M+LHYK(L3;:RN6[\J!&6(;[%DN`+6?MG25]Z=[F5\'$UK%P01SC0I46[7=I




11KI23)




ME3


I6;
&;#O5/.-2DZ@^SO%K1[:%G&LTSFX41.&O]_B(6#_1
M/LS%99M)!%ZZ(K;QM/J].3

M6813KM0EB)#ER*N$T

MZTN%M--?_Z@1

B:D/%X*:EE8Y8_

7J(;
7=6DG5NO+XU_9Q^J_G5+(?8(^R(DW[\V:6DG2_=1












M#[*\Y&E2`ND:D8HTF?T_6\2WA1FH_(
LS#KF`!GH:Y5JVO=4$!Z3?@5JFWU$

+JZT]GB65:!)+??-5OF+D2
/:EU^A$_5$U;KEY`]

MKU+HS









V&9

ML!.L*;[^.












M2I@#CZ^T7KAER?`2=KJ^8O@;9.4VN
$W!^D2FLW&2C-FOZ\@YOX18EMA)&




^QT*.


JF)I\0:_^KRV\QY=VES99

M&


MONL
WA\/?VWA-?$0(+G

25X](ZVC0







T








MH$Z]`I7N.G[*M;U

JD5<!X):#2\M(S]TF]W+WUIXCR\M
M

7PPX
^)?$E4[75\L+[[T'FY1M:UD
M
_.BM$*ALK.)3%KJLX7WO
/?6GC/.ZQUS#A@FQ3KBSG-


T:WB:QN#

M72F7SX9'L


%W#L4]WT%Y

M2#M

/

M]1YAUWJD%R
Q\:5@7NB:`1:J`+.ED;+#)/P+K6&
WZV0(T26U_I5NRB7(5
M^.8C^RTN!WG'IF_@?BZ`I$$!SHE+3#T'=/


MTU0/?`?^;P6!&RD[])+X-



MJW\IF.;9
[P83)/:EFLGKF_8@8_?K+:B:'QKA//(;H2+J7*G+HS*=@&WN8&]
M
B

MY*9Z9.L0'.4

M:02X*X+YF08X5


5`=0Z&1?`'O


M&Y:.WV







'$C;EW^(`^1-.@V&2I5RS85A)WY.2
=0
7@G_/Z6SP

+BK
ME=M=5K;DT//;K+UA
X
QA7T`&&NN[
MIF!5L^^'07NV9:VLZ=V[MYJ``A3H


I$04


GC<AP!$&(*/6EK[0I4I`\`\S=S4_9$(M6Y1(<8XU4FW


D%1PO;VK&
M3]IFOS4MIE?$ZJDISE@[AC
D-##A`=P;:20X2CJ&@ZNJ)I_B-8'*]J[:DYH:
M
8^IZLD4R'K@1


F
LK$4.-$7

M\^3I(?X






M(;_E*8]C5Y3=3($H]X=AO5AH3)56

(`?4D]

8DYYY
MGOW8`FB\(?_S][^M3

:+2];T*IN(0QH
MS?HW


MV+]^F(Q_


MDX6'7\?8K3&L[2
X98'\`RN!-`)D77,7I%*PVQM(]/R6=L4%KVXI@B%P
&BB?`ZG[)GL

?2P`$_[B6W2I*A\/O
O5)&1MQD9&[_AV*G[YDKW/IBX3?$`Q,`
MCZ'JGF%Z_@J(2K/@DEV[MC,!]INL;+6[K!I490*4PG+M?SCZ6,S^/]86V^H

MB]P

M


\+@\W&
!



3/UECVUW5
M/#!

M$$]N.=^SLF8?&'$#
!\
DH)_\G2)




F;-54=9#Y!;CA0UCX0




MXGW\TX]2@



#5BC*GBA:CX`'A&EE^)ADQ(+
M&R*T8QFPIAPX+DGWM4PUO


MU^ADV.2
2*;+N.;3



MJN/I,H.,C&?V&1W]:S9K!G=&C-

M


M7#-TK':K+:X/SQ))[V]A_99


MM7G9B7Q

G*//7EX$O+7&)@#N*<4Y



0OGC;L+X-Q(
B\Z-C
MP[R&3&BXW6NWG);U*][4`7U`)TR`3:
5]6S4IF84+*TT8;(BV34!D*W1.&



M@

M0W
'V=Q

.?J
7R'B7\



9C%C@E-/4^1OI*93XJ+P$E=Z2RJ)\(N@3*M16_@

$*3PO=9/W':6F'(7




%-M8BI3J!+&#D4R9^I4
/]0
1QH:QFIZ

M#2=%/IGEOLX9F4P_00/
.+`:+U#(=0?5MLA86JQ$QRBYP!6@[MZB6E68-D(V



M7_`

;@BR(-W9@Z-5?#JO@7=*9^:N



MP]T-S[BSQO2KW0(KH()JJQ()H=,J\.WY`3X+Q6+9[D:1J7X\DTRX(QU`SU
MLV@

61


M/DXK+AAW$F1PDIK&PLX.&9XD^A9GL=TSJRU.VD'[U:Q6]:*A]`*9L=U#R3E*


MTA3']M%`(T
#5=U*;B!\NOZ(Q
ECPUCMS`MQ5NNCFX

MBTTQ9]K29'Q+D3NJWG)\^PP]IMC4J]E#Y3#9PLE
P:ZTNRU@Q4:GL]'EUC


L^S-(N**YGLVP63TR$
M)LFF_Q=E^LI87%N#$2A0Q).RF&5^H0,N:19\6IF^P^22/G7$6V'_OH-7`1!5
MS'FQW;YB
IO(
W#2@8C\5T[N+I`@$H&@

M='%9[U0!4WJ(1LQ55W1#XA0%()B.?.WJ#R('EAW$O2.RAX!2&30(R#5?`0JC
M-1N[DZD*K




BH3W=/G
7
MIUDT**#SU5-..P'[((I
T2^.=V&LH
&#'#SKQ=4-0Y48#.;F3I%/&

M


M_RJMJ%;7/T!?2*N[]@A&P-5C`U?DC5/NBJX-3
[.:7UT4NLDKPI9EW;*YR!(


K0RM%8V]^([H!)6%.V+K3498'69R6LTE1
W20=N'+7BVC+NZI
MD[Q<B:^A7(^^B'^$!__^Q\PN\T_X5_QYY]02P
$%`````@`]VA
1FIO9.&?

C`Q-#$R



6YK$<7S<?GM7M


M-N



MY_


GG


MF-?SOBBW$AD3
MC&C6Z[%%RGM3%U`-J]]9T!?;QQT!?R;DJNP-_/PSTQ/R;@

%_8

HC`W6[!M+Z*PWICE;(_PP(F-#MAI!












M'$`MBS]T;1UP:$]@?*CM';X/RR-;DXNAK+GM-DD_8N.S8#=%=50;'];0H_@!



MEVWK[XTNE-E)GJ;UK7UY!Z*%`#R4CX0^:KA-BMYRFO1YA!?U.B\^MCTQ?'
M.F_J]2=M[R!


M`*6286B:



(4Z2`ORA)41A)!NQCQ$6
8_Q?CH2/&
=

TTBGS*-A-J5#(EYY&E%!8&DD0
M*DI]K!CIUZ?A
^S3T80TQ1!OG;T^[M7^BHD?RD`3[*$@\@42(1C5-`+M]0T.

W'XJTS3MFW_@-*TN&8`



MHD#JGB&%;F
[YJKX\^RS.:C[9+M#&ZTE0HO0)Z&/0@W^'MB5$?+B=1=Z&#-/


5MQ1+?\P./
M*HZT%Q'0+XT183Q&'$8?5SSB'NYY5CU1&

MN$E4I2JEUJI-G;=FX;2L6L]WE51RV\/DVS3G
$J)B'PA*1$H#'6*1



MD6O&8?



M2&TD2OB*4PPKMP1N%/
9\J3PD8=9+`/%O+C[!J'53C^`OYKGH-MN+@&_/E
M`8JMT.^Y6Z6(:
H3]8_%\KV0K'BK+W@.YVN;G1]JG7-P6+'QA`Q:_?9?M$


KMU12T2,
ME:<)1[Z*..*AC!`)?(THEW$81)((WG-G?YH-V7EIVQYSDK?3LM%-9JZW1%+
M`@R^12H)`JDS1)1*$68I11JL2X5#3X9AIU'QE&G;9J5M0\0Z+V7+;L:;V^Z(
`/#]?5/(2&/L@\NRBE?GF:P<G5^:H9(_.#::J!2
5Q$S

MI_P`R9#%B&$O0BGGL'H*+\4ZAM_)+





MGUA1':DQ*E?IPBCX48

M)@.##?@4L8^8B0K5C)%5


/BGM'?7T%QRV0HB[S3)E;
M0)L;$D_TJ'I7SNEUNKV`


<VKZA8&<)O-:$^G6]5/8O@OQ&F$0H8IS
\Z1E&D4I1*$6%*6$#$
M

MI@(M293&'IWE;LWXFC&RF*90#(S

ROD*
+*8I9XCW9:.-%?BVY$7?Z:*31A)HE0KB




/.Q=1*X^^_/V`3'






=GF2K:@







MSZO-22S:
RI442U+WD')$DDSK+%%\'E(**.52EF3!EZSFE=)G'$P[&V#W;WO


1!LZ94@L

M63\T4K5/`/8
7)L8WQX
?+R$-_3I?
)R1&P]




Q



--MT),N2$K`0,:]3L_UI-CVEG*/%K6-2QXN
MX4Z8*22G4A8\@3%8(=7(`!-GTJ62^[1R:$AX+Q/2L`

M?V&HTIY)0DV
RZ+)C$66@4=%'UI+M%(B%9=EY$6_Z.+`+SA4:1RX9[FEHZ64
M+^VM\6@CIJ-C@ZI




%U@P
MKRU8E1-H411IH21FM]]/JR`NZL!+DGGMNE'E40]8+^#-[ZO=:L^LF7CJ\(!D








F$E8SMDVA1Y=ZP%(MCS`X4';-&K8U-D-'0&Z#=-H'U
MS[A8DAI%I^G5^NVGSW&Q;LK45;UM![8KZ_30
^@Y)7?(5




MQ=!D#/$JB#0#PCT$UF._^E6]SX?;%N]ZLRS;M7PYK/2?.D7(L:A2!(/JO`9;
MR-RI6#6(*E*MI7(5AW+L57FV)P2T!Z7N/H^KY3]6:]J4Y:YS9/YK7Z;OYE^K
MFU]P0T^UX(
WF__\I]M!X+[!PXP;^1?J1)I-IZRO%(XK]R69L[KP7JQ9J
MM#G+H5T_YPWS'YNA\P



DW6&NE)?Z+5I\]K_-BZ[;;CN/F2


0EJ



XH6W&:QON@&
7/W\]LGB+Q3.`W\M\!B%2:Y`1JMH
0!:4P+)64+)V*D6!?&B#ADX75[.RNB_R
M<S/[\?7R]]_OR5B0ED8@O*-#:_T!UU\7NXY?NWR([^$CF\8F

MQU@$%74&*7DU6EA5AQ::[)
`
^N'\[(W:D!8UJ'%7OVQQ/7FX^+S-DCQJOZ[

HB_C


M&#LKQITJ7SSZ]BZ[/SA[KJD0-]`D+3ZUNV*#.RJ$'@RPB%AXMWE5N4.L94




S7+IL6R2X;#NCD-MXK)


M'Z;?QF^KF(V#7J=T^Q.DQX&G@Y8^8W0.7

N















-
/J&]57^_77X.LT6N]3:?







?O*+AVK1QN7#HH:U_5FG\O\FU<7EZLL2U\4/F^7?9KA.5O'3
M]REU\SW^7.14=X\F:!G?UCPPI3YN&;C-L[SQ8DRIB[_EKWG._UK.YZCI?_.K
M2:V6FIZJ<@QBYL\UN.&:S2

MB6DI6-L[JD
;4XW6/U4AS-
MZ'=!*TZ:P)2E!''@!7B1`1=?05BE<::$#R[/M3A;RC4ND3T.+/V9H\]+&7_

M%646


_5\E^[/N9_A/GL81VP
2E7Z4V
SY\K'#D=*@^W3OYXO&+E




`_%H`5D=$F49#1JV[H
QA+GO9.H*R!'\[37@+`?

M\B*$`1M



U8X\_Z++
M.02.5F.0'E]N#4A;-V;+9!%


/F`\4


MD4;0W!



J=`;@6/K%3[KY







U


M1
OK+CW?YY_

MO(0S
\]:1DF.IL(/1)%NT+R.'F^SR+PYTCA-D3



ZJ^!E@62E@%*
!D6\`6M#

MXVSDMK4-QKS/TPNW^@)T'`WMTCC]=:1X=9\:00J$0@NJ!#5W3$!I7')0-.OB
M&6NIUX]Y[:<?3:LE8
&;%SL.CCPL



]\OB]O&R(16J


*FOH.6L&6=,(5AD-7!568HQ)
M^9'J*NX?1$THOXBX+-:K_^D^X]KW\Z:`#O;J^ZLO7PS11:T[*4-611$PE%)@
MGN(12DH1FO/`PKL

M
Y^M!Y2(!Z*5A$0.@6H1$1#T6@ION45I&'VUPF1LD.,I\+&S4G!JV^\G^&#
M57&9^6.I?KMHWBE







M;5(DVBE3I
OIW

$2A

N4)&%#PHR3A10G@1D'Q
P9:SU)9I@)QT
MT(?6TCUF0W)DLX6VI\KQ!ERPD0G&#*ZYFN56$P]41`F2U:C*J1N&Y0V;*Q1
M)[-[@#F=0S@D@?8?M5U

(_Z*NS'U4Y85.9)=395L1'?MQ

M0&3)04A1ALREU.[@\7DQ6._)?#1`JQUBT-81.Q;#+.A()V:PVM28$
9(\\\Q
$4T$%!K(H$I5=3)L
_?%
M+9F7K\X?.



M3G









MDWB[JDO[U_D(
3M].NRTT#I;S\!D:2%K5H/K1`19G-(Q&&'51=KOQV*B5_OC


J2^#?


2\4GO8Y+R]N9FNG8$
M=,?;L,BS.C8WC'4GZ73;1*#ZP^(!Y(ICN?[?BY'RX'^_3ACBMKD8E
AWAV

M4%P9DL4C0G$\@90$CH@H4NF9E;Z-=G


MA()3#L$H+X$Y^LX%)X`);SA+(8G4TWK?)CYL8%X9&JPVC!%7Q[#!_5-=YH(%

;^]


M:A.7BQH-\0X33CX]W2@J



)!:6\A
D_S



LCZ76$P%I

:RX6KM$0+'H:[*6

M13T+LL;$7?%27&1ZU^$Y8V86C#$^N;@8;S[3KG'CW:*Y:R%)X"JH7V#/%Y
MUK3%.JQ_9=;^HA-9#4?X`:!I4S+A$]:+TR_[0Y1W'^L8T$+9.`RG9Z6:P.6



MSUO[[A&4/N;U3@I


M2B-7I4RF$Q)

_-22P7CQ&VC+8#GTD2/NJ_?_V+GE!9:


L1XL\=2%X*JL






M#'_ROLSROYQ-^?!D-Y4?-\_]&C[C\LUGTEF(L)-96'Q99ZD:@8%[]]JEFK`X
MNP*:(P

M2S]YHY/!2?2.0?(^@C;:@O4E@V3







M=5JL*VP6!B?+']=%R[HO2#^:55D=(712_;HNFD?;G*B^LE_OIY=5](XCI*\
M)
)^\3%=73T2Y;&[(K='I7_?[\Z?4%@DJ99SO^=GY2_GN#))%TD17X9/H4W
M

Q*Q4



HVC2;-7)X/T(=ESPWQ&X_11T*Q4-'5(]L_#K!Q]





MN%?3JA_V;:(ONQZ[*1K@;A:1T9R;Y@4WKX7X-D=#+1F@RK_KG9.O+
SYS-IB




M





MBC*[HT2[LI&8;QQ-^1[$BZF$7?1&LU(S(

SF!66UNX9



P&
M&ZKUAK6XYS7+L32





MK#3-M-TF63UW!9Q-CM*
KXD^?]+K6JN1NI5C4;Y%9`2VD1Y.REPH_$$U1?T\



MU_N3HCTQB^@EJX]K&Z/S#L=G$H?P%7
^=E;75`6\Q%=E`\S'4`0
4[

JNMI8:]3IN



K48S#&DM]X^0;;[O%1:VWU0+-!Y9K8LWTL:_K#A]'[?JRBHZ)



MNT^BSJ5(YGU=X*74MP@PN2%#3'7$5U-DO7'L$*/;


/C\3%S+

1!)5ME+VG_9YVZ)C6YA]1'-\OV8

M8H^=[:H28(

MR/PZC:=[;.55R0!QX]=
R[8=30/(TES#?.X&T.X6**1L4V(
QM%/@H
-)-MF

HS:Y9]A!-6



0A'#F3CO
M?BMG?]51&VWT38T`^\#D;J%G6;P+6X9?GF'4O$$;=+O+##^^D?65Y!!6PL?K

T:'6;






27/X@^!K%
1]LR@.FG9/DUG*!0SV'`LQ'$XQ-9&-.F3[S

GD0@7SQ8*Z]`
/IYD4K3BD]
MR$'!@%(=L^VICO`CFD&P0ZGANQ:U(
3E1:*5I!`$[OBF_F$-1&ZH7S=I_V6?




U8BWU
CYX'`?4`YON5_2'O_GF0LC*
_V;1F
M[)Y3JV62XZS[=%:X!K0\Q'R+#YD0%LS++Q.M^AH`'6S9NEGY.QYN$$/?Z0
?Y(S'?`25]:/L5#L-]
MYK^O#?=I,M!=Z!@$&+;FF<TB86-^F6W#D8=5UC2;Q^
R(X'E/8[M&6!%9NB
M%@


M



S9=Q-RIVP(^)T\;WYIR4[0E




J$
];%@V
M-#Q8OD

MX;$=;ON^

M`67V*PL&1NGVV%,(5@B29P^N_6JX?NK)S#RRKO&*%62*&IY@P0R`UI1A'^
908QKOSYMO#;+X^6WSPY+451(XIICUQ2C-
6WD(B(<&DN5I-!B`UDS7@2-

N9D$L^%)A@`

X+#2&FLPP_MQ&\Q9FK8:K:W.*+P9`ZB<?DZS

N%*I]]C:


MU[8@/]7=W#Y=F6E)_NF=%?




M9



&@1







M7J^W

*\2)O+H\6%#SF(2#)X\'O
M5TX7T;`/:M;
&M





MK^=R6Y_2P5K9QG%KJL2?*8=L&T!.F__3-+Y)G?^CH?6Z




MLQQ'VT.
S8_!@


=[/4I5G;=V5^?-U4(*D41H48'5&1
M7(%V47;0I[5:G:;\TH!Q,!DA/:#GR$5Z?JN7]7JVN+5/-109`#5`DGM;0RQ


M
+8P.M2


MC


MM*D(
-WMOH

M6Q'K`6*H4B
O

M#0*


!N-GOR*FR

A=_J

4_''O-YH=`6)5&!.*\2[6*
]






MCE`-N)


MGUDA*X%#D#.BI()
Z[!HM_A(8
LU0D9G1'\&]L+X'R[^BE-Q!M'M4+#WZ49T
MU)M8/&MY]^/#;GWWYVQ3OUUM3IM



^


M]?:

0=K?Z]FAU^(!+


0






P``BO)540VNAT9`U<CVJ=6FA%F.:3&/?4UW@N[!:Y+)R&0_#
MZCHO/]]G9:ZSU7R6IAB].E7P1CI!N--Q[YX89;QJ[$?O5-JKCC&MIY&8J4\4


M-PVE&RO
_FVQTXET*_H!80P5:KNVLUD3!T\%SBVORFE!**
:@#70ID$!:#;A



;M0






MKP-$O.:+;+(JY_O\WS]OB+(O#C;`_K(D&D-U9)&$T+3[$$3DG4
+;E:7'1



M8GE3%?;Y]F0RM^B8T6)T0(Q[IPTCTA@@&/)6-F=`(YGVZF7H3EG]*)7]PW-1

3I83RA1V/J%28<$&)V

MTGJ7H0-0J`
*G8[3/_
3KW*//1J`4=0I:PU$@D`#*66Z7B!W+JUH?^\B;M#
ME(Q&)W)=9XM%?L**.?%T0'%INA*ORGMED8+.-LND`*7%J/8NQ08E6A=`QE!%
M3?'P;;/.R\_%[?I'5A7G^Z5L]5FMM-7X4&U5,DTX-7+*P-=75=24@1)6HN=
MP6I(#:F@#H%7POFV\]6WRN&SO#MOB9Y\/L3U.

M\%@\\5.T\!':OVF.`)&.!H1FF$5+@F&*6%TY4U*B$]]D#.:$ZHGP0T*40/6/


M.*+'7AI=NC5

MK=(&;#-R8BU^4T7

0P\]<XX)XX#Q#796Z.EFS/5


MZ+_R5&#(117*.X(!AQ*+J%/5RA21$^R[T=/0KX['/T3\6DI1V_EYX\$`B00
M()X;S%/JG(SP-3K==!/
)V]$^I%KS!
GWR3D9\7H5KG]P
?YHM%O%8JC\;)
MN.D7SP6
(*S*K4#.L2.$



M!68.9@#W0H!B*'3&\7W=Y`_+)K_G'YNLS);K_+SSX_3`()1$-M(&0
2VH
M;)P'B,JTL@&#O?SODP\&`2CA?/\SFZ_R\GI3SNZSU3:JT)3YS7R]VBUL717?
MS\OOQTF=,$OP$B.OC2+8`&`M@I(V^K%F=+1KOJT#K!\:%6,!-B0?F&R=WQ7E
MX]6R)Y9X,6%@$3[NL9*6(HX

MF@F#8)9SI2`S#F!

54KLHAZGKJB

V)4<(IRX303BBN)5:-:H%\S8M=&/@GC\]B]S^X+D@YR]DD^.\8Y
MZ8QC@N-K43
^^9.


.@J[]AI8`6U`-AX-O=V$C?

M_LG\
SF]XW=DF\Z:B5ELOIYN3-


MNV2XT@
@\S6.C$F96
!T*(UF
.J]B%3I!Z]Q^&%9I6]M(VE]-ILOJGSMKZMU

]

IWYJA_6'SB@\D&_3LNH5




M\+1C3EOJO`1'YG0-P?&H\07)H-TR^Z%BF?=D_W@EP$ZDOHNBR^SV_RFR_%


89=T\)=HNM!N?WG



`=B09#[G*R3+7V1+4:'P!#W$;SS5F&


MW4/\]
!@J':(6@-`M#XT!`:)9J?0^K0,B.I2

_Q&$:QC7ASI<9+=1J6_659)0FJ42(!(F;5C_EB\HK_J78W[3[UR.G
MP@#:C`\.P*IRMQ


MD-WEJ\_%YNY^_49_S
NQ(:IK@C'^_^1=6W/;.);^+_









EUAB;X5AU$JEHY9$%7$==<[RO)JJ\WT/L\7B
M\/<X!G..!K0RT=A^:(FDZ\U_7BW:=7,=K8#5UD^\_V7\U'JW2YL^H^_K7?3

;AW\D@!=Q!HS*8`T%I$F!`=;$286KGJ8_2



MA

)`';

M]ZG&D5ZES

M=IVCWNH.%




MBF)$.7).]`JL`1




Y[8M2BB0R8*R,)8R)3
MJ2XF57NM'_;]L.UCM\194$JKPR6A'/EG$<$.L`[*BWA$YDD5X;_(P)3@_WV

I3]8JI

MI&_3+%


DI!B




^R!L(9:2J56W:CL1'7\


M_O+A14%Z(Y'PU#H
-:!02=1;HDYGSCPMUU5I=


6

]18+@O%+:8M[CLB*1ATD5+K?+






MV)]G6K#


1HBKJ'`0!D1_

MONO1&7LA#AGG[)

A
M425OZ?IZB^QL\7$VOWZWW-P+#WIY16IS`)3I9!B&@*FE$UVWXXVQ\7IF4JU
M,QA'NU''!:8&TS\UFUD*.+C9:AD5^+6ZNKJ_O=_V#4RAB*OY\0:LIQ:'^*4(
M%6U]F**ETDJ1=?7P+&H:$[C@R\HJ-C5F%L=ODUK$8+YN[5?


X<

M1XWATQ]G*=#\M=G

M)&K`&((24$N!

)



MVCC*/;=[UQK`D-F)R4
N$W^6A8(0U1:5`PTGSY.3XR\)PAF&A8/$41EO(*?!

EP`B




JSO9VT[3MK=1U8$HZ6!@G

RI0S8JB8\T1.GEU`;;EV#@!7B
Q\+C%^6P

UM_]8OV^_KI

M-Y@)Q^OZSJ-^^G5]OUTUR]EJW@ZMZ7O\?!JQ91E&5&O'N`$
&`
[


MKU
-?/_W'YJHEIZ-5\T$9V'AH.?V_%.D1)_+G%I5.00Z(]TLYH



MN

BJ


M*F#A

B`W\+V??&W?.?[;



M(R9EX*UQ

RYZ8-Q#KISCA.[
9T/4R))C

M'EU?Q#


M_5D


1H\!<4IIYR8#@5)W<@:ZUY3H0R'8HYNV;[-S?UA8_QMT_:#WYNF



M9\-.SA3`(RM$]%B0B(AD,$B*6W018.,T2+/URZ6QGLE\1H.P*MX6#VDYL2C
MP3`CC234HNIP%1%N[^C%F&7%Q4MEHI[34_J



M!
GC\0L=(

(VK`.@`3$<$YJ)U`_%.(**AQ(QX[])E)]X=VS*S
MT77MP%0)N:H):TUG*EV!;V\3SO?]KX=*/*8TVCB244%QUXANMM2G-`\*[EV
M\*F(KH8KL)P*_3^6+9]A!8-\MHBO43B.=/AV@%1OP@EEX[9RF-&G='
R8H


MRTQE4CO25-I7&@2[VM+RMOF\D_3]UU;SNVT
[%US^[`\Y3+E+AD8I`@J#XT%
MT:]

MR'G*7[5&VBYGT1I#\J2E=HRIA+0
`UCUZ[N/B^6ZYPGUY)F`.:!04&RH)
IQ





*!_X(E\C%0*PA1FV!7[I@6GU
$9(ODUG:


M+)74Q_^KK:_KL1`JS[
K=G%01\(*`CB:T_#24S!X#D!`CNI51***%11S=#
M








PIK=1W.EICIVUY:V9]-YWB\G






/?^][I`5DJ
WS
J+A.[WFL%:I6`


;5B^WV3]\YFPO'DO7[4CS]Y;].!+2F&Q;Q-





9X?^'K`3ACC
`;6`.MI])
]V%(EF'6UZK'R[\:R




HBY1=Y\BSBG1)&5%NZ]ICM;16

MMAG=:C^



Z[;FV?W










_A+STDJ!`0]\]!2\


SWA


%];E_44?8NLROS_3O[:WW






+E.CGAN@95QZZPE@<+M7..$[G!1)ZW4QF3E:5`@+87IJV6NO

.8

F?D_
^6[M5NBTU
#)(L2E


M3J^H[981MP2WZ!





M(02]%)J(YKY!JS&E%R`MN#)=JY12^THFO!:35


MA7Y*K&^HGL8KHT
\-4GMI+3Q66DV]X
T)\\_R]$X+.9:



M^=XEF42^ZC=$PK\_@W(
E!?_@9LU?R'I'^T_:.+#\7#QK+5]?
?X'O$5_]RB

+O;
C?^Z/`5E




MY$D^W(


M+.30*2
\8JV%*0AB




M\
:D(Q[59II9A)Z.<V-9YHCBRJE7

!P#27/+'ASQ/=H#/`
HI


MC;_YL5ZLU.6ZVA[F^C7PZZ.#M!@`8SB&/NHN93$3G0(RTA3C[K`S[%BLZ]R`
M%/E

4248IAB!P4T






10=DC^?ALQ[X7UVVOW4=)_`
M09OAN@1U!#$0M9



0)/9_RJWZ
H%;


MHWGIN6^9!$B9.$W3(_FQ:4[]T.IVL+?@WED!0^\)P@)9U#3C$\Z8#BY.+$XB
MG;\=G9X/FQ/R/[BW]\X+#G)E*!

M&[/3_O
3B=.%\W?-3@Z.YO\T/EI


UE$Y_

+=;2**4M


MQ

B.8?D1X2

?44


#0)20:PZDT+Q

M6'\)'DMU



MHK!V%F
)HGPS`TF'BD)I=TSAFRH8/1*3\BS_LK@^I!#PZU

MNHI@(#J0WG44P+`C#A@/%68^Z-]PBTR\)2)_J8I]+CX]FI2T&50P+^OMI4

MB$D@2Y&

(:-(7%&89F(?7ZCK)'SF1:!

Y
M!=V3(E4RVF'JZZ_+U;8

MADF/?&+0%')`!'1(XV5TNA1=R'O$B,C;Z?3UG@9BI4!X?6CGYFL!`R!0AV




R`:1(ZT`!WU!;KBRXE&7\

M;L=M$^6CFD?_/F8:-%B$&&RA'&F.5*F4UW&JYDE!(XCJ:=Q]A42O
^IF$X


[!P;E0PARTC#)

K?GBZV1Q



GQ

4EH+79Q@I
MK!B=JWQ85GM`45YB_S:;/
T7JQ2_8Z?+FR1D/BZJI^G+T_NJNP`_^I0@D!51

MP


O\;SPM';T!]'!T/C`=5JYJS!''/NC:HAD@BH/'=+

MQX

P2
MX7`PD@$?1%&T/4RS$F(SXU6NQD'6XU2)^QV

ENKWY3I*KK-SI)D1
^F'V
M]^KVOKI-V__=;-L-(?T0'K/(\IX8-!;(T&B40&P,UT9AWO@3K&1Y'I9VJ#_


M7:5




M6XMUU-#4Y\!2+%+BW1Y-ED^1(U6S9;'/OL]HZ-=[^-V=98;8+B2&+'&)Z\X
M]7GA@(6N*OJ3W!^1DHGSFS=LB1;9,SI0YC3A@GH?UR`]=,@U.]=2DAGV6^BV
M8HB#2%](+JO:&R.VIW;?\YP`7



M
(


MU6KUN

Z[&.SDL/6VPL?%_*:J;I<^8I.T
MV61V4WVXZYCFUCXY`(JYYM@R!9$R'L0EURE\BN6=R6!KL:/.3A&8K@MU1^


MU

N*TTUY0




MV6;N&WB^?OWZEYOY?+&




MM#4&V1T6+#`.6N(P(=(9Q%1KEYZU$6EMD#O7B=*?R^T$$^&-TM\V5U\Y?[

A<+]NC
M4[QC(+F_7ZOJT^@2TY08HXDGT$-L9%PL:1:I\<AZ7&5V]+H\C0
2GQ_)[6X


X7LM-

M
1<%`(GYZ^T6AE=K\@!

MZBCKO='YV?;`Z(SP
5`_@(INBGSMV(CVI8HC

T/01I'<;?#;9]M-
MD/XP(2@#)-
*
.8P-8!9NI[D6B@;?LUG
1CH4(/0PG2OJ@4N=ZI
S@[WMSO

(


^)`?CZ8'V@$3WP'E
$JII*R
MBS5+8EP\%0NOI(Y?A8X?1NT$11[+O

M@B/NSTUUX$/5_EMF!4!HM'(0$RHB)##3B)M&GT&?69Q]]


W7EZ'URYP!G


8*W]ULZT
MNIN'ZO;E



U%]:K\=#A8Y_9Y_SZ_B$P##
MR@AK092,!'E-,6V.3=(7ZX&3$=\\P-EO$S.Y3K9T\94S6XWK4O53?S5NDGA


^W6[4&5K%K07HE0SBI9.C


MF[::\P?G!$AU7!WP1HJ4M265


M;])INA*_?T+`Q``-F39



M$!


B
4'%U1]`%Y'@21(K;^?%%-[V?NSYN'5)
I_O/K
M9'&X`GZ7:8$A(9754G
9=S96C)MFE0ADNGW.F`HQ(.\#XE)$DL^?GN:WT]4W
M
T_-R6_:Z]$=F!&

PF2XT7&A^)<OV6_-<D\'^8QB
MU6O+G1U7A060.GWHQJ40\XSUBV#RI1LT=A;YA$C


&B8MQ!+3D@'DD4DE[=_%L)3(I/'T-OM/WS^
MN+@;T#?\U;65@H0+1I$&EAA1.V/0`S'L.X3*W)#/IIF!Z+2EX?_!&-^/=Z
MN?FR7OVGOGVW/JQ5P6[]OJV_-CM?

^`RN/KG7:UG@#Z+DGDX\WBW_G.]K1=WS53;R7]8
M'Q*Z;AM\WZU_BHLZ6WD_\HX5TAYQ@;AQ!'/.L4*4M-AH0^)LT0RG$9.(91X0


4G




F`?

`&1D)


2M5B8E'-
/;7AYOZ1WTW7'$^<X-*04BT
M`409X;$'6CO2S1PX$A=B

M5G+;ICHVUBX@5Z%*)R%ZB#F?&

M$E^9BG


J$IV$1HYDY;'5B43EG#?=.;3CAL.

B\5
MJY+%\IX0ESS)ZJFJD@%HG`HFD
*-A@LP#&M:)]DRLJU/WJIDT6MZ$DC.TWVT
MGHC[Z_[QJ3_J;:.N^/J@@GSX?+;ZV



1
&-F&[[5+I3*Z^Q6])


/:N`V2
MDXOZP@G@D+34AQ40*&N%\K2#$XDRTVVC12)-]\S+(
NA&J1MB0@T]L)BK8#`
MR@#O!:3M_*@'X!H.DJ8A='!OQ#@(WYZH%'SN5+B$S.#23-(]4T!K'&;2X[#!



983J#00!/A


M'H.EB-R@\\82QY(:C4(6WTF]?[?^$=2'QL
S]
X_KTH(H*A+43W@85Q&/*D'-MVB)F`<-RW2OC21L@!:-0

&*(9X9:WFV9P$3F


/PFE240.0\4


MQ+0L+2!%;D]&N`K(S$R2Z



L?BG'/)
MW3+7):8)@'XAJG-43WF_V&X/U\U9



EBSNS3UQ])0-;/35:+D-I46J-EH_WGW:'_LA[
M]R/\]D=XVYY8CQ

M\;`FBJ:


MTQ(3`HT0@;5N9V7$Y7G?6!^D$BCDYH?V.0B8JK^[1_MEY
F-.7S?;AQ!9_

$









M]?B(RG%E@K9
.++**0-


#'10:HID&XOL
M.

Z()='9-+Q'@)





ML
FZN23^-






M6`=I!AAUL[

^ZT)88*
M0AVPL(WE\9C).%_7Y?DYN36I42A$4&,VVW5/@:CV@HIX*YALZC]KRB%72/(V
M/MI+EV2.#<ET0ADVAF;M;NUFOM7QN

M1*+


M^T?.T'




M:OB7Q]G7B$T*\DX4P-N?D_#QCO`WO]UU&LV2!`:3@U;ZB1X!2(JIM(QIR`7!

M49K(9G^-?\N+2EV*G*-):(K[/KEAYDMEEOSJQ4S=MH'R*%SZW)VEG$M2-/
MQAAF.#

M]3
XP@KZ/][C!2V$FH9./2-#3S$.Z.G
&EH


M8(#
Y

MUF)J4SPG#YU[D7W_

C8!$R0//:]J.2J$P#



$L9B!V)*


Z@HUNZ&BTSS

5_WH'F07!
MO'($Q-J(.A3P4(\K;PBSX?JU\:UNNAPOHX'W
55;V'SSFW\[
]!B7S[KJ!IO

'8_2508`Q0RGF*F-=#U37/&3YGBA.1V*



?

??S-




DY
3U70Y


F85BO\IXN)



M77*K?TZM'9X)J0C[&JJ'R6!Z


M3Q\Y[RF!$D(P5)H:Q87#3'G6+(E.@+XR]%NJ`Y?*9M874%W(_]?I(FUTU2B-
MK!X8`-N!Q1_.XD&[IZ4J.8)!@JC0#'AHL%2T=KE9K/HJ!GD#?@V/7LT-:J

!


M`9#E9O@5RY^^


UGCNGM8(6UCX%5!F=E.A`^=.B=;C


M[HH+Q741(GVLW)OZ\*DX]V9ABB!

WU0T?6[M.=`Q((^F0T&PMP

['O\=M



M$%\C
1^KMZN$S+N/+]*@UV[

MH3-






MS#4DOM6D



M-YL[]CZOWFAOBDI7[.@&G3XDOU
.UXZ_CD?5=/0TZFHXB?\[1H
VW0
CSA/$




KYWO8-/=JM!UE


M3W7/OY[(
3S[R3E]
M.8]3\?L'^P2<[J=5,())?6.:(ET/3\-Z(%+X6\A.Z2P/%NPYQ($[X\I_3/D
J:T!*IQ@2E^HD2FZUY`36LZ7(Y]ETY<)P

Q&%)Q)P'-G


M1UU]G*V-Y+
VI7






1
<:Z/'6?=)HG

MS7H'#X9=WAD5(8)1\@H#(YI;4%IQ!M5`!N1=F$-IMH,)+^76'(V7E-Q@B1Q
M8C\J`R5)M`R`(V8,I:%]K6/2DLZLYC3Z3B1AM=4G*!)G-B/RD*PNDI1QBY8





14U7X%0U(*QKJ
Y)2%TM
SZ7@-UNK[3#PS:/*)M7EC@

M26:&FN[]Q




;1]8\-+P



MQ
=*!YBOZC`HGE/Q++T=@@P!B'8J.$DT
UIHVZS/4:QFKT`

M3)FK^C![@HQ/C$;9Z!X&\?[UWL#00A#B7]4R@@E9I::RCE2Z]HXHQM`8]!A
M^L89BM!`,%:,&]\I0]:U]SI-E&]G:!Q1BIIAL=L#!Y]W'Y:%W]NXX_W]^TR

+OJ3ZL.SG\\02&#
M)U4$E.#*`6-U&I;1\?_FI57V()_C$D])3V(Y^`F\^O-XFO59.FAZ?6S$2!O

=U6K]APH[F\.XS!*/K

JT&Q\319-.1[RQPI_&U






E\?)EY;?C+QZ#4E83GNN&421Z/%8B\]LPUE


:J6JWPT1=UR/-0/+KU!2BU[3

.LE(N:Y3?)_B\V7

MHB

):!I]\?TV*LUY7
_'_*ZH7.D?B\WFP677


63A+A]XB



7-HMM9



\*E^F&UP6%R]@?C=\)\DUQNRH7





\N8?J_NB7![=\*W&903%BRP@&E#P`3GG&27-









M]OIQ[D-B9Y

MS/2\V_(]H3
@D&4Q5`?E^456C.5?[7$7_&RQ_.)(^S(F`V
&.5=)+I4/](
2F7KGCHQ5<GF'4X2``CDJ=

M'?0BPDD=GW!M'W%'I*0*`*S21*IH
-5K1353B4

1P@5FE$'H)1S
MS!M





:@'1

M
VJU0%7(


M2;01`D'(/2])[)`@\=V/P
5=JS=



Z:H
MY6WKA5QNFD/&K'R#!XLIAE0(1-K8-

M]7[`P


+

M0#S)IQ5K*
BMD0\9^:!+












S1V+%H#C('!XF4`$`(;M*&8=4X01V1MO.&=IFW?)


GN7(:0KB



%\Y\H



M''U&$`HZ+R3!RD-'K1&Z*X



M

;ZU\_[YUR

.1]=!#2^KC'

ML[;MV(A(8AU*%CMTP*F,J=HYA7GP0S-S%A5FY[Y.N/GRE;OFL?[59SRYZA*
MMR_P_6^;YOWLX50\^R7#!D0)8!P986%7@HD0`\MXB;-5%LL63



N
YEOF

FOAHW4D*$M&`$X.[5L&*5


MH

M?







M=^^T4G']\-VK1*ZEV4-&BVRX3!:7S+S$M]3I:S^M%@N_6G^9K6_/
`[O7!T/

(





Z\-+!Y_/-562N(5AABX+M7%)A6UA<IO_!RH#)Q
MYH[^Z]WLM]7:+&:;4V$(`T8)
!(W\A43K2.0$C'\4A(N8L`93FOY-E)0PF2:


MIU5YF**^R&726XV#5Y'`K`J3/YSC4DKK/`54`:4I]K37'@%-.]X.]XO4K3D5
M1/B:H_NUAFV?221
/


M6W((Y^C*09IZ%ROM.O;QL0\@0Z7$*20CQ&0R`%(I0R08PCY*4E3#L+;$M5

&TZ$
.:`T^MXE'A\-@SH+MB.
XYF;8!%\HH&2JLY&DG
MJ+\FON9ZMCCQ_1RX

J#SP9<B<__P^-]L_XNX.+4




MA&'G




M
^=OZ]4F

D!:V)N:%N


]?_+@-_T^

_1=OHD9DR'*L$95O=1#5IW9S8=(\H








E)5$@'BZL-A:_G$]1

M_^'Y)^==^/+Z#(`P@P2P'D24B)


HR%0ET_=YM%*F.9
M5



3

Q?B(W\&RLR!*G^]_\'VO!BK=T4O`7@@@#/$$Z.L@5)0;GH
J#5Y


&8@MD50Y/:Q!P#(9
M5RU1Q&PT6P.L)]%W/]Y17Z/@?FP=)

\R99)KMQ7WN9J#1
M;L9N$KZ






MZ&\:#(8H+XM+TQ?+F1&Q



84;+#P%1-.H

HUCQ+
ZS
Z00=PB.`R<<I47^UP\+_/T*N<VW&;B
M/GF6+EG]!&V=]@XIB$VJ6L8TM'HPOBG.3)Q:/

8CR:=]
0B:5

M$3+:8

-5(H?WD
Z<S/G__Y^L]^\;W'?;%?S`7'FJ
M,/$2\-Z;S5BA\AZY6[P8U6=;/1BGHYWM-LLOT:C\,O;%^GC;_0V5P!HS&J?-
MO+1:PD&%`YR7^[#%$U-]VN3#5,P,NOHV[W3;@7U

-U?





M'EWJ\3J`6NSL1\=:I)2?=(PSHC##@C&%#!-#+`52%KB?L=3C:/E=6=
O#ZM?

M6LA\

+M-?R[B



[1%$LHL?7
M*#-



M%G)T[]]W=\GW8SA
O8T'W[?=W7IUMWQ8/KNM['QWGV[!TZ'X
4KDZ9L?GY%^

(&R$`&).8`]4'*6*2F2NOZ3O$[4X.[8%L0;X?O$M/^U=]M3.




[\9\AQHD4`


#EF!&39U84CA
J*K?1
M07HY^%2(&#IO:APL(/VD%]OE]L1S]84606J%F/:80&6I\PXX3_LY6F]:O8E=
M]7A=3&[';(R;

L(\2)YH\6C5QZS&X5*OYO=T
M74P`YP1Z
T*S%^QLWJ_G)L^;Y:CNOZ1([?LWFV4JLJD^;+J]$C_K]G6^4:`H
SWB'<YY$63C\






S
M9='MC
%LY6<XOR]L\H<R4
MMNYKQ\28KE:;)[VFUXJB1%;1H''\7WH!5*6UV._&JSS$B#J&11.$^*P`OWE


M;.4O-GOB%(6QI:YYMD9S=


*F7P:YG'HJRI?$.O(:XA
M@RDR!E'JI*;

M(X-[;4RM43/+ZM5$QB=X513(EA3ZQGC+)]*8;H*3#GO*1%JY44

C%20HR)E^Z+AL


B-P8K]




HR[*Y%H+RHEK*4[3==ZV-1

?2=.D.X+









K9
:Q

;-1NLDS0EGXH%HW/D=?JHT7&NAJ]V,'Z

M*(ZA`K?=^]=L^53?1;3J^].)ZPZ]$S#7&$KK%T/AU.(6[2<=YS<0!K#-'F]


MDZ8


MQQ=A6JTO(RR@WDGE/-=8-X4B:3L.0UAAFVV2!([6^KIL_*/(
:G6%T:2
6:C



3E0TD89!3Q1@4B#=9
C9H6ZL+2\]X;3^GPL0Q

0[:RR

MBRLRN+7=

M_YRL'N+SC02V=\W'$P(



V
M0DB4
I`+(!GBH

MF6BL#;8**4T5PL1W


MUIZ


)@9@%T<BO*Q(8\]1:SMCL6L

/3GK\O)



2;DZENAB%CTF)KLBT^N1B1!



=0



M];R8S+[OG&;5[/[=XU

MS(*RL

M'
6_9E%$T^97FY8/K!BY/QOBG$-$Q*%22RB`4'

M+6%




K
MU@

QW`M


MU\+2-D6)MEKIM'CW;!M^H?=`PX!;*D$_UW_4L^?+'1K.:C40(ZW0OCD+U@@C

M3BH+M8AZD.HP8XFUYXJZ)2J!I?U0+Y6I&V2;`:U+9




G

!1/5;.2B
M/JZ(!HAJWN9:=!XDQJ.6D;7H;G.AX+G_.W\7*&ZX[FJ7S\2
..

DH19:


M5B+!LW$^FI_N

^V(
MO$]
'E10K/DHYZ^&/W_I:.):Z4VE@`F(W_04SK%Q:72B(**Z4S`J?&AO3M





O'Q`/`-(;PU\$+


K


?J
M
/)Y+?4!T+E=:9?G7UJ`D'N?!?V^J.[K55T]OE_='W48_?G!P.(^R`GFU'`O
MB*&
$]-VSDE6F
=H(K#S`2'X58-6H`'$(NT$Q(1:`UVT8[?:$U#(I$WM
H)6

M:$&]CB/R&'H$E8!1[6J[HC4K+#@@@WA2H4B1ROWTN%3:OP?.*77(
0Z=HUIX
(+'JGI:PCE#
M?WB&%^JE:8X@0HR2V%FI*3&.$G4SISAK#SCOQ?JA_(=I<%0OOB*L;VO(K71
M51!$I5%:`:J`YP)CADFWI
[O04(H
M$
6:4:!9[(+AG0\0$):GQ0`-;@P/(H+408_CSCJM5O7]IVJQ^O'[HIHMJTV`





MOVVV.-\WU39LM==HT=


6'4)=#*



MUL=^4R]7]6)^.WM
HC#[;;[H

Z[%(^I9M@((#&6X.



M?UE5=YO%C_.[OGQRQS0/$6$.B438Q26



3`C

M.^FBQC-


/T:W[9I



O/:5?\7*]FBQXZG=I5@!Y#
MPC!-_EEHL62VN\2/C


_
MFR_SU9[JR'D=!4(M=8HZ#J5-@;L1AC9H%V$%









MJ/XU7W]\WJ3WX'I6SX$9C^)W1JU7#!$L.&+=ODPIS:R`=8TFVLL@.@;[?JCK




MM^O_O%G4J^HV;F+-IMK]&'?
^%6Y1R?T?__'ZK%R]L7)=8G2U2EXT`H#'91&
M&4B)@1VTTMFQLJ652
%P-&N&+%U]&IZ7L4P/4WH8*4*Y
XY)[+0U4G@.NID*
M/N%T^,(^+0:Q'EH?L_\&9\W)4M77X@VYSM=]II?RFNE\\%3051#(FJ*4I
MYXVR;;.Q!ADQL.4.DD-A7

M&_Z0VUWPAD`M%
#8(!-72F-(]X%8+?(B9Z=@]QV!
;DHCK#
5







S17I3GKGUU

MN]?]?/?G;^;Y
'L]39D]!8XT-C+)#S!+(X.-Y.#X*I5H0K)
+Z$EA^=Y29




^MQ\E6S?S+8]K5^7*VO)G/
M%F^6*=_0UOJPES
#]!HT0$8[;^)YCF/L6%SFNC.=@28OGT^1BG5CD&I\1#/6

J+\BI2+F[L5:5X=`:8TGIUY1[






M)'^.1]/=KL\3U`&IGX7.]R3_R6W2

L%#)A*A
9107J:X




M(&\*$D(B=:(.&XP\9+:G8U9'[Z.-$YP?(ZQ270O.#UR!Z&[6D1X@0P=2;N


G'NG


M4/KAB%?(UH'IKCT&GN#2+(#*+MUK#X%9?[2:4
+






M5(9ZB21_]'1KKBUF!]WWE\7D4.3=2?T$Q1E@WAJ77/R`*X&X;;%0G(QUUNP-



%1[G[(2F)S`'85



`P0;07AH!C&!ZQ7^$
^DEMS\]*H?/*?7
Y??'/(MTPG^QT=D
ME@##4CE)N-6:(`M`RMESQ-/

@.4P2R]4A1/DQ_U[D1ZZ^

M/PHTT
RK4B5G)F$?CK]L7B:H\=
R1L$(9['BCB*)E%?'*&O$Q08W%EM_-F6A

M@



M12I\;?#FZ649@'
A*G`1I2(4F!'2E[.0S*?U;AV
MNI/D#V`D4`90!S\9G%;


@.;:-3'/;Q!98%?KLRTME@S

L-%


RY(-9ZK`DV1KB`Z$$J'C$7^$0G]::GP*E!T86/





=SU$)YA3:
M#90R3XPB05')




;0@L^K^^W]XO;])GKMF_R_]\7YH6BRUU`9
M9^[*O#4:4:#8.RVT0RY84VDZE6DE:]KOL;
E


M)Z_-G

=R6W35W5_U:?$S


$Y8C/ROOWMV1`

M)FZ1Y:Q



1!)N618&@@R
M'!N+1HRQ=O




MRG+CC?2/$2+F19JWJBY2XX8&;QX+8:=%+0M*ZF0,Q)+A@*6E%9&K*0QE'K
93G&6/Y;;&LNFW8
R8H3D
MSF+B5%`4%(=')`PFB64(+I/*'Q2Z)THT8*FH:-CO8XVOO24@6TYI1JX1TW

T0^[R
M2B4XQO?=J+BD5EG*B92FG!]C8L[)G]UEUKAF0AI*KT\;YI?*.2
EFC-^%H


))E:2
O=\N5_EV

M1^4V
DD'ICWHG[IG=(/FTBJ11$RXM8QYY(Q1ACHLHDZ$DRFF8[3'H-/%WPO
M&,WC[-ZKJT2@F4:G


$<PX_`66L-?@$8[&PF^<I=\.N0O

0@1#P$)@UG&#P


M

MB+P`7ZF;?

]$2-'`*NM0*YE6NW.D





_U\BPA6_T^8Q:*HOD$``@JTBZ8JX8BF4];


M7UHW/





S1Z0`0J*
M&N^EH

Y_/_Q/



MCNNXS



XP@LM0+SXIB%]
!5.9C@U=^!96\KX4X(3AA0


(




$$.OY-D)QPN4Z:S






K3%]^OB_
MR]UV/\K?RG^ZU=V[3_M+D[Z]^6/?8P2ZJMC=VRXQ5!0IM+4N5%FA_/KTB1


M&IH+!J-19)2K#WM']R=%QG%ETA!3K)5WD/D@&5=W5@-V%.G$Z
&DAJLZ+(

M

W+CA



(;VZEG9CUV([%Z$W;]N)H'PJEE.;SP^C$X#R5QT
MZA7`WGF'4

&M22
M&Y#G7


@1J-.\R9QK[O
SM@'Q


06

4_
M2D^X9!POF/\8.82XZCH,4@`8W1*O:62?_HI7J1YHS/IH5NJKMTB0RS.!:;




*)1=!$$5X!J4E\SQ@$!QO+R7*?%I.Q%A@F@OCS+


+G'Q)DR<B6=M#<QFN-IO=U\-LW=_?BMMM


MTY/0:R+#.7
$@7(BJ09

DZ$^=D1'93












M=
=7U4X

MN)K9GD
KTTHC9\
(G^J/I\IO-/R[-5L1PC$.6=RN

MVKJN)
EAGIAFYQJ.^7X$8VT*$$.



/\LXO\N;*8WR\U?



G,C.:GTO.!V77P*B(\]E0H!8%PM

FYO'#:H^3.
M[];EM]

M$:U=2R0=L


#Z)&3
M7-3S]$*9?$.67M`[3R

MU



M#P=IK0.&8F^=0

M$$^^%XCQ@&J$H*8
(1(=

$L2U]W!4KOZ!WLH

MHJCXO4YE5%WPL\%[8!S5$$)O=5&4MA`8%EBPE7W8'CZNXT1I3A*AL1X9X\
MX6Y_

MOQ;+5?%7


?_:(SJ87.FTURV[D?@T[EL_0NI7VR/



MWU]`$MF3!@HD(+;S$


MD
MLTE8L/;'H-C$(0AF;P?'$R&
QJA
C`L2

P2]P80X212AH/4..9(9GRJ6
MC%CL$Q\.HBL:+.E8RC1EVZ$!




YL[#T@^1=5C;T
M2HW8K+JB$HD



#Y9J[:F5J;=5:9Q

M*)=\^021B)F4%#%'FC7BJ`%4VCE'9Z


-M_=6:7@X//1
\(%Z_\E4C*7!4C27S!
4O
&QE$2GI#=2VQN%`6@E+4(B]BP<C4%'2HX2W


M!




_
-=)*)X1NIZM_;B??


M^7I
-.Z!LTQ(!YRQ6'D
&&M`L:I:];/
*&D/DH]E;O9$J$KNP[
IG@UVO7TX

KOZ$G9U

M


MR\6/V2KY&3[=[OZ^F2?=93:-CV[F)S


^\O\[MOFJH53AHF$0FY%`PIAHF3@'?GOC(


K0N
HGZYI#
M%&+:I4INK[R/`@^5^+^?&&X8V


M'Z0





MU:R5LLPTD\&CQX

M&#AX;+@`X3V1J!

3Y4?[S(\1-U%6IN
?

MH)QZU=B2Q$F5UZ^F7#)@G7#+\

UO67V7069_WU
M?O;[;+





TL(&5F\^
U=?QZ+:3!9WJ:IPJU*X?Z;WCS?SQ5T'
M7KL


=MA`8
M(04C&+7*\CL5_8C!M@2Z@'V;6L^]^7BVF6@?\T



MG2

K^EA`
H:$
MIXX8?.T4!_[ZE&84C5\*+?7.
04TIXC:_1J8AYD7(XOYC8M0G`M&91WATZV=

M



M`+/*NU6W;2=8'H$10B`&I'*.




+PZ1SQ2M]^N[O0JL


[
]&JY=AMJD;

M/]:B(P^&\=-7G[8+&JL49^T*&3R]&ZM(SJD!0&.''6)08`IMLR9'=:U3^-**
M[)VIZ-!8Y3((:M`Z?&
5J;SAA'#/')-:&$D\;-8(K










N+&4F(5W?.68J7B4XP?VXK];K+[
?^]*9VP4_

BM]#)Y9I8P$K;08^51][]9^R
]J


MA\M7\=OX5LW/Z*H3(X*3'&IJ.5;&0:B
Y:]*8:1UB2)6TH?2^?@EFD`*QZ

MQ
$;@@&F!EC!C%*








M)%N(Z9JB:1QR!QQ3L*/.-1OI;+

!J?
20`^L:P^C

=($^0\08)CL0\2Z48
E2J^V=OL9C1-5E/C
M



M[Z=H_ZB`B`:*4FH
Q@PT:=9M)3@MFB:5MQ6NGY:BDT)30LLVU[`V^\SX+_&M

KY
M@4J@_V^K`*^F)!'T8[1LHIW22_PA4P2!(@
+#24&EGO#.'\]&U=6W5A.S824

F&%-ZVAO2-N43PL-:)H`SY8\/.6G











$M/M09+$CL79

6

MILS`M^^S1=W\LT'VYPY]-ERPR8*5#@$/)+60PD%B+OOTON@XBZ-7;*5X)V:
M7;*E6`![O;W/LJQIH)T4ZMN\\]_JLUC4T'S):YUY[B^AIJ67T_8@



*N0U$@8(;2!DG5I3Q7&=M],U&]2=,J=Z[262S11XJ*?X[KW\BV:++IZ
M6-75[KEM



MN/JO#P7O)&):
2]PDAB$D%]C5Q1(WX9B*[R4@4R;:M-J^L.E*_#9XK

H\




`G($;0L9(;HEA9?Y^B&UQ.*
1:1(2:Z7
M3#NL$
7(,SU1*E!8`9B@LT!\])\0#^F*/\&[C+\!+\@;-O










X

U

ZQL?7
M2+2($SP64658
U)NJ=K`2^=7I([]&B]1@)=QDDYU-8Q
7=5-+5)A&/B*H:H-
M5B?T`J;D=`B`/2I4A8@YR1S$;2WSS;%[C$TQPW^ODN*U21Q/NDM.YBB!TF-)

M'@P

M3U011=;`@4&8&5AL'6)
^

A:@4Z23?)^TPB-I@`U

!QU]K!
MT])K



MA4`:+XQ4.$83`BV:3@F!%QTC44(^,_%8(.%(A;9W!H`NLR2=%%@9;YU/1T
MV_$\FJ-$@4W4RG/6JZ)
QC2B!SBR!S);K((\L0B2V@)*8X0O/Q#@S79R-S)'







M0!AH82\#^[U;)3DW^Z42R+.UMJZ3M%(ZP9PN





((IY4\W`_





ML

M.%`+]

:'E%&%]S3M2`%!J@ZAV&)B@=



Q=I4O*X
-FM(<-]*Z*$S+
M(@;1&+Y.(B^)?#HC@3\12C-
GW$_.0QJP\CF2/6&U8H3BL-%2OL3!%&:X.Q7

M$N





MCN;HCJIID:?YJNHXIF

MD-MB8JIG7AFGJDY3RC6%)8);ADFMGCGFF^82PW6K*:K3?!R:M!+(Y!BFL42:


MUS/L-!:(Z$8#TK=99?@1T;80Z8KK%EY.RWK,@EC'!@B2'ST!X_77WB6O?.
))'&N<V<CJ]7Z]ETC#P@K+Q4C$%%NZ+A[36`]VG7G@*++)$47!5KF
M4]?R7
J.13W,F$GO#/I%_P<X;2`5-\B*GV[%!\9#D
F3J^I$-+<6`MJNZGA%X:A@T
M@)0P:'7


O[GNF8UEH<0]-U6<^-YRF#Z&B?;#'
M#

PQY:3\]N-`CX_PR
M=KUAE\`#-T-0R7[Z8P^4=CA6F)]:EN

Z


M(REH`^T







32OM(6IU8

MW3/

M^=5UE_D:

M1?+H_R$:DMR]TON]9S
Z
;[)IHGP*XZJJ`$
+
O3--
)JG4ZONT%@=)VZ;&@
MTN2U]#7`LG^Y@0@:C
/U

M5#P#1B;T0QW21$NUS:9TJ)E
Z_($%=F;EFY@ELVZ`=KA%@I1I+.J9V]\\\IF


M]=033M(J&@@






A^+;T^/C

MN_TY#]Z3=T'E]P0#_E+HLG5UJ5T``(Z@7='IH[&2?0$KH7VX1VH*/N/'DB^'

MN48A9IE83?


4RHYCT\B)R+_M'%\5K9X!5YMFIP[6
M3T&[DX




_E-8'-0V09*'MDN7B*W$5V?I$W7
LY0!8B

V9;Y3;DM#\\7IQ?-OKE@






ZJFT^!18-YTG\^B6+SM^)P7S7?D.P/

I5SK`*O?7'C&9J?B%T1I
M%',O\_W0BS*PJ3[-$58Y3$&?1$RT=3LW*HG&#H54#7^G!'+J0RYC;H.$`C
M+&@(V97PG*EH7M_M:!(DI6U:6I?]UW*,)R&+0D^L5)-,ZHN&8?]PP9!*8N^P
M)UIF'OKU$V#7#@#$QYNB=C`


M?Q3[YN?%`^13Y?\^UF5SC^A-L2ONRMLR'Q-`4=DC'
;@S
X??(Q6L)^GX70U



M`N9ZD0H1`!YG.?M9OLLWN6+*0U`8SW-+`

#RN'5C*:6S4Q#&6KHZ6*UD

M




-XRQC49AZ&<LS,_XYDW-,A31G6(=II%R]0Z)/-C
M7<I5VN9)J].A!?&I/


Y@@H6N/);_GO^
M++]:D-(X(KOJIWR['[0T(C_%/DK3V?4CQ.

U7.14TS8FV9Z
<!\ZJ]*ZDSWEHO-9:<66!8GLC57
]7*2
M1BP?DY(N0$1IH'[L)N&'L%<U'<!=[TX_QN=\0/$HY4%_7`I]K+G=:1Y2;O
MET


M#4PC]&


M
0T\F@9I-EB*@SC2)A15`TL2M4G%&7\P(1B`[@)A$)70@40BA0_-9'*.`(
MSA.*'AA*TD+]W:.RB]


)VV%9$Z@L9PRJQ[-!N9D@?KF7FKI
M7'E7WK9?8K2LWCQZLH`)EX?/0;(.[1M#




MC%_*7==L^(O61I0&SI#=*+O@:FU)-2Y=.*U3%T[KUB+[4F_`^7!S2A_.M:PY

M=/



MTS1AN6X_$3T?_-)3@=2%4(V`9D`/QD!:P-F5B7\!S0C93
1R)6PS-8ISHO!3

J
E55U47[?

MOHD;!BSE21B3($3N8
L#[J]J&;#
39U/+^=[($OI`:=&3=8Q@_'1NW`M143O




'&`Y?*HWA4G7NJE/!`F
MO23V4
R[X^(ACE+N3CZ?JF[*

G4P%HJA55
P()(]VS
M^^R7B^GZC6

ANU)/`_OG%#U_[)'-YAC/D

8DGP;8)W[$DCB-HB#N/4%Q2&G


MJ8_3E/J0+I0YJ[8W+KO;`-Y;Q


TEX@

MH-H_-F!JEG
;17.'ZO;HFBBDA7.`%J0)4#_N_LZ

$XT`[]Q$DBV[4*/X+3$7KDV6D6LL9/P@(T!T&C
M7N!V4@PS'G.4PZWTP'(*I#Q11$36E0G0)02N7LK#AO[4KX*?&+KL2
+`O

?7U=G\KP
MVL8T(

=#ZIM0(U8
M_6E,3L=@J\%%Q\_CE0XM=-XAT;%?AF@$XF_I3#DN!.V$I:5[^6F)+U9H)U
M/&48CA_JIA^/(#IT7Y(.)OM'L*NZ&QQ!H)UDEOX(.&_$YK@-`@5V)&HW:4


M6SS+]X^+


^N.FZDAJ;!#ZF13C;7T[\7+;#IS8]9

M1B0B$ICF2#S.D:4R[`=Q@U)C\2%OHU(1Q-CX1!M48L?`(T8D63(RR^?C:.GI



MY:0TY/[

M(2TA]S





'O&N:^F@W




)XA*I37%?&
(
MCVHSCSOA*0.CENSG4X7(-58_]5(_+BPGSA




%



M:
Z`
@

ZMU'

MTX@NSAPH'IF$.GQAR

MT=P=U.@^DX3^-O
S'WJA[20NM/
P]V`84R5)_YVCDKE:QY^TB5'38=H[I@



M?




=^U3=W4\]W$=^(D=^R
/+*74O%.F@7;



2/U=U0&T'U!X#W[]

XWX!7'






&5:L]5ZQ[CE5K%Y;ZZ4.F`4

C





MYNJ/:#J`Z(_F`S8F%45R0$X7[&D#D\:2^QZK#U=6JD/9.75Z-#RPR3#TF%D
MN[970N8RP
KG
M9P---=*L/C!W?LN9)5@CS0<;\XR%#QT6WW5I\_6ZJL=&I',5CYWZ:5H469CF
M=FKE/G3=8I9NX4;)*S7N:1DZ%NXJ5I@J=?Y6N@=0^G(M%

(

I*]-
M6;'6=L(@\D6$.O$3#`9YH-



$=#A7DPYNPO*R9#
M^_Q8J+4!?]4=NGEHT6Z8+YSKNB(;&NY?O3XUN^%/B.WG*D;XJNX'&$7.1P-


MA]P?KWD/


)AY!U&64#B&JBR0AQ




V;2K
'[#?VB/'
RE\_70)+
].,0
M^I:3.X&5^9%[4,6/12A,I?PS,-MF2#63X)3V?$.Y'5?]8^'3H#@JJUN$/\;


M\_Z(9F5X9JW@19

[J<P<.=T
MK%7DNO(*IP5K#FG'QYV?Q+3ZV)H!9N7<K!9AK4QL+N?::AB6W1<_'Y]RV;.
MGKP`
A5=O)+Z)1M=FDPL



5![D5Q0=4.BXCYP703=%VS


$LD8
MX\RCA2


MAB1-E9CRO*N;








M)E3(%)-%TP1*%\S=H`

P%V<']7&<8Q+#VF

$1YO=H_U*5:+VI^+=8/2`^KRCDR;2.AYC4
MS344

M-@'UNW3






MUV-QZA1#N)!98!I?WT:@TQ$


MW^@$?;YP4H'G$=688O06(AJ3N/KN1-I4]$I(QK=FN;R*O)0DJ1VXF%BQ[\0I

MH[F$F_9A)SOD;!A6C1


M4G

CQ[(AV-AT_
M`BF





M82QJ(
VU5KM

MP103UV

MO*_Y_]Q0W-2)-HMTBJTPQ3C;AA[81QYOM^;I($-.O6O8L?PO'`=CJ!@SIP

MN5[

MO&S%@CHCIEE2%

M$GRGAB1UL!2?.=8D


=-MAB397&

MM;-WC#1CFWB!'80$
S?V^+S@NOWQ`\M+'3EM!IN95I]OT)^O@R\#ME3502I4
MJ8WRJ:36LU
IJ]M&*=6BW5!JX0K^E@



$)K@=
M%S+[U4!2Q+74'#ERT@D@240FS]R[HHIR%Q`!6!5ZJC#Y`XZEG6;\5FPU\!

O@?W!XZ/F`



8#$^DEWOIG)`/
MV^H




M:6+9U
;$3HB7AG%GS+89J*F!G`7#`CL`U;9VGS@@NLC)2+CQN%`AE%)RJ=
MKQ4D`

*?;[]2M)Q/;+5)YO.@3A


#^D

MMS*+:LIM9A0*2:-T[H0_WFV62XRL^(Q*ESNA`5T^!(I?MUDRUH.UKN5_1)
M$'HA]2.7$

B




)ACR66[5@D=V(







MPLW8!ITBFPM1&F4WWEWWIH
6L3;K15[GF^[Y
;.BQ

M=+40^*&F2WM:+)#&WB!&/EZ:&2
#)A
'&#++
Q@A@+[FIHB1[&(N2I!0O_*!











&)XIF9AA37SL&X;.WM.?


MF^:.J\#U**
Q#A





[



M+E
&JI%X







/%52)DK@M%14DY;;GZQ?@
MI:HD5;%P(5CT[

@$$HFAL[[ONEZ@U.7)%@;+2Q%]N8D'1+\^

_6RZ4V\E;@O?45KM7Q_LO

M&[[KK.;R]'D7*-2X.ES@L'*9'SF







*!T:$+WX
M9Q9HMD.BO?5YWY[]=Z@&B[H=Z3V;Q']T:
:WEJF^*#VWRU6CKL5Y6S\0F\W1



MS$2FXE9+R^(^+!P@2\=LMGW2XZ3-+;Y,0&UU&K24QYO2TQ&3VJ[UY=Y9NB

'X?D]!!\A!%U
?(K#B
$`I\%VFX-%#I+3+!LC



+QPI
M\G^DGLZ6%Q=0/6?-M

ME%[HF`?1.1:
[^`=C_NZ!XE_FG?ED/73+



?X=A7






T

M=YLY#Q^EU\(QN4MNT.H#HY;.?ZZY+Y\W_/M=-6X0B



(\/?I3/8/+`0'7%

^TG((Q3U^R=E7)B






MH-#O=2F053X;O3ZQG^^+&N0/72)7Y=R66JP.;8'VKB/

M8][F/FO`?5:+?C'\8\DW_?W/T#QJZ*@HO]+M:@K]EK2_@





M
*)AR





MML2C1(THTC0$+T2:)C*FM/$-*A2ST_+Q

P['Q6E6^A3#HB/






/%1+)OV







FBCK\6:E9.`@-2-5`V94+J1PP-(<LJORU1IAGX'&#-<$290P@D+$R0
M-PR'*&%&6B

TXI3U:


*R
M]FR1@3UHJF37FG


XY
M`5

Q:K(K=B/?-_EC+8Z5O

M#
MJ_*HA+/C2;I^WT

M\OY=J;/.GQU%TA-(@]5%SB`=.T:GD#8Q.AT4/CXW=9-M;D3PT(T9)8G/')0D
M*7)8C&G@NT/Y'?\4/.FJ...!+




M`6W[SJ914F?O$Z6-Q/I1FF?-M\S!++'^9,.;=PP2(#W2GL&@U\)R-.JYW
MMGE9]JUX?'XD9565?XK69MD3_YOF^XKAE$?B:1BY?I(Z#G;I#@-#5G!G'1@

M$4DP#&C
:!3[:1KB[?$$)*%2:]G)!Y])5]]


MLNM]
DZET5K$+41S#`PXE!@;4&$4L;W?\/F8UXU(O9.\7E?%4[N)'@70@RG%

&O.VN%=A#/$&`INT#_=AL#OHGLLTF)\M
M'CMHV(H9NJ
A2BB%=

#OR`D
(J'



M'2%01N&F\L'29&\RN\8NLDY'G%0]]LL2F$^YN$'+Q?C7K'FNQ$FM@WPOA5X0

XO]DK$J@$A:&=L4X+''BIXU^2;LE+IO61


MHQBYJM(D%Y]:9$A-C:7)L1)EOJ1A));4Y&LA$:
N^G*2CT;E-EY6W_\M?[@I
M-F*L%?2=@$$/N3'Q?)KXB$5#61Y$(99_P5CM9RWK@4`#!!S1$%P`4KD(IDC0

2
A8E@1


4
M-UBWR-OBG#WLH`??5E[7%Z#SUO4+;X$OP@;0&C%[$RPSSD?V#^;RYD(V'&8S
UILLHWH@_%^<UM6CRW*S^*]PY,
M[)
'`=A/\&
PXB'2]XD\E



_@N@-9@SRK.&9P\]R^

078!\;/T9Q@A:FQ_;Q*

M;H1O!_=EWKBAQS'NML-5/?/0#PJ6!-F\(Y-NDJKE?OT%P$64+




#_8I[9A+A





)

/7+







)Z[E'V@*F:W;

MGN(T(_B15:O`2B++]FU=BR


Q\:-UO_V2_F@6?_#W2Y16*$;-

M1=

MXF*QMT6@_L.B1-E3'NW+$N7KGU_*-*]2NFL^R#?TJQW=/15L_K6O:&_0SI95




M#@

M



;:H7V5%LC?N
M/E@%B*0!8M=)8%







B`3&&?O4?A%_(G[P?SX5D/

VPW9'_DLCUQ
M.3QP^:4X/F[9G;8D

M`WW:=U!(GO_N.
OE[&\D]O=B5^$$

MG_%CCE:FI_D09]&Q8^@8=QSY3M-++8Q

MR_1J/C



MTS4CMFW#MS7\GZNY31D2NYX=Z#';#5QRL4BN`!Y*A/6C6R8C
[%D'_&^[H\?






M\

93


'[3XN;5;O(=8Y7M1Y_`K^#B_J3B

[7M#W+R]I^?-^^]!FE*0WY/\]9^OGSQE&1^YW



B)\K)=N&U8*C
XZ-*S%2'D-/0J@XRM@C\9[ZO]NGNOKS-MR7Z


MJ=6[=

MTPN@ED01-



MDX03#2A$/24


]V^U6Y#I/[%C/C#7#
*/0#'2M



MWR3[YA'M'W)SU(`N:TV866*F\7U%769RI+

M$-F

PJOULQJE



N


V['7
ME5UQG[*)OC!W\A_X7\+#X[?(*^QIOKWURWA\U9FH51?V@.]C#]5V$*]D.7%

`*3:/C?WR.=H._K8]^VYW9-@ML

F_GGQC9C+M!N
'TIF<.6XR6&4_\F<$!UO`P9@WCCWM3]U:M/Q4LFG7)EJ







M6]CG;('LO(-O`#$?)F*'57M#^8.31.=^C/`DDPV`7=%1PAZA[+8GE`
LS]W#FB1&XK@F3&)7
MTRS\*L5ZT!EG1)#S,FN5+9(<JGI@Q#('\!4)I$YZ*ELS#P5WYL'`V`.P($$



M[.]E

TBC?:-M-A@9IN.Q;2&;-)+D-+E]


DFK[CP

D(G



M3Q!#+'&2(/0#2FO:3%*E?*P22T9EAP!Z3U7F64#2C6[FD:B9$8U&W^*652/
MW0LMM`NEC*=8NI4FJ2%84OT2)
QK]
AC11):]07;G%95-SZQWI#$A_?^;;J


.:_&`IR@&9X6X




M%$
8Q6'2H2
IC1?/^69=KFZK;%/)58!G`J8B#:]MD%:)]EZ\R3NMS;A&3I
M

4)7@2+7ZXMN\Q]!_0M9G]J\E:C^WU6=WF
]`NEIL
M^%C/RI

R?4[EC7O1)G$W;^PA39^)8BU27A<2)^K
26


MZZ546HD_KXMR4R]

MV0YJH[(#L&+#V]`QW:_
70Z2Y/:$SNKVCB7*JMVLTFRG'E-WO\F?VR[XMN*T



[




LE?&Y;X'T
8)

MFCRU(-#RUL*YU'







MSY8Y^ZNLQ&'IO9&1/WO&=A6]2F,Y\:4K'EUIQXM5_T(F?@(MPJ+QW8)F'$


N1[.J\*[WS/RJ^90/\\/=(
M@
(HT_


G!)I]
FH
MJ=%E?&

@_)FU[_#4RA21
M\H=J\[OJ8[&M-B_-^=[FG
L-[Z:W=5^][KOJ(HA8`-TTCASL89(PS_7C#@%U
M

:Z'H(^AGUS/HM'J[5&Q=0ZW90
M-``G*8T*ER/$VA-T\7Z

4U(]

M$VI2
X8%NT
'6GB@QS?JG




.D;A
B5.LHUO959





:I;ZNM`M5RA9*Y
I._%\_E-D]?*PJOC7Q)KF-T(WOFGLGD/X!A!Z!



NU+`S#:MW,_6
MTK0;TVH3C

MLQ6#

4

MI[9ENC[4X!HGN.
)5%+56;@;)YTMM


O


M^V+5!'HN];J$UT]HK%0%U-2DE0L8NNA4$]P9F1RIK=UZAD7YIQQY$F*IB7W+
V(^IH@$#UC+`I?AYKG00A=!V/
MX`!'#/O(UW2M1XQ)G73H.8FK5Q`T46G8D8X'Y-C



ITB3XFG)`\U%#J2$P21T


]A8
$PN!%.Q#O0+7.?^$XH)7





<
#$&://Q;Q0+






]AN[/?;L*6X@:%[8WEN
MK`8Q@26[T5RMQ^]O`-

M-
\8P&C)?%NM)=)O5?F?_2%#P4\\SXF\Z!1@!J^J8^.*!^G/)
[3F_`V=F
MUN&ZH)F8O8\6
Z^!A#J5XUU&^%AU)S/E+]&F*3;-_\Q7V]UIA-6J_C&73
\X


@C
P8T`T@PM*)B#N6^09N#`X34%_








M$CFGR%
1Y53XF&:IG\:BPQ6R0


=+R#[NVP7WD]^K=B=.4=/)#?C9)'TKZ
M84?+9X3$?SQ_'W^T

$)21@:^8)%(8](ABSB-





1QXE8_!



MX&YP)4_`7++M3;/G27IMH#/+55ZZ'D@@W#K^^*8D/OZVVU

E]GK4\!Y&@'U?]XY?-O3J;





RJ4_\U8F3`LBM




=G$,ZC/*:QR`(J6-9=
M,A1E+$UU2HF=&S7*G[!UP^X)=9LPG7()G;/1CE



2#VEE#
M2/_;.FU;=/A:HTWDG7Y[(J

24CSA!#.^V$TP]H%_Z[-PG6C'JFW@WK5C;GV:+U^

M
#5['LZQ:?B]5=
W@EQSZU10(6@%U=.S/^YF1NQP!36-T&4)J+%W=OII1Z)K

!`D<4*3.
TQ1JR'$@JMBU
@




$_




3/Q6J[+):Y)([7]P_;737I2_0'I$0(E*%(^(1*7'X4I33L











MO2\UZ5K']K5[6%LUX




1V%F
N$



H)9V-^=F
0K=J+




M=A/8

E0&L0^8GG
193M+^.5
M!O

I&




M2
Q]GR&!1(B#!
5!UID2


MINE
TIR3*(Y%CAE4^C/.A

6@
MV1#@H#?'L

)U9.H$;DT4RD)[
.TE.HT52?$RA''$]$K
M5][4(`W1^&Z]JJE7Y;+=(A6K\GY_LWAG-D_C#

J9.R\N
M]G-)DX5B%4M1;=H%[;U%1DD88(+2`.



R::X46]?92Q.'KI#K^);CN(%I(3^RC$A'0]Y.TS2F?@T2
MAU4L:Q@I6)-%]]QA)5=?=A7S=O.'T'1(P;)`)GU=$B2A/N9AG_'4`!/?
MJ-WO8^+_Z(D?P`)(0;R:4P1J&B^=*
BWQ4(T4L7

LRT;+&5
D
ZT95')D.1Z6M;R5HT
=$C'+)98^-
-FA`P=X8):K3:[R
M=;'


M7O#M_3T%


)PJ@=#=@6Y;DU
M\YM82SEV$D_X-
766$!+.I6S*R9YI#D\VX^B33;?YNVECE_2^K'8M#][:CJ_





MK\]PB-:M

I
WG6JVI&%%T53CCUP2&



\49JJE$P%K=)6

MH3#TAEV


MTVU6-Z




MS!B'L

M(Z\-Y@\_TO(I3._QR*X10Q@YGA6Z%G)-+PX'OP5CR!I*BP^H/)(^/L[(.I1-
MMVB


-^AE[@?#

]4B:X#@*W)LCXLP+LE#)G`]30*)ZQ)#0.2H8NTZAZM_^6([I=


`/G0U3S3A;83


(P=/PH
M'=K#.G8



:@:_=WO3&D--Q[T/7#^@CV.Q34@



M-K1368WMP'M.2\F_2NQDN]I%O.DHQC?%^;IB0RYEHS/1;.FN&%-#
E=JB!:*


M7+56:*.E2+3**5[(3*FADRI/A1[QDYU6M_F0$0N&/#3

MMI:5%2);\[U8MZ'C&4%L:Q'J
;;GW+YQRL%Z$



_6'E#CL!'[NPMT+IY:NLL[AUTU`



:P5HA/
M*;(4059@/1&IGM=PTD2\G0:X'2S:S^3C#1@F`_K9`#(=T
YG$1+/;`5F\5=G



M

MV[S&CVEVOTMA5:5U]2/!7ZYT1W

6[

:*
H=D(=!FU3DU`/'2^D:OFH'(3B
M9&&/G:S5%OVG!FSC;P\3Z'YXF`)HYP#^;&9QX31A8I-=K_U:C+78@J!_-T/1
M5X0MQF!\=6%A5JUW1;4O&].16NA-6B?9KFE\G!WLE+1VJO;W?Y&\0%TTELV+
M^NA'3T599__J+KE

MX/A;D%7-A:8%J:XXB:5^3$@=3(ZW
^A+/;/*;D6ZR$EI=CX9^N$=`;`W[R
M!

-[_$J*G*RZ+^D3_=IN8+(#V$0

#RJ:06!&5N^X9BVWD-P'9.I58#


L

WD*2F7&//JJ@W1VN:
MH`9_MK@ERBJ?282E5;DU9
HKER&FUMA3C/+IK)!MEJ^U8M.CUUL)-%)K[N=L

L
J-XY%Q]%L8ZVP/!R
M[7$QZJ



!
R`!GG.
T
M1EV`-YUHHL74ZV4*?]UE91S3(%6E?J`'#F69P1=BT`,2*HWF-3XO@G^&RV

MQUST4CGDH
3/:9]SA+&MN;[O:#!H^L%8
.K/F6


G[8WI\58W:O7I_MB!YHVD&1GML&?E&U?


M+@H7(+Y\N`O!9X?QJ!9OUNLRN]^3I^A;]O`X'
VXL:XCTS-
VXX-W_!\&`;]

00(MIKN/;

8=IXK*]I_;
H_^Y'


M&)O(-ZA.-0&8)[:\0-*%\%(&M0N)
*5


T#

S^BI(SP+4

5E%4$J;&
M.GS^Y=
G\+7(T]_P?\'1)X#T5U9U5_C6HZO2?P.?/DU8\C5P):/2BYWX!7@N


:A
M\.RS8U07`[0`_H^]JVN.%

QWA[D5(('@$`;45TU6NZ/+TQD8_9.`T

1TQ55[FY1T?2N5=75Q+HV@;&QEV`L7GL






M+8Y

MC%WP88J'Y#@ZL!UFB.@%;&Z9:EEI?)1*ALXGBI/B_B;13]LBSQ5%L1L@!P5^

D#/TX#'S'::M`_=XZ
M\4



$HWW6)AU1EYEHNN7@&]`/4[B*.499'M#-KKQR51]364)\L1%]-

-;68
MDZLP;^1TLL






`HX3M)#`@'2\9NC/<Q(N7C%\+N+5RH4U=H!(J;`$
M.0?JA$W0NX`B82/-*LV.2LF8=DCW.3Y.B!OX/@XLRR912
T[JC:4C5JPA\U

N)PX-Q?$\IF/X'LO*\R
;QS[$V`IQY!#HD'A(

M(XI
+DQ55%MQ0&

M)W6



MYX_IYG/Q-?O97/W(-L_9E[)H[NN52^/8L2P2T-`E3I#8#NKVHFB
84A#&4$R
MB\2P;K$9X4AJE&'FQ:1L.:3+*1['_2OKIP?`D5^`$?L%&-'SW-Z`GU\TS%L`




_`HIZ2=

EPV+

3


MN


=6&X4BD

K4SJ;IMS__`$=7;77\3.?@*PW^;-RV_3HI`C#!T(0'1PNH#80TLS2KU#
M33)[]B7]O[*B3W7#EK%5'?S
ZY7KT2A

M9HL#_


C^D\+F2::&A(J7N(







MXDBJ0Y6RA20XE.&_?S-]`@T2O',C'#'UE5U]697+B5.&%((8X=@C&U,_;W

S

M;::VXYWL:%&0G_ZTOF$-8Z619,73RPVNF3Q=!NDUV'&-W2[G[M*?V;UE[PH
MJ[QYZ:'QESI??27^]Q/[ZR]9
M(EH2;N

MK5[`9_X4\@7XR@8^^SH#N^&?5];CY72/L
0O![))K['HP63(/\W6LT==WO+&

X?TER_
M@`XLWP#=@7NR_-AX#RB&/_.0/RDD&B@_2XFW.&

MHE)NK6\+<)'C!X%K)W84N58(/<=Q@MYD1*-(71KE[,RKA2\7PZ0\66NGU(5


GQZRZ?2IN0)TWV<0JRA/L'B8U
7I`FHCM36EU#_DI.L);K*'(K_-
MU^WX^_245FG19'VZP+



*`%6[@JP:]V^L6#X7-V@UIP_)E?9E
4V;KU03_RYIZ?)$HW

OMV&.?[U)\X=7P?


M


M@!X[8.-^F%+C+@CLUVE6'/?)M7=;

M/I54


M`;]NIGMF\NL


M





M\#M!W)!$J+?KD43XG(068X:5J
7H+/SJR<






MGR5X.#`IN[*D`3+88I;(N9CIC].)JK-WA60@\K87+D`'^2/TAGBN[.R]
CFK

MUQFH[[.L`3?IY`NB5-@^D%8SVG$+2

;CY-_#KK]/<
MP!%#JB]#@H7(.I:FE'J'5F2.83]3QU=]GMTXVO-J\3A:50W3JCC4Y*P
9`



MO?71+Q:6GX5YI?Q



MK!PO(E%(?!;S11:
J.\Y_7.!KD
LX0L5IULR7;?!:ZG7NX_.%2W&=KDTH)19
MI4[G5F#%/RNMDHO^]\_X#8S2
S$JL?2?E5GUU[+&4;IY
X)WANW4U?8I+@XM

M/XXL\4H^;18-NP&:UO?@_[F[LN6V=2W[*WSKI
KW%N?A$0-Y*E49;B?IAZ[S
MH*(E..8]



M6C
\$'W*'XN[P]WSS)=DA#A?





$'HR&HN-AYKE9;Z-@S!]L.58%8`=&O[
M#PWCHKD_M-+GA<TUQ*P0]C)MH!K-GJV<@;;.FFB'O@%
Z;-I%@\Z-7?:BM1
M9O-^3H?IHA57$L`3PY(VZ$;X20*4QRZG@T=#,8NM+S?:$S)7HM&E;@[U6;






)L[GIU79




MI13

M0%KO&
SWUM=CPL:3TSW2B24T

M3Q

[#@

M#&N+G36]LG8=.JOA\-3PCF\S@H'#5.J&@;V\*P.W]5%DM^R9AXT*?`]DJD



MX`L7/9B-G82^C6`$$C^*DPSZJ3?N*KI^(%5P2-76D@)HU4=\%ND`LK.?I
T?

T3])0



=K+RM.O)2K_9!A%;\[EX6\@-

ML2Y(%'FQ5-X$;48-*^^WHB7GQ;KSH41$7^WRK=0)ACG7*[1:Z38GKBM54PT*
M*MP`OYEJBOLU4RDEB=.NCG_4])
-3E
GRT#F)QB'21`X.!LN_\1Q&KLF)%+
M\N5T\E#N^E&
3OFZ13U#:BG8!GHE4S_])H-2CG:E\LFQ:=!0N1;YS814TKF9

7HNA
BS%S)'NOMZ5U?GR[#SL
MX([%UD$'#_BW3EVRN$_6G]RKB9.SEVYD


FU6]UVD3
M43T-I*]-]72X])KJ::-+2?6:

ZK#


MJP2C*A-7


MW`&^#]ST82)TDL1-0^2AP



]'L0_L-
'0!M`+

M2#*Y

/S





^'IEW3!MFI
[


MR35^$P/']D




ENT3Q_?=[GH-=@(

ZFD6AK-FC[(TR-E6QT=UG]PL-81



P%


=]_5AO7QSA+
M
@ABC*
XP('MQ0
8R`JXR%V/



;Y-R;!VHA=3889\
M]2+
0&K58*GV^FTE6


U*BJ:G%-F<A&9:ZM7A95;TBJ\F#M08NGB716@
H
MN1#O0[FM[LBWEG8J#G





MU4W1;L(D19`^.0

M7*UDY)D%O5)_563OWY

MONO8*0Y]#R)GL.[$432DFA/K`IJ

[
+W<?[N[SHF;_H<+\4+`LULW&\:
@








F.9
;BP_TM4/
JK
ZM/4UZ$L1QX-@^3GVV
\DRSL4?%TXL0
M2L98S,E\N<5-V:<;7[T<``W[.(L?S3GC8_)(SCSF5M)39L-_=@1'A0:)7C!,
M1KK.-YC=)'$29I'GQ!!'26P'T(W'4`)Y=.1NG`[VXS
L#/K2NW8+[KQ?/%N


MZ4J428
WM9O]K=W][
MVUQMDT/SD%$NFOFT%29?/VW<UNUS?:HO4@Q
I03E%!4T#C+BB[5QRDM4IUT


M*

MOL^.H33*44!X'F8HXCE/6&^8.0Z)SOG3CI+C
V7-S)FG4#J6)-]5-2^M_G5D
MH[H([04C@U')3(P.2)BMBZ\6PB@7(C3F/@O\+*1)2I`?%;SHB!4\U3K'F5%P
M'





M




9@GDE


$Y*N8POM6?5Z7F76VG'K


BF-#E8;8<.8-6?-^E\R-;9-O
MHG3!`NV1G8F]`0BRA?[H(&SI_?)+R;9?EM5FP7&*$2*IH%@$C$0X2.*.;($R
M;&U1&K2FL:L;3[+H_=XP.0O[.F*F:V4&:
_9UDS$4;$X8YB4]DS0S]5F23;K








*NYW(-P5D=K:\`*%F4^3*9A$/`@0D5*_8X31)GOJ):D
M2MYQJ&W9\
KOJ\_B]\MZ+?2_R`[0J5/KJ]#!5#)T]3#7Y!I00O.ZAAF84.GU
M1Q'?=E_+O7`W9+7:/2\?]_7_E^O?JN5=]5@=JOH/ZZNASA&E
2
)9FE*@XC%



D/'\M+SN7&^_:Y6GWV5DMQ.MF(GW=7MD0E(^)<


M3?





MGLU



M*8QCEL5^X2/4/_
#&MZ9+A6(@5_V.C#L7AD;?HFEDMC
MOXZRS'KRUS7(=;IC(#4XO[.``QD51H`!`^IXMB1VP4188
5?DYQA%`4HRCC
MN*_7$#]U/PA
@QG7#3ISF`6FHQNMT\8\U`+@SL^_&7ES(MC0Q\].@V

!G.D




)%BGA6H#2B8=?[

MS]45VHJE

MM_?U=%:JB#UZ%2:%NM*A-1^Y_%O.DM[()I5^S6?S)S?UWSJ77]15HM7RJ9*O
8[BRE.A2O((`RRQ@G7\`O^`^RQ$K@C02'(2@;SH2UYQQDT&


M7.M_JQX?1:05Q[KEOAPP7S/:7N

MMRJ9:[8
(YS^DQC"W7(@WHACB)HB1.0L3S+$@HC4COP=,HNPW(VD0T\J
M32=;BZ/G@%9D*0#L*&/=(DM@%MLYT#.QQ&^PDO']YE/5=W9RR/TLHD8Z`L
M1]WV@V2*..6(%9C'+

PD*7&UWYAI7
MV=V.MEV%C.OSBFYLYLH)Z?









M7W=AHRB/TD303SEF.0[Z3-^/F+VWUJ'FV!O_6[E^4'];#PBBC8]UA1^4#QWP



`



MW64JR[
DLHQ+%I0=AZ:W$T&Y:_CW5YO8_QLT#[=2B'&X&DD74


MSSV(\'


5%':
+8(X3WC.&,,9]Q.?
M!&%..]IQD(2+K^7N;FM^06)`4L?(A]RIIU4M)_6J/<E

MM+V0(DVG$X-



PX9$FNMTM58






M$([Z#H4X=CZW:(Y::W`I/]P\?V4`4D=?\C`Y`1ZQP&JO2`[#&VT(:+N.5$



MU*@TP\6'IW*WE-1_V^[W=+G;_1`GZF_+W?K
8N9%Q*
$^2&/688RG
1)%H0=
M#Q'/

`K!*4//UD^&OY]$!H7?BLW5@O.9
MG6AC)O[7C6S;$3YG[=GB3\+55PVQS9I\D57,?S2GWS3+\C!!04B@D81ISEN





MJ&Y(XDR+5$BV;
W7'XW9K?4W0`(D%1.Y2&*K7OO3:P]L8=^#%]5SV*FCLZ

M9#&W@/4$::[D\AL69^+_MGK`Z^T&7]U=XJJ=E@KSDH@A?8[W&O^L(/'Z/S?(

MS1P
\V6`D^1J?]8X-0I4JY%.?=\@(X$GZB_9(5A(%2;=K5QMR^6HR':FP_HE

JSOT%AVB;K?'Z&TG4V_+J[@O.RO8W#E%#







8;[1?JSZ_F4%Q,'E3Q'+B*)XK!$.XI+0Q
M*@Q,^6.:0\ND4SD]M&

B7MXJGE8P96J^WC=I.0

D)R)G`U\9I*W*
MM5L\%
V@QX].@HL:RP'2I*)X\^73N)K74

3
&
M.\KFE`ES!U2C2

M-@$QC._N\*JZNKO*\!=


^#5]R6W`/&
(#7X2THGDL/%



A*T?*#))*29PV66`HF@+:;


R_'9=*PL
M:(M*O^J\?#/=*B:5
[UV4P+?TOLLO4M7259]S_+;$A?/%
7'[&E;E?UY@X-2

Q3RVT7LDJ-69N*2%7R7IJ
C+./M'#!
M?0



MTKFC=?Z
'K4JCZ303/4@BAEXGK@Q_GX29_(5A724?/:PBMK%'B8_)O
E0C

MR%(S1FLSZUF#4J*BL9(\6M

M




5Y?A`7X<=F@`@KH<I%$%0

M!SI
84I68JZPO6
:*V?L58CXWQ^NP`*U*93A]

R#%]SW%A$#D='


M=G8\X^'VCE+;N;-LF3\:!7FZ/S[0[S





M5VO0]&+3=/T(1:2(!!XT+;TW:)ALUZN.MS)11L$#?%I9`QQW+NBDUV]T`WE
P/4\AR@[;#,CHGAFP/IGKR8:ZICGX@3I:4@8PLI*T71YU*:#:\@
\PFG]Z%RX+0J<53<^#$V$(D.W$0QC



MU6\5?


M0*F5Y=D)G95*'M-TS]#ZU6U)J*GPM^W3TR;%96=61\`
O4`W3-U'%AE*`ZBW
M9FT7F![KG(\
6XKE]'.29A7.ZKY;*^@3+I*J?BZ]!7HHH7GK2/\+'-=T22'_

MV?FDK0=.\=;FD\6+L7)?8J@X4]4@
D

MG:GK?4E1.#4:F#K02QDK3.[WX4AB'N*9
P@9]Z85_I0^X_5'4KYD]RD9V[33



D^/9;/%-
M$!D6B.F9%





0)#%$/?L5$
4&?2UQV!JYG$[$RJ:6.'CJ
(Y=8TI5R.T;*Y

MOL^UI4?D^XJ%J8


MUYXX]D7M7;78+





&9^5EXS7&(R%'/D5#H<0<V8




MU

M6]-_T6MGGI
-
5J*DR*XH6,D=IU/_2_0B%CJ[K3AA8/A&YSKCG&TPOH\JU




M






F$0!L!U[


_J+
Y*4UB[(F$NZD@ELJJ^1VCV+E^08SQS8@0F
8NN9D8

A#L

M%


72T*D[GDFH=


;

Q^UOCQ'U;H)W[E


J2;8L%6Q
MP0^XP[

(%
!W'##('




M]IS_5I\%#%W3=1+;#*$;IE$0)G!(PT@]C_.&@G+QVLEKN&?8.QOVR4C+M[PF



M&4B)Y(
#VKMA+=2+8+&E&4B`/!-64V3
^20#:8@X^.IA7W+5SBS/2KPL34%D



P9]C8
!&C2^F\/A4Q)N



I)K.W&0!7%BQ;:99($3I]&P-I&N6?*Y
M*!S_LGI*#R8RF2D:()3:5+*'.I?\#*G,K1G0HKJ[&%*4!$&BKT.QDC:$
9
MAU&J;]M\2UGWRV-65GFU+/
UIF-ZF7L1Q%X49)D;^V8(LPQ&F=



^U7%^`QC:#0CQ7X3*U\F`AX;/6A&C8\EOAT@
MU14DB[9MNR-:U6*+R*9E^GW*6Y@ND(D$IC/A%!D+D+())G*:.M?2?!QK<WW7
MC=S(MK(TJ
D=.QT(#C;BA85K0R]XCA2*9#*]%:%[5LU5E#F7+6O4BQRM%(!



MOL7K






4<M96;61X8MBP'[4QX4)T]G/UB.(%BYJ[VZ9^+[3-:C1JH'[=''[I#N!ZF



P(.
`-;2NT02?!


M\4-H)IX5!(GO!K#7%IB!K9;PM*BH.Q&QV/;\=97O9L=MBM-];CS_QA&TXL
M-YE-

M1SI2!
(\'/\8




=R;3R'[9=_E<K'9K+#=:+NM=L1K=N/E.W8)#BJD3DCNKIU941C'
MT$IMOTWA@B[^Q(IX6%:A6


MG4'4ZUY2ULQ

C6V(`WSCY.MOA:D

W


[NJA.!*M
Z

8C?*3#GN.ZH
'B9NIU&@Z&O5J@B$ZV3%9):D+/
MR9(TL&%BA79W_8E(LB/FV+[@XW4[!(E61KY7BX-H1`&[3M838
7'T2U
(XU$
MB%D4+W8^G@`W

O\I!
P-ZE30`J9HE'.2:K1&IIM3L


.M!/A9@6(LO/TM



4C'C./@_Z_%NLB;




M5M3H-!59
!2BS;YPW`9U)0M(O9_QN?'27HJ^/OTE5Q1FO
ZL+.KQGL$*H\$H



03ECKYW(
MJB&/)_MB







-X?0F^E4VB\1)@]@#GN^XIN?C_V+'[D7Z(+:8LQ@E




L+


M[6V&M^493!


MW;AJX;[




MRW




[WG


M+7AF3(64FB4C`/&D@V$UZ



1:FGW2


A%9?6@Y8?0\`P;128*
3(Q:F6%)E]+K$4%5$S@@SG1U(RBG966
M$7JI3R'HS^EW6THV+P.RD4'VRRB=;SM8O;[%-HQWJNXFQ&[XU%-J4U+)K_\R
M6XL*+5W+5%CRI5C)]K0L!N^S))97/\6]TQ;@_Z;1;7N]E&:Q438NEY);-=



MD&8TW\6!N.'$(Q!S*I?GN@8A'&Z^42I+JQ^/$1VPS0B='8$#7
A9H2QCJ/
MRQ5^F@CD2MAHZBQRJ6^7R#4GFM@0I]E=1FMDWA7]\=#=GAB+Q#QD-F%&;
6*



\$^JFIYO8QB:`'K;-H!LW
MM+#0

:U\W?$&E5#0P9H.*)^K-2N68E9'!V-S=

M+:L=.W(BNZT:^[%_)FU(KA5X6C16C


MVG
!5Z:JS/%4&PM#

MCXU!$



Q6R^2#QJM^%+I*?+$!1OI.9Q4NH8+1R846F2V9!
M)

VHQ/4__VUS;CN?UY+NBN
M./5RH5^)9R]Y4KG*MU7*A;F@M43NBA/^WH2`N$&;M"XHYKNJ%N^YT44$9=
MW]%#S^^6R&5(V9K@H\H%E2#&F:?5U\7_`V&1O2)\*NXV7@)V2N4JDA%*^%6


;MF.9P+-<!WC`]H%IFMVAJ64*10LD#JLX4H?R'<L+:F
]Y\COR<J99F?#S2?D9I6Q+)]


MV(S`2UUP$_C




1.CG@\79ZI+40V]

C7`8WL*H'/!U%2![PHL2R73RM6^ED)-CVG-
=^ZX<1UNP=$+-
M'8DX?[S)+`.QV!;3HXN'Z$JHO2
1:I$FQ4M`/KX&
'.#THSV2Z0V4T[+\!)_


WU/Q8




(?02@AT!;?RL@@M@C[H-)&WMF/Y/68WXA

NA/\S*K7&N$7$U95E[XKM&?
M;`VLA1ES^L]1:H!3I@T:_?E
&?FY
OM`C/P
.Q[J:`NK*E-FDJ%U;7='A&F??M@'?[+WGV
M2/;I9RK&QC:)W8
0XS?V)L*]E^4F<T14W0`I8W(OQ/GGI&.#[4UY4W8!;J`0





MW?264/9)*UK!M2V37-MWHK-
BVW^_$Q/?.*#]A*_)(6\!'LN^#C2[.6J80WY
M#^HF=R'E7@6$H^(M`WIA*?_G^





X*N#23`ZWR$DO/RE
MN?(#)*Y[ZF

^H#LPVV]
/XQ4%V\^B

?D'WF^

^S+Z**$=JVN/_<C_IF47]
L
M+]+JU^?FYA?
=J=/N70_A5BIMN]CU_20:=NF8?GM

S2L[@B*U




MA8B



M/2


MX0(Z$$C[$M;=-22YI2U8
^[JPU^TG?]Q-O-50D;R1M_`_M`MZZ!/7E#N
M_!LESUW[


QP
2Y=RP

HILU:.JT63VOD
MT[Y\TVZ^?OW


M5K


XO@40H

MH

M]


MW


M3LT1R%4O^8LRTJP?AH)
@!(W37!@)5;HVFZ
DG@P8$4A]VV?8K]J6`5[
`)[


M

44&.Y`64#22!


PV'[\Q/]0_ZS
MV#$I.
I4IGZ^6Y+A^O?N-,6H@;FQ_GZ\?!IB.56BI1FX+O\+6LJH&;IQ_H

[6J6*_;9@!:#AG.KI-D5
MCVUS_'.+6PIJ(D7-0]/%Q:P5IH7LECUCJDR.\%ZD7[M.V/)TNK((()KYO
MQSPHP@Z3H+ML:LG0J[%]T*K)F

MH'
TE9&I)=2==D_CYJ9O@_M`)]+^9?




\X=4D!N.Q

2@@[N]B]#B7
0?


MNJ+VWDW_VKOIZ*JB]XMSDVJ



+84XN@LE8-A\S/QZOX:036O2FZ`5]?QI7_!\VML^$_
M$;F\7[

V9V$[.NY
Y_9
MKDB(
C`<S+KR[1*/J/
MR?^G(V+OA-KRPS]_F@3?.@*I,S5N2-U*S^3\ZVT5FY.3Z`)57#[KF\EP7
M5!R2V+52E\`4N]BCV19*G.$J.P='`??M2-H




*#O
OI#_%W;Y-%?G3BU

;S`48R@NV=G!M@@:W$+


MB

MT&U)A:7


Q0

('1PD@3]`&4?-YW:[AG./PG87S
MB[G%[ZTB.4?N-#@!#[EG(M_





M1U9O5A`G01K$)*9VK02A*
+I8-9QHD@DZ56U93C]?2V(+3[PA2$$/4316H`R
MNQ*54\/$J@49
ET_9]OF!GS-OQ5E
M^R#VUXS^A;5X`[8
RE$734WLX6LR6F+;)O8P_PP&.V$4U6Y&GD4QFSU$DIS4@7N]'^
M-1\#X8?P;@@.<IT+D1VU
=Q_D%O%6*4=D^HVT+L6]56)$@]0GS?LU(_B.PH




M
)QV]*C``2SPA0$3/9R799`OGYB`/+&D088W(RISFID+.J-(Y4*41G44E=;Y



M24I#J/1-

@Z'_:3G012Z@9?:V+?P`\3'M[;N3C1$1W


ML'/T7!`@9487(C_JXZ@T3S5!Z4'K-;OUL_G0/4**RDW;#)EOWA;95W9339$/

MF;F6JLE3N1!54AW%J31-E10QM3G*!L
0QM!R`]=#EA\3'Q(O&`PA$@HU18G_
M^B0:([\3%&-*0%,D22C)0O8\XEL]J2X6Y)XR`W@E&XH4'0S%07W]NW;M\6

$6

\0/_$Q<J.Q4&6[/N_;5

Z%O^.\H7H2/Y.XL_O-/\*XJ



MAU(W@('C)

908CCX?X[+:N6WRS7RCV^D]ZY0Z'F^_\^H=J95?




MU2
RX_XTO$M2\0#7'FH2%R]NAS7-J

M*


Y4S;00NH#RF;RR5


OC!V\&-/;HD(=:B)B;5
M[?4(#M0



)$]*8SY3[;Y


M!7`3MZ\-=K8_LB)0LTK3-(T+;62.,$NC*S020;+#(B_
F8FS@=W(!-]ZIF

M&8HQ_ANL0L$!2Q&:JX3@8^/C\]=1_*9-N_GK







]Y$61_TJS1^X]1`&:Y2W.)E'J\!+MZTZK+%1U
MGZ&NJS4P8_#Z4(F]RK?1%E`EJ`F4Z&@I)TA9`X+=M[C:%NQXH*LU]


Z@_N$A

NJ_)*QLZ17

05ZEY7*3E_3/(MFPN4KD$VEKP241E?Q5B[J@WTQ)V58_^Y.M6,=[UFF3
MHK]8)^DL-XW38U\AIE+_<<VL:684(6-;#FY;*]7\1HO3_C-/N:EV7PVLQ8
MNJ'^2^Z4\BE]5X)POPYN24W#]N*_TK-1-X

M'9L8.B9$83V(R0ZPYW$]U*(0;
DD^_[`M@6@PH)/5-P_P
/K;EQ;5^0%?:.6

MBIKI

M%Y!
;XXGBMM(;3&U!#1@
.5UO_




M=NS.W[`[OU



RAE:RLQ@
MPOZ[HD\D&A!L/[(BJ9N=6PFN
VH/4K*]%(ETL5\NY\YB5HY*H$UR157
M`0E$Z[2Z)JX/RW+[_
)Z]GZ4R2J





B'6(QN%7N#I+4!'XSOG


M14(KQ+LBR5:

M5A29F!:/T8H?2B=3ZEP$4;1X06



L#M7BT4J?
T2+;
MM@T7^AZCF%@W_;W&T`PN


M)]0-Q-/?7!XP`?^UHET`_W%821`!RO+,V1`*6H808'RS*Y#NQ
R[LF.(ND

Z1/N?H04DI*
M




4DT]FW
M
`C_JP0O1=X
$(\WH'RB+1)I!KZEFPT]N,O2AK5LJ1JAZ`6?TX5[;C-P`
M]3&N3%+PS$3E)+7Q)NG'29-:@X]2:FB@Q@8ZX)JCXP$%1C*J5M4/M+:B7@N

M!#WH.


6XF

E6^?%
M



MUN+LE?:C4







Y-?G$KC%T?Y@UJT^][!=Z\OJ01XSR].




MU5F+EN419[`0_7U+-]WH5C#[V;*WAYWK
G3'UO.N00]Q.D7(7%7M3+_Z/-R(

?]W*D1(3NR]


RGBQX2MBB*2U^


MN!R%TRD4V.85Y[@7GZU(4]Q
&\6B3:]`WM(LQ6])-/Q8.LUU70_[81B1_
R!





*`2L;4%(M[(T^+ZJ_`=(I9D`P5.E),A52[5<3EKTS_S
M?/4KW6Q@1@^J(7Y*#S.$99E4[Z*`GNE:/D8V1AHIC3T=N9BA0(8/<=#KN%1)
MEY9,5U:QDM[O*`&S%GFB=9ZO_)L1H7S
=1I7?/3E)0RB$^;)\H72691I.R0

M=S$1;B^
9D#;@3XT(L










MK;YFH80]573+Q]@BH&6Y;8



MB'!=V:00AF+1;\\ZU2?W8WVOL$XCW^WZI/UL]%R)BG-2=\;:S6NIC.*
B'-U

BXJ;^#EUJ.YKJ
SR0-!5IUGM(^BHU
;K&#*-T?K7[E=3O1'A]XQCP!2KY=5QQ)VNJ9AS)!5F2(;
MD3BV(M=Q0R<.H@$@\E/EY7LQ5!K+.GJCA!).@H\JOB9I<IS7N'B*`G*ZCTB


U*E?V/8E-6[45?W1+B!8TV

MAXEK$9\0R_?3W=I33'S5

V'NCB@D@I]8:#_






#E&4N\D+DR-AD(NUFI



M

M$A9=ON1+10[=..#BNFU=B1:=\-4)29+A84.428HII?P&R'




X2`
4

MS\
HS-;`



MZ%!#.MI4*TJIK4S3!`'ZNZ@7.+`0C)!+2)Q:04I'VJXU8`I2OM6I2H$8/CW`


!KK:0H(.1DY7&@'Y$$*$J)[4042X@CWW=]M(M.
(TX

4-ZGQK2B7-D[/W=3='



&;ZXRE=%@ZJBIETV











`+\-9BAN_-*\/S)E$0?KX:(@E:37Z4NNMT]Z@:SK[0+_%GG/XK;

MD*5@P;9N+X19



V25_&K%TM]?IK1^


MK88S!*SR57'M_25
WY;LAWP/C:








\D5BK*9Z?3



6.Y7EQE.#4&@[%3DAHC9I?

=ZLR;U]!J0
+UH

4I4(R*%*]

&GT0`WCJ)@3+EH;HQ::D24ZKI8






M+U`LV@F?:(O[Z7T)U^(B/D$?(($6$VA!B0B\N-O&R[T6]\TF_JN!B6?2GWPP




M\:WN_
BB3KX1$NU_'1QO=_A4+0M/]/$:P1_CB

M9&O



M%:###K@=X.JV_VIQ#I28

9T`UH
M*U':$U\EH-V#PO\Z'&!ASVP*:1?UW46P_F$7E.(\]-=8X#PLW3R93H)\
M!X-M[\'@_

MU_:C&YHW+
NWU1_\$+`5\E6AGX[2X^=.'(C%,?C8FK[14(G493&F0YB/6F


F%-RN.3


MTTE=.E^KUM7QL[WL,]+WLJBP257V5@),/9XO/7ROCDB3-7L#;M&[-7(9'$
MQ28MFF[)H)O?=9!OZJ;*U\T*11'&.$!NXD7(031-ARM'LR#F*$0.-C$QCCUE

B#!'JI%R


\EBS=9_N2M__%=K;Y\GMG_Y-3T\Q\4+

,]IG_
M`13@J0D1HVQR])BG2PY29'ER8.O,3`*_JA1=8=$
/?VGHJ9'0B:]5SBM#


*-VU74/WV:3&!`!3I8H,4EG0M(LR::#-@D3D;
MD.#*6#[PPEG$P)5PA:@$9H&/$L)]*B0JEQ\;7]E%3IQBAPGR$A$J4,CFKG9
M/N?P8NE*A='3E69X&`4JA!BQ(A7'8QSHEAE.$^'P8H'^A!4&*DP6\YVJX

KJB2WR]!1%C#?CFG)$AIJ
MJ)W.%U1




M
Q]AFG@!PAE&



`FP%T
4
J-


I







1\O[?%NL
M7-^)@C,
R\$*:!BS

$GKSZ,QNR_6Q[,`=LL





MG\NO?I%=GFKEXKI5?DWHZG


'-8ICF@1N'`6$ADGB
M$S]V]E`S5^B`[SGQ64YB!ZQ@W8)]#PK6\

M)N+AMN'6R4/25(.\Z5'S



M-1&PV^8WVQUOZ
W7Z_*QZ`([V`S^'7^!KT3S0



M!1A*/\^7Z5

U@-FO@.CKV16

M^Y0;[0E-J4
HQ&Z


#L




M:J2]L%AAU#9

1Y-


K#IHZH3@


M6^W-/*K3IJ&7(A][U
DBU\



M'CKHL!L036


TL1/'8P\'(S;
M(3/D)IH[#LWAL*SG5ZUT5Z`HB]\'0
;Z)LUY0EFS9W&$=4^5B[VO
(?GY]


M&




29Y%8
ZWBF*9%^N'^HRA_]M+?-IOB=;KSCI+H]


[H+5I\OBHF_3G
MFK%-/=[



M:!CC)$B@0Z#CI3T1@R)XVMN`=`8V')XMKX%2IQAU1+E1.2:*
O;HE:4I?^



M5!0E.(#$]^@X/&K_IYF\*(UI.V]Y[?7V5_%%^F2BYY:A_VE=0TZW+


M_^VA+!C_Q%8G^.I@?[?3=KU?!ER7=1O+*_!NB.N_O0?M(+\W^4\#NYNM/!0&

M4T*+^*:9.W:=U_LKY]_=M4A_`[L6ZA0!1MEU%L.



M9551L-9H;4:29*&FX_3?C]OF*2F+'VT*UT;VC.7-8\6N;BF[:?[.[F]8M?)B
M$OMA$
(4D=3Q

MJM=]*

0/
I2&

!WWH\


M$5K1M7*S3)_7HME(EE


M'QA0?\7-BJ2:!$)$O!U*3=.



)G$%]M.@KN


QRK#)'\!ARIEFAR.5!ZMLI/=.*L?

MWKN!`4#=SIFXB;S@.T$U&3+
TV
MF=1



/#$*8]


8

&]RTNL-Y5U!C-(^X]%_D)!DW9__[M.J'^C7XR

\P?:





M`83(LQP(/=NUD1F8










M$T$-#










MZ.RK01[DK
[

69'I)&G2.ILG:C"SFJB/
M^#Q.:C-2B&$Z:?8ERXL&%_3B1(4E
^8GC\N'FIZ/W/^SOECVT2Q[5M6X)FA






MO?W@H6.&JY^XNBN9KTB3

LFCLL3

(T;+#=A#'(?/&LDB$YL3FBC7&IH(HN1)'=_KIH`R=BDL*YP_%/&NJG!!

*)Z&L2=#`U`Y]/S$CQ_&=R-N??S(

^*Z/U(9
N$MA^ASD
D(?*]

H#PZ_5)N:Y)D=AW9H@J_T#IDCQ%\^A)'\6]+IY&G-$UEC`*D:K+X

M]_Q?K_J8]*AW8?E2D_X&\`MLJ5;H)]0,[%`!'C49'V(S.X+;DH&:+;\RL[


M4UT




MY@+0)0))63;@]@$*S:RUTU`Y;R8OHYQXCOL?SF-+9U]8P^HRL`H2WNRD
K
D5#]XKR]09HAI3Z7
M#11(/P4/1H;J:^1(/T/Q7CZA@\&$;J1093CV:RIF4OB.JUW.+!J\)+S01$]N
MN5B&6B;OV;57I.TTZ=!GLLD(;\H*P_6_=T-Z::51Z-%J5QBYMH4SPK`8D3
M64S%687#7ZHH]3:I:M.MO)TAASJKLLC'_E,#8_`YSK?=8.G:!F<+72EIL#!


MU)UZN;[OIG'@6&EH0!*?&


[DN(
MJ0N_+M['MG(CUX.VX]I1$)HP2I/0A\/8!O3#55
VV9;524H8D
LM[K'QJG/.
M=PDQ[P6M4PQ

;-0*$:G)



D:$9U%*?7!











!?OMQKENCU-M)V.DN;R_I[E:*W03\+!.%?!Y6KE7T]:V2Y_FQ5U5!
MK(@_[;HX-BLG2=W4


M4BKXE.Z&/N15P


M
HE+Z2\&(X.F%F0^&R(^DF+!_WI(=R2$S!P$SL]?U'`G+TG9XUN64/%$0PVQ
M\K

MM(?)3UJS^R-K\

:XFT\GO:/BB`H]@-PWQ/@[$84
M:


MX:X




M1:CT':




M)*#W8;K;'KLR\TOI4RJ52CW5+3#?I:65=@TA9).(

]);L%[6QB]



M[:0)T(3)

MNX2_Y(0Q#/J@*A]8)2O6@ZB(GTC#8F6J;E^T369Q\SAM/B+M`95AM!WU1X

K931^3:[;WG]A@WJ9
_?

H-OH%$#^

ML*H(H9S&$








!




MFRLTO-'I7?:8;^O.I_7_?\YV.0MLVRZH&7^Y\O#MD;U.Y8$]0KV&/;2`^]\F




M


BW6R6L7O[T]Y:66;9K.URYA997T/C=?M\GF:


1*I)-.J3),IXB]W'))`C*J:VMIZ3]39PQGJUWRS
MX<.BV)7\ZL(+4\;1R0@,3Y#'%%Y9`%5,8F8Q[6#7F(BIMS]QP$8;B7$4(\8V
M.'9ATHE-HH1JSAR+B)QN6O<O*K6O:N@\N!0=_P9I#9`31TG+NM$4#WU(P/T



MD01$


4^^Q/Y%6Q

2
GVP`'==+
M@JC=M/H!#7`LPQN*(@R31ZU5MRD4G2):(10CE`G0DV




.K2Z.9E1XTLMZE9=-Y?LW\)UM9JA=T
MU45@(KS'DSPO
ZT=P+^P:F6M@;:SL_=I(*7868
_%LN^.FR[R*[:`!S!GO_.

8D
MCXZ&7Y5



PG=L?Z4!W(?RDQY;7NQY]`$G'

M1`&N_3:@N+9%XPG3/A+CP7G


MA!`'.9TL&\12Z7@E`8:IL]



:#(


_M$$O\H.,#!'EA(SP[@<1P#1A4FQZ+*GJ^^?]+79H60X)``#Q$
M`2*1#^T^Y\$?BB]WY/[^$EJH-;M+86T5FV.[<H+4YM5=007$B$-L:8UN4
M



O.[37
]G#-`_&V]V=^S_0$OE_F:
M;S:KT$


M

#AFU3.2`V$^I23T8V@G(76`Y_MAW`=9


MS/2_^?FP#8+VM=ON@]YLA

M'1I2(9?X)`@`103;./8!Z`XM(D`3Z8-2\4\V?AK:K:S//.W8I!PWQ?;Q/2.

ZNY

M9F-=.3^(A`F*?&JS(-B'P(
!9;([X12X5+;#M0:)AI?+%V4%@X51O;9@#+K2


MT'Q1.:`:EN8=)'J4^A%QXH!$;@@0#;W0[B2&861+GU*IB9GDJ$H]0!\#H
2A


3.<)@&N!=83HL*;2/18EL990^YU6ZJ87V<A**L._X





MQE;77OLS]?\[?/FJ


M!&/'A@AAU^O]

.&RUV^Y:%_TZ%FE8UU63?6+\&O_G%)[_#/

[*:I\0.OB3DA*F;P9XAUFR.!*6TJ32[&WD%0`!A

B@=9Q1ULREF
:0)_I//Y6[;5=BL[.'HP<JN+UCEZ3Q

TZ43HL0UZLC2/
MY+2N'ZWCSW6R6ES83Q83M]WULHX$_F3U(EL'F2TFM.XX5;T:3\6Y!DTB4^)D


M0#^$.66B+F%#E:CL/=.Y[#PQR6(NS



M_'H\F.`L^'C.2Y0`=7YKDBJTN:R_T0\V]9?=-VY;5P@0+\8HB8#OQ3Z(L)N@
M`26V$YT)FR`TQ8D:1Y



!4=X`MCE!#@/W
377!]=D'ULM:

D0%Z(#H4!-Q5Z4L\PZ
9XZ_X7
!_*10
M'L!(@!YOD-0'SHIVXO%`'`TWGX5*TDQKCXF[XIW8SBN.+Y8T@?N[:I8WB/



Z?3ACT%ZZTC\

M*?

M
UWIJ;I


X-C)\/'-X&@F])E!


!WHQ(IX?


M[?YR;#G*27_DEGL9^@V*SI:J#GVS%RW

MU_DNORD:B\U
2?Y



1O?\U^9
66OU%Z4U964=?[C
[1)1[0GJY5
MQ3F%%H5J3R!:J5AZV4V

M9HZEVH=T\*RO-U:2/12L8
6!BCJ)N92.-/D:V10TX#V1S/[RJ)Q::X[.^G[%


M21KYMA
0/XVAB^
(B+WMI0&/:GMX$
%J96!5V&

M$^M\.7V.-+2&J5+0&&O2HAIK/9_Z4Q9=HV)-L?HZ17[N&;33/=I[7.1UDS4\
M




OQ6[_`NU


\VF0:

MLZ]V]46YW:9EQ1H95TE@1W8$H!/X$(G=(,@Z7%C'(]]5VIQGHW#8]%8]UR








MY^8OA*@7]Q=J-&NVOU`D\SA_H9)P-?[B
F^:+3\35/^S:.[HYUF1NKVUHRGR






R_05T2$6G3$02]U-



MJFS#B+



M0X`#&+A^T@\=I+;8KKB$\90'R
_SHS)TS03H-L3ISI2BE




?_9]D


B6P3





4MKT.


MNU_`=0

PW(Z;#1@1T?U7XT



M-O/*2:S01J9CA1:]8^

B_1F7PBHUA39LP9VF;W(]1
M1_I%%I2Q]V:533):][U'!2[M.\6$$[1!`'9A0:41S9+G:=8#-;(LI-*C2

2J?
)T
2O?



ZA@V
MBJ`'$S+E\[#OAK$[V('8L_B*@'`^7+
$?6\3@=K$W?4(C;L8]A;*JCE2L^


D8WR:A



M9$Y+V]P\\@G:!(4BQZ2DN60_

4$[_VQ57IX

!<AV7=<)HL3R

MV(1NYD;@D[LS1[$H1-!B7$PF[LC:A/HI





M0D0M1G$L'^HF5


MHZ'`#`H#S!1RD'B\9E6@J-J%\7V/BU
:9(@[GP8P`V=\

M]
V?TG!B;I14G!KV%
MO48+&2^7QLK[4W$+@\=Q]H3PG]:/UP491+*ZZ==5[W:0;K;T%NPDK]<439]S
MZ/F1'7K(P$*3)0DAA<&`QAHNTPW
^I%H'D



M7)^E3%
@[A-6)D-N

)H\)6+*TE^0EO^;V#
L+W+#T$Z
P(E\



MZ!(#F;[K^780.
B'EAN

M

M412AP#5P8L2)[W2EIJ+(

M[\@_7]&WNUMP@\'-;^@[O+LF'YA]0/Z4M

XJ:.$HK5
W
M-]M?RW)3WY:[S2JTL.N'OA-;IF$[1DAL1(

MUCP
=1AI7)L`!_^@Z=\_T?R5^G!?YYL\K?AJ$.K@_OQN[85IYXU3=51_::FF









M



R$HI\'`8^HZ9X`&(


MR_2[=JC



32['/IW?'*
O#;.

@[T2&FP[Z%Y#:IL6M4N];R[UO/23/W9$OMH5.
M


M



4#[DI`


R@YO$RA@D@L



M%Z_SU%S0)R6
SD2;U/CRKHN7
H)@=]GS057OQF

MHS=D$E!W^Z9O5IFERNWVB0S!7V


M1QW;-2



+50@=[PXK)
M'9&?TUW;:VU(6G!.H)E

57S^Q3X[9H498%OWNP6H0.

V/190$0BFR:1'P2F

M`\[F3'1FL!L7US1D:1'LJW]LZM-V669IE7W:QJM5MMSEW[.PJ':WJSX\BG_P




M!A\*S&@/1#HD-XAC0TP/#K\#9V#R;(HF8:

M2\76W/\CVT-%W\5LOE(-K@W8'@JC#W!)
9N1LVK'XIQL6V7U#C/'C:GM^4Z2
M



B;Q@XIT-ZB#6A?6;HX*


MY2X5^L8@

+^MBVS=
TW




M]7X
WH`K


M]FAILP!^=KH*TY=\UR3KB](/&I[X9^$KDA9;:[0TL4^RX!=5F1-3+&JGF?
M!O
^!]4-6A[P0;M:2'
IH
!CT2BQ$-[AJCN)
`;#1@$=O88@TE)599F5+B3
MQAGGS^FSK[F(-)*_#CM1Z&&&.&R)FF.F=9#ZG:5Y%MFG`7IM?D%MGW/]&QB

MI0Q\B:0+!6`EW






=$O'LGC?^VK72T4]UG=X9G_3%^/

BK16!@%D


2T'Q8R^
FCT
;AZQ<Q$Y@&8Q$C^





MCLHM+!ZKH:$#-G0$#AY$J-&^:W1=4#QE3


Z6JBQ?D&I1I;=-B:
WY/=6\UOB<H8KI8/K4I*N[
M,MU6+T6YZX^_/!7%8S5P,_-YULY4?130/(.BCPHOJ5C3TK(:<&OL.A
18GM
MV`0GEI
0;'N&;8?-7L4X


7!==;63`E+:!(:.N
$+$)54;
M
DX





&[$%Z`0L:4&S2A^`H:Q#)J


G(F\-PIZN:,],*TJ$<ZF+7(IZ+'<LE9@?`ID2X:;I:JYJ5L#DYNSR<G.7Y



9A?U/A4:QR%D:QV;M8I-5GY.R[^RN@-AL=GD










M8#I\/

ZO19R6
M6]Y;^@2M08(8.R3R#=L@F%J)B6F'-O1=X2+UA!!'#+G?^8;XN!65J%W1_@2H



!*ZY:96
M1;2+S(^BK)R9[923.H.Y2[U/A<91*RF?MHRW<VJW5V:/_(=85X8NE84LMG*
M]A
?4\(


L\F+P&)!*



H*T3+[N^VE^Y)N7_FNX69Z


(=5GE$EX<O=XAF-%RY8,8^FP,@'/M/-F]LW`






8CBW5V0@*`_Q9R5$O8*$?_!HG




M(F_(X@%)@SGEC4(8P)F3-PYJLFV[`75#JYLZN]L4:T6%CDHZII4Z%V)B;K'3

M:%YIDB#U]
W9YSTZ@1R_]TBR

M-


M##R;C+1Y?O#4Q6X:&L346A:GAV0(.X'#V-G9`MNM6.OY+R_?W7]^?7FDRV






U.Y2@K.9/N+L*R!(+B
W=6%E]=RLN+O

7_:+XR'!.GQ'8#
_3Y^WY
TYC]X*E-Y&[34C*B'M(`Y?N:
MGT#G88-%EZ)ZIN
!I/O'G0Q:WO
J



M:]E?&L3R1E:NBVR+&OY`4$R(F87:C&EVIBQ;8N)J4(0M8F:U;#R`TQ*?69S8


M6

(FRG4IH0R@

5JWD)?;T%#'K?K=CHO0NLA6

1[NN);7QZ)


TN!\P18F/+=\T;,NP/,]CR`*OQ\0/_L,E44D@^31^H!(I%)1

MG*^O4G-

GAI-&.(X];!`^8C=8


M.BT4X]:_OQ=?O&B_2.L6@-R%'UZ[)I$6]J*
HW]].;FL2#R
TZ*
T@G_


Q;M*=C
T`AD#U/
!



BTV^4MYV4S


M1#6M[+#O$'W)]?A5V8#N:A
=P[E940KUFJFG.1IZZ4!*_G^9.?GHT+,KUF



L!J@XW.AOR[-^KUOB\[340'U3'&YL1:J%I+Z#CDY3?

MEDT?XR01F!RGI8@T8UFM7Q3-N\@*/0=$;G5Q(
.!M%!



MIUKYMC4)2F`THJTX26QIKQ


ME6E6JH;;K6`

Y#H]G^%&$/B$
3TW:Y


+]3I(G?C*/)!F?-=`ZL&W@S*4ZR@J2/Y^Y9K#
M$]%JT5;W'W9:Z?+[/GWDJ=3/IW?PB^&3[+))AHK^JZCXJHB<E8<WD31_9'T

MF29O.OGJ^`^$XA\V\&#CA!#VV0F0`[T*/&IX9FVY_DU?QS'`TW\655#FD\.
MLERL3Y_$OW$+_/BW)




M8ZO-(







MYT7[



M


`#DPC^.(P@9&Z%!`



F8BT'GIIK[3_Y?Y[;G




#74S^;Q


TB_6.2I;TPOFX0V-H$;&[P3IOU706%\R



Q$X31N6UA`SS'L;#C
Y.AP
08H15NF






M





]TCI^HZ:X*&[Y%T[




$+3U@T)5AE0SCN0

M

UNB!CDEX2Z*B#
W-SO/S_B-%^Q$

MK


MEAL*7);1EAT*)L-Z@;JH6@4_[DNFTL,-K8M/`3$0P&-I4I2:+&!K)(709-*
MK1%.1&=K_`0&G8-M2E;6T];U^X]'+=KIPKLC+
$82JXY3)T2M-:8$*2/=K6




MUR



/M

ML08SO)/;8
XF5
2_%\[U`7+.(&'OR


@8OOEDPSQ#V4!IA/2
:@?K8+K)0




M;6N)L2)Q_(SHPH:QC9]1*O;2AM?J^7U4*/HS6\7B$!J-3`@VB^%2*HRK:V







3(\P$%^)'FSR=


;XZ3Y5ASUFJO%8

MRB
+4(S/:3V+8A_^
R$N]:?V$PM*MH/Z\@M*$JH0\
AHK2W$P&(#04O)&J









MA0.&

2:`N00`Y8*
M_(P)G=M-]U0HSF[L&/(<]!P9]PW7U:[S:%*K'+S;KW:')O@FIH67D)FPQ2N

M/


M0@N+G1(22B`J&1$0J=NW(UQ:[4[P[:E#ESMOQ//44_GQ(\3HK3&A;86NPA
M(IXX`)4T&DE;=9Y0



MO)UUXAL*HJ*+9Q@&3!#@F:6X-N60*Y7(JDLKD)%*IWY@SCDA?9S-C^T/[#]6



MH&4Z]?C


\Q*V0


Z^
(3[Z_I0*

O_6L^7-U??[V7P=I]2CA\[??+;`0GG@C/$8


M/\&G"/`%I,652U-
OY!-:
CM;XZTKY+?#-B%


M

8)_*1<QE




M0F4HIY)3(VDE'Z9@0JOX_:G^4)+\F6!G3)#?[^FIR?(_MRF\!9@BQ#A#T#
@




HR:+F
/ZQ:RL/I:K8GGT0/KMV0(48Q!;Q1R#&HL@&OV



:6/9$]`RM?4Z^\=?7XOIS^=10C









M@'2NP_5DS?\?B^SQ





P7G#92*(T*@
MB2`DDIJZ[,5_)HJ-78#BRSO1ZY




JJHWM
MT

Y+

8

M2G@`92?
8)

M]4/IKJ@(72[CRFY(-QCKCU8B?/94X#R:@AXQ56$FN@34
%H-D55:C
X-MK
MG


M-

M%1`\_3$HJ9VQ'%FN&4-IJ?5-XR3XAC
WAZBEDLFE\DRB#7I:G-7257J!D3`N




MV\\VXLOJQ::/GJDM1@=)$/!*2(



MZR%TI#9U1

Z2\!C
MD6V6C5`IZ@%5'5-WS=5.6/J/L_WLQ3?N[B-MW$^;&U0%LTHFXQ.B#&O=.&
M$6D



M1HHKB=
B#'=8UIN3%*CL-WQ$.D




0Z(/6&7+%SI8_BL5RMOAVW--P\/D0U^
X



EH4MMC]GBS\7

MXXY!TR=Y

JL_%C[+:%(#;K&P/6-H.

MTW$8.ZCX

A&OI8$P
4%\9'6]'ANHM!5+(8O4;KN`L+YTPZ
M]FG./*7CGFO1/
CY1!\FF^D9038X+%-C\]#PX(6@##-):5(8@]2Z
'4NW0:




)O/B\HD!V9+
M-:SE\





M
%3&^B;/\10E[O4A`1%G3'Q;(#4D_1/%.6E45*:RE;BWJ



M(T/@








M+__^DGR/F[5/YD\9
5O^MLI.SYLQ6*M)I`N7S(-H05$K?%UIUV-S36TD!\;3

ZW+:NG=^E#]#^V6F?W`]S32)
M,TEV._V%46S:9BN+.;HD<9_^@))(.;Y0$D32L-+9,WLGV@)$?.LC%M;NDBF





RT=



M.!J'L2.+Y%4



9E?;R+WZ_)V
M$E?Z@GDRZC,$+(#TV@/+(JH,6






MKP2T`@-HM012*+-%C%C`4L.`
BSSE#633Q-+5D2VJT)=1W'ZN)C_+B;SSC9
MR9/6:DL[I9&W=:BPQ
HST2`D6'++I@RK1V5(W%/%D15AMV_AE]NB6*J[.C^L




MG0.II78R\G/G3+=4.0Q.N-I;V1_?VMF9,1Y@+5D'B*B$*RN50E5+'4\K(9

]F6*(:!V?;U
MMI@7D]H?V`/9=I
%RXE2UIFZ3)K&FA&[.S%PY%*#_#-R\6;+M60I#$RU'@@6




M.60S)62R#/+B9)?K]H39@N!2:0-A/`(K0:5G#.L6$^12+Z0R\MSFR\M4*63%






MRT3K&!4@QD(3IC&3GG.+@.:L6:-U
C7&/D




]\*##D=WQ47=3*'$@OG=VI:(IS:;P%E

$PD)`$U+'.*@/Z%K8;^B.PGKJI?%
<8T<(9VH;^!0?30%V!J$:Z=*H^@-N

.Z2:)JC\'&IN839;0%#2GX3FZ=



M3D\F#'4P-O=82$4L11P9RYM]ESJ

MWEL.ZJ@KYG6S(@)-:H)#AMSIVT=T*I;CL^-K_-W]CJ`7A@2O(4926@OJD#J%

M?`X9&CSARF*
E:(V8L
TM[A9@.#^G)P^)\NP&A3;
3:2]L9;KQ;EK%@LOA0W


:







A)`(IH[6T

MGW^6W2N2+1GG46*@)W6$Y)=E=?F_.Y?0Q77K)]+%=34OOD;C;A%ABHAU!3X?
M.U?@&'!LL!'8:ZV$DLZW3N[XO*DUQ#/*UAF*=T-C_0I[W;M9?.2[+3S5:KE+
MJMZ6O3OD-CUQRF`0


M
YXQTAO




Z4,%<#@W?4Q*G5
M$`Y7E')#PEEQL_;MG!T7!Y)$@O_JI5?D:QRSN*VF+V4`[!T7`(0



B'X`'D.?[4)^N@-[;+E8]V&H%]2ASE*F





M5)#*1LO5&&F


@


C;E+:;?;E(D7=7JWWLR_O^QOS7U5$)AI



M68):KD%[:GIX02E00W)@*#R+7D.Z^'Z?/QR$P=!JZZR0R%OKN=2HI364%U1[


ML!P;]CV6.I/BR?
!

MWZ8






L%#+.

FJ$[P)C4H8P9!L[2VU&Q#?$L%5@+1AP4VG&DN9#W-@27ZX
\_R)4I^):
M;X83/3#
$_X,)LO-U4*\TU5SC[^J%:S%%'?4/'HW?BL\0$Y;1UG+OX@^O4

_=E-]4%^QDSVNVPNL$0@Y=(M+WX5%@A
MU5YR3DEV)NG97<E*=/<9V,8[!L#%PR*ZAD,$HPBUEJN/-2`6R9D`Q-G)-^/




MVZ96RE(R4
;(F;B56/&'36V6-]LDR]0)




:C:E*OE%(.A1(N

MXZ?CG-2&

M2&+'6XD$P;EE)288_#DNG?+P+






\))
M_EZNJNOZVW+^[^U4]M0_&1;0=6@@&$(2OQ!O@

0LX);Q5*8'.MI1

*1F-
M

9??\9#.4I6RNZ

UG`I*A!R600+`;B@E+*2/J$RJU&8O]V(&!R-J:5+K71
M8RET!Y/V&X3

3JCSH2U!#52

ME#MJK(-4

):B4%3=S!#4N4^HN]@A0!(3D

./1I2(I[`0DO+%!&2
M6

+SP=(
14I/$%54L`@#
MHCU6D2_'D#%=Q?T7]%DN8E\@2^DG];(3
YX^&@RPR&*-N
8&.&F5=DV@J;4`


M@RWT8@6B7F\N=FVVYPMKF;SFW?+/0+'0AM?'I%2X3!5BFF(6!*V70[W\GF
MN+BL/C#Z1##@EJ





M.\?8LD8%NP3Q/J^JV?IN];N3ZOO\X4`UMA8I[XP4$F//'&OL0XY0
G[50;FC



MCT)MDC]^]?-4)GD^6US5ZZW5II


`HU0H6!!D



MYSU!:(.\MQ`0KXVCW'.[MZX#)F]([E$N`ICT:$MS3-#A3P/H]CQU\2A#




C;




M-8/H29Q1\'PMYKQ;K^_.9LUN4+`IW)P11Y&*:IN$H
T5!40BE7M#FN!)
R)C

%]2`

M!T8$(23RE*HXD&L`#9(DD8V2W2N/7F=I6QB)(%Y*N0Y./=9KV9+5/:W#E




MH;#^^-7

$J#EN
27`Q+L.+/:I
.U:M5_7

8;


M%1*Y=I

8.L1H9O+$GYQVR^_+C\-%M4'U?OOO^8


L38GC]!ZIP]
^=J9V&A]L^H`
M`\(#)P710JO_8^]*E]S&D?2[[`LL[B-B_^#L[8B=+H?MV?V)D*M8MF+*DE=2



M2Z-`=F!H=R=/Z;JKDUH(YYW.0AITNM14V6K[^S


MIYZG-AF


`IS




M48`TB9P




M(D`D+!`H?VX/ZA@B;;0).,%VP0Y0WA0#S06F$WUA!B77`H2M0L.%'UY
IK


#A1YS&E4:J6B@F.O$&V7(R<TU[2X)._J
M*,+O9*C/1)^_S1?+59T*)R[\J'[VH]/KMT/4?-^$$NOG;.41EG?CAD3E'M'

M

@=Q(I\MQIH[-RA%GHP17GW=?Q07V-;E3#HK-]X(G-*XHF!

M`LJWRFE26






Y*[Z]R
ME[,(AY[GUS7C3P&XQ!;2=O##;;6810&K?LP/*<E[GP^*.$.B$@:!-=X;ZBCE
MNW%)[T3V6?^$B=-S0M_BQ0DP%J''KGM_7ZR_5;?S^WEU9Y=?9_/%(8J\]4Z0
M)&Z)2!,/'+6$:TUV*?KC^`S-/X*?,$WRYO<U6P9M*A`:<_:NDB3IX
Y*Q#B







M%P


M7^;?ZLQS-_=_C__RS


RV\3)B7WZ





.F




$7@[9.


MYS0DY

MEU'%;Q@RE\._!'_[IMK&2+.HV1//

M##C#3B!('*;`*R4]?A+IG
AL3?#:PR/&1KHX\[JR*AB

N

8`@CPWH-H'W/@*;&P6?'2NFP_
MQ`3OXI;@XWC(GVU'[;N3AJ@J:F`AX
A0I@3`KLF.3*7S+-?@F^#QUSB
&@+5


XP(TL6QFY.AB)V`^06TLBXV]

ME:





Y#025@QEH(
M#




M@(/O!1

AVH)]@Q54


M\]X2RA3QG#HE87-^'PN9O7%!U@@])I+(1+



MR_66!XEDW?VP()F`WDGCB`


MJ06G2!
#7=S8$Q[W==T6CWI]/F$#I2@_
9&]W?ERWASTT??KN.&8[V.T_VZ
M6/8MW4G/P1R!YEN$B!HY#6Q2#YN9(!



MS@N!9?+YXA3+0I=2P\GHEN#'OHLFS7#;/!8'F'-

M$X

`
(*E=1@+;82_EY5Q$&/7F_-UO-G]LHQ#O#TF








M$HH>9H

L5-V4<T$<5XB*;DX(%4L[

6))H76+AFPHR@D/%'NYH


MW-XD@[N:!X.:$S_N+.30*2
\8J1;7!$;D.]GVOPX5:AU=BR+G$FUQIZ^ZW[\


MHK1ZNH=X/87^$\M3GA

E80PB(2D$!ED0+M3BI:B(YR'9Z)
M-C'V\&P'V

MLH(Y6/+ZKGW[7E74WRE8)[E$7&.KK(52:I:#0$_`PJO.:2VEX2#
0T@0A?




MSM728[&\:A^D4
HQ1)1BF&('!32/\V+)Z:$G[[;/0)\

MZ[%+P



M:0\



2H!X'\J+']P^#/O[D_EF'`)%1BEHOJ!#$0DNA



0P1BQA





K


M=
FQ^!




#(@




+6QSFW@1

M#Z.@6Y1718O-\;B#TY!9Q#02UBB
Z:/_W0709\@R7(38UQN=-@+TJ_;
7F

M@4R]?4.T$TDT.+$EQ%MFO-6P#1GA0I(SN@4Z6.)'


R]\1Z!=EI8ZF1OS=1)DB+9NA3
.=CS]^6Z


-







M9(4UA0T0ZM=*C/20X6G(&`TJH5M+&Q+N'6.B/9T@BN:7UU\ADLAG(A)ZH)



39))RK7PU3;HX^Y#/?^]*7MY^%;X


MXE#S)I$_C


M

+GB68TJ46:?=]GZNK[:V98Q/W[.H7@+!0.
FY5X0TFA
;WFE/#I+=
M*)
_R



_L%US8[:9Q)FWVGGSJ
M3=O:VE)6DM/FWR\@B91L2R0%4C2M3F?:Q@%HXL'#@W/#.4UUT(],8Y'$Q\K


^E]XYH'PTM\BU5\^Q=56ZDCB`&C


M$C7)G+RH



MT-Q;5UTQDPSCW.SI]D[NJDSPW615W/SV[J3




Z2'BL;.6MYXO%_*]HH-5&5%^/#H9JCZQFSAK


/)B9(`V'J(RG:702

M'.3VW63VY]7W8G&SF-RN:N]W/AL84D/MN!A(`(\B



M68FM_6?5C``=%%&%4I9H;X64D
I*R:99E-DE-GY_22Y4(Z/%W\Y+HX


MM5&85QXC*UFN_^WD





%Q)C%@5



X4`^\W^?)C[3V^:UYF$P?
M?RU6JX=UB8TC/M$3GA`(5(0CQZ0`WDB1DDDKFS5E@%UL<+N;E_-\$+_!O=9=
MZS)=S(K;:<KZVOQP&=?EBW6)RM:G:;O'!425EU'O!##^!RC@-2HO;$;Q[[,/
MU0MVKP^(=Z]RZ]_3U?U]\7#H.&PW,6`H@4%::T^B6@%H[(L^:``8=F7IB_8
M
7X69#-HL4?/M+1?[R
*RP_+Y5-Q\_7;^NC=$O4(.UK/#\I38[AQB'M
&79:
MBLK/;Y7


:93N4:VV]Z@^)_?I?#:__;R8SJZGWR8/

\%BD.^;;9:2;O[E4&?T=IFZ2Z#SP#B&'






MRR9!VL3NFD!$\$A)PHX2QFQ$

OOLGV

MO9LEUY%:ICN[D=E[`TH_=M-]C([/#E!12C2QUCNME$_%L]G.6
TNJS;^W)R/
M/50\&1;\G(R


:VNR+6^-/KNF3




HMVSK2\.-;D3$/[7%R
/[VN@L*



N


XOJ'^GM:Y_O<'Q;5=Q,E%8E2A,BHREM$E*L0,?3*)&]AR_+






P#=L6B$





MQS+72AN]`[6G@[$#EF\EE#[







M1KT.



4TRKE4E_


`6
M.







-QOH
PP)J:R6FLNX+K!BW+2S1#Y0.=D`_GJ
M6)





M%Q!;$1=P=ZGW;OFOY;J:W==3;2;_8;E+DKNM\7VW?!

13EX+YO[KQ7[C$ZN&C%\KC\/6.2@Z5]ZB9,]`V-2AFS!S,
MP8!#[,J&]*78M6G78/]4IB/#@R&$H+K$9UU[6$B/D&D1]1'G?(K!P=Z\&L@
MU)=3H;O=/$E]MB
#@P0Z`Q2DEL/HCVM$&H-%


J+'Q6^IT7]L+FW
OA




`\P40T*UAB/Z7(L3/)_A##!F-]*3ZA



CVKD`1






@8-Y.H4!C+RS6@BL
M3%RG`M)F?M2#J1<(R$B`WIU3X.\3')%CDZA`EKC
)


MC$G]](W5K=H\?_:+@N[1X*9S=`!U+SFBG(464QO_S]@F#@
1E+S97`6+3A7[








(QQ%X`2%&[$*F&J7E@HTR./P.SSH9T
1FA@7PNC@R`L^RUXLU)'<C;IX-04ABI/!%:


MYE!;3Y&ACFJ%VS-K`#&=CD4\2

@?_
D.:AWBN)Y!R5TSJJW




MHI@!P&24XI

G1NG4ZO#:.J$=:C.V`31(#;.0]G
ATN6&MPR(LNN







MR\5J_:]HF

M(0PX1Q%T0!/MN7M!TRJ5ZLZ
NM+7
'/F+


TJ9K7
4`54Q8*8@66I)FCM0E[UVCO%4^D_0/<6PPVB48I1\VBV6UV:CYGP^+S:)/





:W

ZA@?VF(-!S.%/LCSN!F-5NJN^AR'NT=


M`_
.U&T0.

DD.Z1Y@\DGE+&`KEI1*G-_^(LZX-9OWX7-GD
M8W6_$]_FR^);0DIU]PL#!L!A[H2AT3P'QEK4U'
EGHGDCEH0C(]EY\RVSHYT


MC&;))/VZALG;SNM'F')X4`!42N(EL!PZPI&H0Y7:&0(ZH4N!80(^4FYH$*)O


MC#KM/`



G.I
M<G*W^E(LGO]ATU1R^;'J]7LL,S+WG@%ISZ%A4@ANH$<*&N,K?!RUV6O(`#,

MNU/9#5PUIV\;MP^(6..$@JD4+TWMBSBK5:$HMUPGWPCCOTS^0HRC`?]E3T
MN%_
H^'[-%*3_UEO$Q






M

G^/?OQ7UU

MJ#2#W^:ZV-4._IBNODS+W_Y5S/XN?IF7JR_'4CXS[Q@P$%Q@I8$W5$BE**P2





^3PX
XQ!







MFL\D
_CF.7.N?`^4\KX$U7XL\Y3L_7DT:U`3]
VU`44[`5#E!:(0*PN=U=6J


M?9G?7G0_E+7&$A&8EJ
RU5BYGV\K3-60G




M-=
FQ72[U



MCR7B'-?UOLE./;,#'T.,W35R%PX@S@!#A




MN0S0.10X.@0X24A/B'@=%S-H#,U;8',KK$Q0*=$FQQH\_F&\0%QNJQK)Q3
M0P*FCE.FE0%`






M+/5&I%(_EVY-@1

=BM)R7Q633

NIRBVD#U*Y(<K_^<S8=

W^EG
W


H#J2MT`2&Y483WM-RT)A0


M;5L`]T&BC_/R

V=]MZGJ3`AXY
XJV8EC
_U$@\H







/%5Q$YB;.C[Y^&@.'-N!/T\\62XCN^^


+?2H&I&G)QNE3=\?G2IUEP
:!\4V;:&30V%







MIM8FJ
-PC\69;;QJCQ,EJ_LU9TMD8P[#Q2A'E*B7`


M

MLW?)K':0[8



M.TKV/)C&^
-1MXT4FE18SKQC\
(BITQ*3(N+FO:
U
$G(SC-;1$_P.#?Y10Y












M^/M].6F5H0R$@Q



)G5S.S/KIZ

M:\]UD7N&`:.'*T



!)!8


S2]G]4R1-^-1)+PC4ZEI5-W;8Y.@R''*C+#&&QY6B9@'Y7JM

\LT9%85QA(GX89W]M5NLEO?+HH[+T=?Y
R^Y

MKKCPSAAK;(5L?/.^2=9S[N6DZP7G01GVKW11Z(Y[/]L1ZZ?N\&LU3R)LL`0M
M0AIAISREP30U)0Y2HS.4[NGQK6MJO
6\'H`?E(!7V??==K
'!-:&`I\8E4!$

M

M]:U=3O^I\?@4A_40?+K*'M.GV_*;\

M!F

L`.L^BJ@

01%RHV#F6Z0:Z]7*]T

2*$B&`=


MY7`P


!)`U&)BRH:P(#%;0UKY#6RI75D3FE/+I%\V51


M-%@^D-#JXY9N3BW8.B9(C?]H(($
S]#?EP]?^Z;H/Y^16%MDN5((!2!:2BJ$

M5T12*($U&NIPO&)


MV_)P[PV25GC+D21*
JFK]5D

9


M1^!

)QQ[U`1K\.HL(:0

)BM)
6
2`
MP!8+:S5XD;VC


PK)L@B)
S\]?WA5=3A8(

1TZL0]2S#C'.^OEODJ
MEJ5!L$CLE(F!EF

B61HG\`BN2HCI05^`P3]I+(-S
(Y'L$EU=7%)W3S


MH@

_'F]6MVO\Q^+_.Y]
MI6



M1AD(-




M#^GVTUY



4E[0$4DRA50ZC8
IX#L6A5;FB





JNE5ZQHKBEU]6%1

M9M=DPH2JHB8Y!81A02QW`:%*N770U_J0N[J:GN
FV(
`ID#-%P%)9_#QQ2R)
M@1)JA1D4T#*.$;(





.2L0+)V

*H/7AU!K(C.^)@@
M_WKB1NT9UA7V@X0$_?JFM:%B;XY))`/&.$-\YH3$;0QLKU$6MFW32@`ZF_

M`S?YXB[0^

M++(
%$7$N03221QM:UJ'VLO3;)0`^:2H?(1B@O9:A7H.]5=K^JG'WIW5/P
MS4DEIMG@1$)F%81

/L
JOPMFG^5`*G





[]^
MT)30IU2[`;1^D\V+)5W4#CG`_`V0^
BTS69$J=SVXX]U
8ZLL0=9!PD]7\

HL]98
M'.E6B]H:.\JI2BNW=+@&$]/K



MGLZC]5AX.J\#
D*828*M





GL&

%I(F##``G&:O+
M7U%%&JV.$9ZKW4PPP7;T2[TL*\:!IKK9/


MKLW?6J_H



MUX+E



F7F%XH/Y


MXPU&





M$U

M!%&F(PA=2FJ

-

F

MU8X
[[]6JW=QG7Z^OIG=_[N:K?(AWM


M+V=9
_S*.E^FM_
%IL_%LL_U]7J:_U-;Q9?

8ZC`K_7A@A;[3^Q6]P323O%?

''+4GS93!3'E@'((8JH9V%.=&/$[HYNL542=CO?KGR4CI:'\WQZF)9^S=



XDY!#2V


()Y




D8+4C!@



S!?M
M


%]@N'HTP%Z
M28Y
N

M`:FUN.H@O
O:


KW=$HN
M[C1.X(Y*KQ'F\0_UBF
!GZ(_+9(NJLZG=MN(M&A3B;_;0$$)S(GTEGH+HI81




M
M$)7`6EPZFIYU\+E@'3'QT[B1$B*D!2
`IT_#BO7OGAD

MZ$L5K84&=





`=-_;
`_DW!F&FUB\?7^\!E3-@

CM.D-P

9G`]/8&/;_Y%U9
M=]LXLOY'=[`OCUCG])Q

4%*G

?^

MOS90Y+P2F`&+D
?



[4SRC&;QAM`QG:85^@G*OB]75
);Z[T$;
M*YGA#

AZLJ^^UJDVVWOV1/
-*_4<`U4ZVI@ZQ'40_GP=WLV-YIOG


M5WPI28&K'TH^X!


M*8'-R^N:8/WW(+0T3)!#8GRGE8KK5F7IT\C35)MS@CEV[Y/C/:@-\0U7ZLJ;





;FWRP#+6$T*(K&
MOO/,0J6KZQP1`IM:6&7=DO'9


&PT
MEE!(2@!6
?
M#2SJZ)YJJX051L






MN\\@B80&8D894XQ!K1&K@E*\\[?K
$T_]=W@*N300AF2AQ?URPYZC:LK\M%B



#E]2E)H%[

MBISDPF@!(WVAHD!4



MSZJY3+ZO/2&S^@ZYG9-\$FY#R/[?D?`?]Q]O2O^;YX*W%OL/.8J6B*::LJ

=J
X-3

9@T

M2H:?=!,4A1S*5%VB.`.!:VGKEF

D

J\]-T)PB0KL6?W-VI2`]

MI(WZM^


M%YH80.5S-NDX$)U:/J&]:S??+=8S95E[G!
L%+6
VF&1W=`7KNAB[3L)P`C

%2O#I-T_B^R/]:;2
-KH:7



@I$5Q0I`0H(FE'%+N
M:HL)PV2FM?9QS$P?ZP3N(8ATF/#S*
V'1?&472/2^0;!0$JL9Q)83BC6R
2O



U02&/
0$8.8`I]$X9


I
;A
HF
-E5&5E]5

*211EM!#
L&6@7'B#
M&2
.6Z6!X

4


#:<D0A?&K

MKLH@WM2#SCX?

EKD/PY?+V_.9*@LD6
MK8

*Q%+P$`


M\H_EOU\'MGG040%X7.VVQX%?4.3O[C=0*\K8;(*1M5P`1#FJ5%!-+9V1%Z='
M6N3C261B6_'1T.EF1SYV%@3BP%!




MUURS*G)!(\)2HXDF5$]E+$;=`?-].][QG2=#B1KA[U_^M2]6VX?5\D(!J/:=
M!`\A99SQIC7!#J;7UJ8AU

%AK

MZ2%$90H@B:6+AAQW@F&#*NW*&`^&
WEF3KY.X.]H6V\2UMZX;1#$4TYH'+O%

'5@M;
MYK6*LT%Q
MK5FS?A/M4WU=XO/F




E*3RR2`%J)':]5`FY2*39!*W0@C^O]((]'I_=%'D':

B
ZK.T14I&G&M




F?
M*(U$V]I1I*PN
\G;+RB)M.-(H@B1%


M6A&(D5768NE]F52V+EH5_Y'#'1'U?E29'[



MNKCBHNEJR1!=89(K%1V)?I
4V%
^**-![)]3/.DWDB]E49+PSS?*
@&60D

H8@49-;$00(8

*0M2
M'6.')4([J;6LO]X.H2'8T$UQ;6B`\S:)J.:@ZDV`E;J#B*:#Y8+,H?[%?+

I*(C2CU


MX

TEN\=GILW)D:6@9H









M7=-KD%AAJEGI68J

M0]=^:=DGZL
R\LP)S

V.6KSX:^-[0(<19H8AEA
M'I3!M030*IU8_-RX_;Q_(G0FL$L$2$8T@0!J]J\R2=OLTWH^C;Q63^NB*O
M7HQ8O-PH4$2ED%A8@PS2EEH-8#T+E+PATU+6-$@1VZHG4/

M$$NB(DKJI5'3Y$B(#
^VN]XD;L4RTTA(JYE7%D7;2!%%F21(5F-P2HPH$B%!
M;I=B*%OAEF\

$;0KV[HA9)
MTF5DW3H`##A!FC!M.&'`1/5'U7`Y/*)$*WV9]VC/`2S#J?PY2?ORQ^MEG$$


M#2SJHQ00#KPWI7.508_;(,T-:%ANS.FH&WSY9$B6;*^N8L2.F=!LWBDF6X



M8_75
R&'IT9_A4V1WFD@EG-.-;1$6HP-@Q95/D
$.9)ZQY[A1M*G:38``:D
MZ#%!Y2^C:>;AN9:!,N2I=L`#+R'T7'CR
M8P2D2+4K


\10HI\MO-1N_';TA0*`-]AQZH(B&
M'BJ#:NRDTC<X*K\_<_8^F-Z/CSF5]1-46$L\,*:4&IZ3#E6S6'G1Q1
/3C+

[$X+7H(3%GHF/:,:HB:J)
-M=H`ZHN=AIB71

M+=X4C++$*4B!07&3(EHY5EUO


A

TX_S



KPY[(0];Y-E#BZ!(;2=.JGHYVFQG*SGJVN3^+Y^/I05



H3]2AG-^6H.@
UR%7F_)68SK9--/F
M=(/`L?%6

M5XW*0I.Z7[T+GK05[*IS/`?1BEL5W:

:&05@D8)Y[AW%(#J^RDA.I$/&;HX
MWG-+2L5[
+ZT*LQG(



[B+M#IPB)B?^\YC3J\KG2.:N@D154*A4(A(0!&/X[*V&IA&

E97.,5(-9T]%RKUPC3#
M3?==LY9

(M**NGMJ4#'9U\ZU8SU=E


MR^^-U/U*

M079_3HL

O\ZW
MC='+/;PM`



M%]H!8ZJQ02]'%+`RX#K4$M7NUI@XQH
2]NM*6V#D^5LG_^MW=K3HN,0QZV$
M%3NK8P+$Q=86B^P`O+4L-P

_




MFRR7ZZRE9S_M9N=HKUR4













AGV!<_5+?%K&HU





88P0A&A
OY,3M_C.#MLOU;K<1QN)#G\Y``2A9


8+8'=%7IEA:-4!ET\1T%@)O:U:T`NG7P\?-(

M#75$L$;-\^RFSR.\'U\

MX^0(K^
7P^(LR8R5NYN3YK`PUFX^(%A/J8=6.



M
WDH5Y-9Q\1^-7I@A!J-(!.6`

M
-&HB15FB?;/T:8<2%@+4'RV(H<J^-5^)B/)E9';`[3U)C9;.IEJN;
MNT^36??F[.W(P0D;3U46P8FR<1PG%T-E5*6].YA'+K7ZZ62.U]H8R7X'XMJ



MKTD6_RF\+[Y-9JZM8\P;3P40KQ7*@=1M6!$-$-6\KGGL/
A.\A\A7;H68]45
MJ-U3P;4W:WG]2
,,^J-D81::)5BMMZOLB)7//;B$APDI2J3F`;0I?\N`;!

HMG66


M&ECK(O(8`6RMK]=O=':L^M&'[

M


YFVG]&[^]E1WT&O_BP%%G#21//Z'

M7FJ*D1


MD^N=.CI\\\*OLR.450\D7X=YZLFRN$V!!\5\N5Y+)G7?'BQ0SJDW@B`O@4H1

M=NWOXST9O9=0&81)G4-^*2D.#&A/87+:8(-=\MB`3::0`@S;7)


X^T0YW&32U%%:7






E/GR0X+1%


\G[?CO:4KWWXA`
\%0\Y0P*G#

)LM]

MIHYA*7!V^;E8W.\ZW@YX*VC

M[I8;.\^?@]X+0IA4H1

M:0Y_%=





/H4NL
M47B:`7@`](?@Y.O)OKFL_4[/8X8)!@)HO#7(.!?!E\[*.B@!:@!S:ZV.Z+HU

3U$A#DD$F$7SVUJ


]TCCJI/\HEU&245F=;?LV
M[+1RGC)H4)!9J+06@%%KA620U;E1T$5L+]\*.A#!!I5#!OEV%9&^C[MHJJFV
MBOMHLO)O@D(_5UO+X0[FG3!B8$8:B@E`$(F4I4*T;Y:+&
TUOH_(^#H0[883

;(

$(J!0V6DMN*$


M)_E#M9S





V]1
C_+5

MOQPV:30O7-1S8


M--3C=3_&T]5]U7JV31=$MKT$ZIJUH;;S314?
0DO.=\@&Q3Z;;KVG1[Q/[
M'!SLJA`\=`99ARS1T/NM)N9]&Q)OD6@7Y-/_Y.0

IJ.





ME^5\$?_[N)'4\P#8Q=
@%W3H*BS4CA=-3O$/=5$<-ZQL*S





=[:`O=AT`@$!#Z)7`BEE.

]0G1C
V'BY

M):LG3K1

M$+*PE@E@&-O-RWN;ZL7ZNN

M-XPGZL2;K
MQA1X^




M//



RN3J'P


EYB*#ANAY^1.P&'*Y[%VS9
M)^()A-'SR?U#X4?CR72R_%DEFFYDR;''@_8(:<BIBJ.&'@J=*TT$VALZEDU

MJ6F;!^3!E9

MY5L'O08-D-'.&PXEQ]BQN+W:&B





MT[

M;6GH;X=X(F'J
ES_M-;L#37-EMZ6O02-)

O`
M[L0YB=0?^@FDV@[C!9?=FZ2H]G]L['5F=*;J9745Z5YZ6MBN8B;D6\)QI)
MZRDRCU*-+C?P;2&%8#EDD)+J=52%0_UG%$'^

M/.4
@^]

MN'Q`:GB?8FY@4A*^65

V9


N
@Y/[

T6Q((![#'=G:U6DY(8^KW3


8!Y(G%.QL@0RC54[NUC:-/
M%;BO_:

=`LXX




NJ;)

M468#/

MF`=

UD%AZ9074$N@


Z!(CQQ\N1#6+'X0J_ELLES-*Z.UG_RH?CHC

MH7L3Q3=[F



M





M)

M@D81G%`XA3BPKGXM\TG9RT88J=-2E?`XYS5?UX'`4-GA,'
22(9DS4:9ZU







MO%0GNO.-D;F_E^3:DX#.DOH.IS8[R8?YXT*3\'3P6LA#9K%PKM99$(+K;
M4%S-V3S,62='1S,1NA)O
#VO3Z^G;P8O/1Q5.:^PIIQ9HQ*V6WN_FA62R




$19$@);S@M6@PIS0U
M!CCACO=ZB9D/_^R'Z;F':!0*Z#C198[Z:J5B+91J=4\!$F-SFQ]U


Z%4@!!*95G$
1E55M%






M;8+



QP9!H&#]12X$1K+6LQ:(#RU8MRK8[AD
MCGB1[WJ$_?P
=[21Q2G#
PO&^


M:9E`J6K6!

#@S#*


MY8U6?JTTIR?\^#;8GT=E8:R*N)15:M\L=YOI_DRA;P%##:`]M((8*0N)/C
M#_&
GJA

M_29CEP&:#D

MP7$27`BFV9[1@L['OS(&=XU#A?
+NK[40






MVK@
2OVGG-83WJ/PT_V&'Z_T:)KDBV




0@%SAGG!%E:[]HHF?H\;XKJ
MP)A69O_0C\%PCYM4F]6EN:E6_[^[?Q[@LP.C

MLS

='9L)


MT@[N]E[.R[RXY[[XEZ=
$<%#7DXSK%33
H!A)

M4G).G*P:-WK$^`

;V\7RPSH:TNO\K]NX[K&=L0G<6!4YJW1B`+%WFFA'7+!FN:44)E:



\=2-TR?Z??B?^3%*O]7_K+-]NM'406(@M^J
MNA!!=

J-%6OW0N1\-\-)=DE-/'*W(^

M=O+R7;$JUU&AK'=EJH87CV=YWO`XI&Z-N(J





!


MOV&;8PW+CN.1(%R\_ZVDF65T]6\G2A+P1L3AR=B8`
:
0U
0I[3P1CM3K-

MXL\/B+.6

MOS#1H
MPX/
MH*KC:XAZ





M:F(\=S9.O]^D1UH;

M3:;XTG#



E3&*
M4#RYV(5`L3&^
CWK#1J6K#Q/-[S2+UN-A/LK*GW#678`'7(.^:PH]36';81
M`$[5J*=HC0W%4`-C/NW2-UX(Y[T@/JX;`C-6/)P

F

SV#AC&([T
ME34-

MMLJV7@4;M+.(138$*CA#-2Y(B51M:KHNSPZLT4.V?SNX7U^V/Q48:1T(]MA;


M`B'@(3!K.






Q=


M-SD0+#4(93G7(EK.3
D:
B1U:_C&N`M2^@MP@HVK,EM8T)I;PJOWFOM=\!30_'3=2;VP`0]
M`)D2;;\H#N9_-;_/F(6JW1L!@*AB(RV9:Y8BF4^5X=/UQ?5`TRX(CG&VH5Q'




0N-OGEQ\7=/VK%C.JL?A0DN(+RIBKXM-O)IWRY


MV
J
ZCI22I)SD_OK%Y1
6G9L281$$&3T89ZA2*#/::`;C]
5-A9;I&M\'&?!
M8\%W68%UP?%P-*D:V%K/@#UEH^W

&W7G?J)-[+#6Q#HC0.$[`Y%$2-]J0
9[]ES%F64N:%T?I'!$26<U;RTI7*I8
M1(&4&P#[ER'V&9;/DN0GV^6I9XN[^I)078GG^/Y@#Y^KHNFDB3F+
I3SF

P

^AM7E01(IB6FLAB+&.(BM5Z_84


M5-13)8W75H?@&+*LW;:SF`*;DLQ2
5RY&!PIJHO;4R8'Z;+_2*4
C;
A94CP
M.+)I1C0U38.TM:EC28G%@DOAQQGVSR*26-OCR`)1^TQE)//&6B*#!QQ3H%

27@


MO8[S9)U#GRK3]_(WE=5
@[:*(P7@'`3OFH2;$&-3

M)A[=0/KYX2H%'T,B%!44.JTL[RQ$7$!IE3]XGQ47TJ[G&O./*H_7[XL%]NF
MFA.$?UX^7.$@5##*Q#&5*!'B1(O;@94+0J9#D'/@_$GTYTP[%K%[/?]!!\P
M\TIH%8+52C+NV\4`PGAR'902%W:'G_)RPY6PF/?NH7:DMVQ4+T6]1L@3?UG9

43(PXB5(88^TQM`&DP1





_];?9*DZD6Y.XF\TL
MW



S5O$
MU0D*@6P@-O]7]

M[H[M#O+^MEX_S`YE#F_\H@*NC-/:
8^$U

M@Y[W#YOUYF9QMZV:L%G-%^OY;6_!]K%O5D$'!`83H0.E8($XUN(EI$L]`HS1
ME=T%XI=5366Y^&

T33^4
M
!



M4KDRQN-4V;AR

M&
\AY9QS+H!%$5'WP+=`#*9`C=8D!$RBS_%ZFZ^QF)S2I=CA

M6_2_[9#:EDI[PIVA0F)CL)-48==2@1L](7G/G.3-?Z#G+%ASN-E)I1;:[NSJ
'VWW/S?;/-Q=KO\:S'_S\$-YMZ^67F1(!@+3A<7Z7C6#;E
M302.?SA66<XMRD%OE&[Q^ZX;5BN'O]7_=RA*PYY&U(I(S$''!0)7EC#/25-

4)S\J8\1@426-+6R





UF=O?'\CZ^YCZ:YN/-II=C)*=_

YCY_'N_UGUUZ_6FV^G)(



]+D@`=@X/TG\V_GN-IYJEQVBH&U`!3CCQM

M?UG%O==
XH!]3
)JA17GFOL$2`F:NL


M[1MRC/1'OUUA*8@F@5.GL`F




M18



I4:+TU2M







7X.6KE'









MDRH$+;1U3`:II;!-\=#ZZ

MH8/2S@&20E&AO






M;6/9/YK!_?*(J[MF.6TOVYU7+%E%5ZDCB]6ZN./^^@$ED56NDD02(BE*Z8=D
M)39``?ML``?`/@=Q2U


MAQPVAWX[&*8]$HI&?W$`)-Z;G#6VBH__NR^NB&30=FO+IA\TI0\'L^CU^;
MS]8_AQP_)QL1I%/44V,4P)`)*0NP_V,((2E7I^,T3V[D8'4I3U'G7WBUS2
M6R:]VA\-R%`J1008PF)IMRCB72)LN4\5%H]02WGI$3


8()1PH*!4EP'(M?`DGUB!U.(Q0@WF!X3!N8X[:'W/_VL0U









M;T1`]/&YMU)%&^U#!F




M`RGB+*

MCYSDY;$:\T(E/S=T-11J9^UF#$K=I8VJRX\IBN-\OB/=7'R?(A.YYHHKY2
M`(01YHPB@FIJE


(O
Q4==)%


MTEH'#


MYM]+'_3+Y

M!GJT?@'[&NG1
PF`<U1!;W51E)8F<R9$'6]1QXGG(&@[[


(5ZK0;I$/V'I_%LV
M6V1_9
?3
;\M%+A62%D((Q=LX`Q2IX/11-]:5'2(FNK)-WA&62`.CS[&^3
M.A'0BS)!

M?BM?K=7B?G_H^[Y!QNLFU2.`WCAK)
.1B77+2/QB]ZK5GJ'O-Z+G+/.\GH


@#T&^LFD^PF9GQ7'J;+U]H+I\VN%N\7_Y;+'^/78L
M_OD)^K7\4B!*4:A\





E






J]P.
`4C!,2A92#O:R7.$U(:CS=-4QW8SD
M\_[X$'Z&6F5B7+%I0!!)&(F)47,D;*/.'H\-S3;#[`IZ`[I[+ISS+Q$J$
M@5!,J^I-

M?NR&LM


7II$-(








AJ1[_&7PMQO416ZSC980(`-=;I
M
D.:8M*DTG$*I!:-@7]#TN/NO8FL=\'@VWVH5376;QV?YTDV7FEX(!6R@X



K%L%^;VH%8H7UEC'L+4?0
M$<;+)QT($Y8-=H$R_-AL:NC:^FY8`X:L;=MY;[-3:/U7M<)5@!GF9`..&.Q


10$80TC*-1P53DN
M3`



M;8


0X2&MV@:EL&
4V-/A^=9+A3.Q]T


O?D3;Q)875_/%?Z]GA8^?36/1(AEA*B%K/QPL
MCJ9@7EF#


M&J_CU&)4])&P)-[$C5S93\K@#1VPI!JXA42D'9C7)Q%1W#MH:2$$XT=''/





M4_]6R+$Z@0K#C10
26LH


MS%X


M5X1BQ153GB''*!5F$B$J:^E#




MU?&T2K1VL&8H
G-KY^.ZICVTF'OFRVE($%;_KOWU;&%3#=U
SY



::(6!\!?/E6OR
MB-TB^D]^MH@XSPJU]5Z(U4(/6_N5H+RRG%-!%

4.J1@R4.BKL;.!+NAQ9'
M5]FN(1]41?MYFBTFT5-OJJ!]63X8K+RT#-LC6=QK^BA+OM%@$Y]FV9$5.K5
MVL?4M&=@/`AW]LW[QV)59%K_-HM;OEJ)P[$ZH4@VJJV37&B+&6/.V.?Q!^0M

=E]F.6;U;SGY_^G[UK:VX;1[/_:!?WRR.N6YGJ3E+I
M[+RBU!:=J$HM920YG?S[!6235FQ9(D$2HM3[

MCRR*/[PD3_Q5^*WZ





8*P9%LJR

MS+[M2?Y;FPK_+N\)W(F45G((.
R(XUHR5^












X/TM!B9:=]P!C@UHPDL0P5Q76TXU+#-0
M14Q'W$KL^&^+V9]16:;88:3KZYO
6A1-M7U%PH5F1F9^CA:PY7SNG$%4H^6
M4@&:*Z^Z&PGOPFQK7Y3W]J``K':&P/B@M(%I1AT(0JIAV2K^$TS[\MK_-
MJWXXETQ5?9S]3(HU(O*H@._N-@]QTUXMI47.JNVK@I$$$&P1D(9(IX2TIO%B


V


7Q\M0AKX86V





C$SQ'55)N


'

M2\TPK
'F@




M'PI
L

M4&`*;2


)(XF&]
M1F!-;LYI0N&4P2@R'(QE
@;C]#V41OOX52#'$)'

M+
HZU<4!!1`DQS]\+
MS[X@:4(63@F_N`3V91)*3:EM$QWMUN_PU;@N.#(.YPZP#-

MNS\A?WODW7^[SV%?L(M8VM4N3?/C9OU]

M'6#[EP3#F22




M)'M1E*3:T


MHXE0+P0J/OZ9\-NET\#89Y#H4[5[V*R2=/RVV


M2M/;K)?+ZBY-_


(QAZ&CT*?68
1`6:=H4'2Y;NNX^B6#*/V`S_%J#\.(U6[W





M`=TVW]\

Z2AH

MHE=/Z'M5E#Q%_UK?J]9A=/`$$@*\]PX*P:D44NIZ&0!GG\R:T#F_@OP9#_C2
MYOZ[[?8APE*EU

[
M`H


M6I/1ZSUN6/X-@WGQD.W7]6;7T73[94P`RE!*'%+6




`U




M?(J`NOO[*H..G?]H*FYF$.::7C9RN!977U/A&
Y*8^)A@]'(E3K9@[]KX4

W.-<X'O2_$:V+YYJ='GDZ*(B(]QAI

POB/@U1RB%T]:Z=L
M=JQ].H089

M\:%!+$*?M5M;ZC_MQ\.0CNK7&1QU!)YZU`K%X14RRWM^B$:#&D%3`8D.6I
M\7[V5_6FJ7!N2.`&)'R

M7BR7$6P*WJ]WU=8^5`@0=%)_G!X4)'-0*B8


M;
#-!-`!'2$_S8;3HP(B&BA*J3$8

M13IRN7LZ2O(Y_M4S]N:QQP/$1%E@D:1&:Z\LM+BVR@6#/C=]/WFR]+
X!X#R

MZGNUV2VB\#OXZX^*#E-.:P5(3UH@'=\2&-$$8I=JB*&#Q%!35[%KP?/[9DW0

&=5[

FS##O=7302-VN5PL-
M:*[:F6%])!96!8^XF19SJJU;S^\8FT\3=G29+SJ@`\94A1'BU^`5#TY2)V

X
9\H;X3_
%O'].MYU=]*T/0+2
MW'


M`&568T$5DAJU'UQ2]8O%]I109


M+'AHD

MY?3H*XGQ






SY^
M#:?$O;@$]B4X^




1I3+:5M9J6)R#WC

0]7L]642VF&WF_3AZ/%5!^V3I`X;@QEA@+$SX$
^[;
M`_R
&GVCK)C0-TG.QS
[RO
M%?M#RFNG`0)CWB(%+!*


MWDE_X!Q[I7405E+%I9


MU'$1#UM#]_0((*FB4DB'DG+JG`#&L


4



0


M&-?]


#$T
M
3(S

MJOT/6+]

&((!L@%3SA8@:\N\K^!!:-K

$!7






$-KI



W@G^'

M,O;V]ZILKU-^0Z`(+3!7KL8$/0\^+1Z*FBQ%O6;+F/SS@4'B+Q!/+5V[

MW4&(!5)NYP[&[O`K(MQ&WJ&0[[#1PZK(H?;`&K/N8
O;^XY1L9X(WB
_]`++






M;^[NQY_'M[/);V




MC[BF@YI0BWAUT+TJ=+.`.M]6U'

M:69E01K0SZU`GSU

__YE\O!/

MVU]Y$'X8WX]G[4MA+]$\


^NYXN7SY/TS

R_Z1
F1/F
M(
==SI#$_$$FH
-QC^63\5?QPK8].DB$)C3^I$S^+!/UC0+N2`2W.;P:8A4
M5C#-VU_%(TKDZ-UD67:N$6N=*X+T?F&#K
4J?R\VZMX1ZDDO7\H
BH;_\@Y

M0G1^2$YRYQ%:L*PZ;'8\-;VZGY2].AN\6]O]BZ_:X+8?DP`'+Q
B[M20BB7O













MGK+P`WW9MD;;&BT-/U22N/[P/5I3^U^DM+&XB9LT)NZ*$)-L([5[P\T)_V
M%(%^-OH\OOQR/0:327OM;!./BU3E8?6TIQ@GS%F]O6%QAI9BY/

M_RZ19K1/E=S$/$#*I.V63VZ6LNJ
:9EH1HY4UY(6D
ENGVIQ;VW7TM%PS37U


U`
M*I)IYE!4J_8EEV/))CT*M0-@1-=B'J_JB1]6##5S
*KEVRK00%Y$-\]?A*#2
MYED#-GK\BKF$K]N/ZT*-$I^0[[E91T&;/2@%9LO)6B4'#]*SAUJF;EG`76^
M3:/COH;$G5$?VJW]M62I1[,X5*)4PH!L12YGF
VG0WON]PD!X1-AK^/6#/S
MK5ICK\2KM6E^P;#UG#A8A:_^VRL.?:BP[(X


M6

E_]XF
ML;5G6Y[R#E3GXAL@O56D!=GPSR?/OOL1;C:8&T$^BY\00J
J1`_%


1H82$ZX\N74-

M
:
]FUR#SJQGPZ<AAR<:`R


MUY0L!20F=2PIVX!D/Z?H=.Y3#P5(S@%@Y.\F=T9%?YR@4U(=*&XC?A1=4O:R
M'U@CJ@9!O
A43O6\P@3[*^2**Y/]0B5-*'X@P

UYG;=!73G:0
#3S32QMTK



ZN24I+-MY)BMK3Q<B#.#<QIZ^P


K!;3
M&@/G:;AOO5Z$*)76&G






RUMJ:97+%$X
MOU6TM$0#=HFJ:\*_!(:@CR9DO%@@

L38)[_^
@=^A?0Q_X=
8S:_;=;M'PMEX%6Z@


M2K]6$\/?K8^W$D\

M*1$+\!`/9E1651YDE4D5[)%FN5!E0VB4@J(&E47T0QTQ9@(K*]ZBI^H
741#


MB&E)Q1O3=[

MC7PIE)/IYN#`WGX9AKD+(;TXP`L0GMB*[4GU5NBTO4YH6[N6(]N!0XM.HV\^

63]#T=$6\

YV+;N*8&:MS87








J\

M)6]
Z'*G)+XGF51BP!+G%^OM)CO_^5$9XZ-\%^G/Z6DKMY8M+ZN-]2'$9IH+
MSI\Z]

M(EWPF*T.]9VG/_U9]YTJ/G]*2NUAMN





GNUG]BA$








M[29%N%X%C]/5U@/C/40X[)S(\R^CM$SUY#NBMI.@$P!^4/FIOU*OG&+MZ?DM

MJC3M)/CVG=IX#VK$KA[;3H)`2ZUA
3G=S'COI(!MD^?Y9_NP)FBO?PH84*`O

MI)`A1HSH9TI
@FQ(-F54N3WY6;5'M
/\G??#4L^G/:XI.DZ$S[&([A)(8Q*4
MG]M)SJZ




#3X<DF,[D,%Y^`!)

M$F#@+6H\ERJ!W@;B)$PU;9ML0KEZF@1/MT6A#A?MB+93YH7GY'.[VSOVQR/:
M3X4G-KK;Z)L#(CL0_BI(=]]W-.]02[D/\';$AY?QTSERU#(?H23V7NRIO.


9KQ

J!(3



88*[5:+]

MH1:\I3XE+P+;ZCP`Q5C_
QS=


^XS`+FL1*2495I



I?Z-=QX(V*




72DF%)%#
(M/
US43A$49T9HN
9E'D:EBEI4QQY\

MUP[FT&N
(H8=*WA?PH?J^QZU4F`&]`?=!*%4WF$&L2!Q7

M.&





@3^9PV8UFNYSN?K


5X]T55%^E
.#4QDL%(SV

M^AE-E_EN)U_]3:
BM

A
MW[Y_Y[




.@/^Z)-'W`L
_




M)9A^Q)
):H0;4.U.K%)U2`@2'*^GGNU!AW%UEH

ME28DUKEKM4'*2KL=?!G6T]26RP/-9AL0]YT

\_!IQMO&&05\I
M[K6@*@CP31%4SWKB4%JINL8:GG_AX/_WWV'LZ6I+=T3^\_\!4$L!`AX#%```
M``@`]VA



30Q
C
Q

M:$Q&$W-71NM@`@![Z1X`%``8```````!````I('*_`@`=&%P+3(P
30Q
C
Q


4`````#W
M:$Q&F?+P(!PO```A3`(`$``8```````!````I(%W@T`=&%P+3(P
30Q
C
Q

 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpenseNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaintenanceAndOperatingSuppliesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EmployeeRetirementPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EmployeeRetirementPlansDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryAndUnusualItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsBeforeAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentDifferenceFromAccountingPolicyElections'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityIncomeLossInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_GuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_NonGuarantorSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_InvestmentInEquityMethodInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherAssetsAndNotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndOtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherLiabilitiesIncludingLiabilitiesOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_StockholdersEquityAfterIntercompanyNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommercialPaper'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInInterestRateFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseInEffectiveCostOfBorrowingExpressedAsBasisPointsOverStatedCouponRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLossOnDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_BusinessCombinationPaymentofClaimSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_BusinessCombinationPaymentWithheld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ConvertibleDebtSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LongtermDebtPortionofPrincipalRepayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnderwritingFeesRelatedToLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DiscountsToLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DebtIssuanceCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LineOfCreditFacilityTermOfFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CashHeldinBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_CashHeldinBankNetofBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntitiesByClassificationOfEntityAxis=tap_GrolschMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntitiesByClassificationOfEntityAxis=tap_CobraMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeCumulativePercentageOwnershipAfterAllTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_FixedIncomeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_HedgeFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_RealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_ModeloMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdjustmentAmortizationOfDifferenceBetweenCarryingAmountAndUnderlyingEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfDirectorsAppointed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationMinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationEquityOrCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationLiabilitiesAndEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCostOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeExtraordinaryItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=tap_SabMillerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberOfDirectorsAppointed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentVotingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_SosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_OptionsAndSosarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxExpenseFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=tap_OptionsSosarsRsusDsusPsusAndPuAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_RelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfVariableInterestEntitiesSummarizedFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_MaximumMaturitiesPeriodOfCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=tap_KaiserPurchasedTaxCreditsIndemnityReserveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_IndemnificationGuaranteeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueChangesInEstimate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_LossContingencyAccrualCarryingValueForeignExchangeImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=tap_MillercoorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossOwnershipShareOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_EquityMethodInvestmentIncreaseDecreaseDueToReclassification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationStatementOfOperationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationBalanceSheetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationStatementOfCashFlowsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYearLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYearHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AllowanceForObsoleteSuppliesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForNotesAndLoansReceivableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_PreferredStockNonVotingNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=tap_ClassBExchangeableSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_ExchangeableStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetExcludingExciseAndSalesTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_NumberofIndefinitelivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInJointVenture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=country_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=tap_MciMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_CanadaDefinedContributionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanNameAxis=tap_UnitedStatesDefinedContributionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_DefinedContributionPensionPlanPercentageOfEmployerContributionsHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_GainonSaleofNonoperatingAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_GainLossRelatedtoTaxSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_GainonSaleofNonoperatingAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_GainLossFromForeignExchangeAndDerivativesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_ForeignCashPositionsandForeignExchangeContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseByComponentAxis=tap_SaleOfWaterRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_OtherIncomeExpenseLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_SupplementalGuarantorInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationDueAfterFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_AdvertisingAndPromotionsFutureCommitmentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsOffsettingPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncludingIncomeTaxPenaltiesInterestandOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNetAgainstNoncurrentDeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_tap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'

