

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-039494
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130715
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130715
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518238
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES
 NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				274004890
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-173537
		FILM NUMBER:		13967849
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		STREET 2:		4326 LAUREL GLEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MOORPARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-284-3703
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		STREET 2:		4326 LAUREL GLEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MOORPARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93021
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110414









     








WASHINGTON
 D.C .&nbsp;&nbsp; 20549



&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE



 2013




MONTALVO SPIRITS
 INC.




    
    

    
    


4326 LAUREL GLEN DRIVE
 MOORPARK
 CA
93021




 including area
code)


12(B) of the Act: None



    
common stock
 par value $0.001 per share

    
    



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp; 


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp; 


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No 


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months ( or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No&nbsp; 


delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
&ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act (check one):



    
    

    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.).


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp; 


 2013
 there were 67
112
512
shares of common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding.


stock held on March 31
 2013 by non-affiliates of the registrant was $0.00 based on the closing price of $0.00 per share as reported
on the OTC Bulletin Board on September 30
 2012 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed fiscal second
quarter (calculated by excluding all shares held by executive officers
 directors and holders known to the registrant of five percent
or more of the voting power of the registrant's common stock
 without conceding that such persons are &quot;affiliates&quot; of
the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws).


    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 Promoters and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
    







forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward looking. In
particular
 the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;possibly
&rdquo; &ldquo;probably
&rdquo; anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;projects
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo;
&ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; or &ldquo;should
&rdquo; or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given
that the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management&rsquo;s
current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management&rsquo;s expectations.


reflect the good faith judgment of our management
 such statements can only be based upon facts and factors currently known to
us. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
 many of which are beyond our control. As a result
our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
including those set forth below under the caption &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; For these statements
 we claim the protection of
the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should not
unduly rely on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date on which they were made. They give our expectations
regarding the future but are not guarantees. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 unless required by law.


10-K (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) to &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo; &ldquo;the
Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Montalvo&rdquo; mean Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and our subsidiaries
 unless the context otherwise requires.





Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.


 Inc.
formerly known as Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc. (&ldquo;Advanced Cloud&rdquo;)
 was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the
laws of the State of Nevada. It was a development stage company with initial operations of organization and incorporation
 target
market identification
 marketing plans
 and capital formation. A substantial portion of the Company&rsquo;s activities had involved
developing a business plan and establishing contacts and visibility in the marketplace.

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.


Inc.
 a development stage company (&ldquo;Casa Montalvo&rdquo;)
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on
April 4
 2011. The Company develops
 markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.




 2012
Casa Montalvo formed Montalvo Imports LLC (&ldquo;Imports&rdquo;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. The LLC
 of which the
Company is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as the Company.

Acquisition of CASA Montalvo Treated
as a Reverse Acquisition


 2012
Advanced Cloud entered into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with
Casa Montalvo and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth
in the Agreement (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;)
 the Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.


the Registrant agreed to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate
1
817
891 shares (the &ldquo;Exchange Shares&rdquo;) of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;). As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. Following the consummation
of the Exchange
 the shareholders of Casa Montalvo will beneficially own approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%)
of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant. The parties have taken the actions necessary to provide that the
Exchange is treated as a &ldquo;tax free exchange&rdquo; under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&rsquo;s principal shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the
Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock.


    
    



the Company accepted a subscription in the amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100
000) for Two Hundred Thousand (200
000)
post-split shares of Common Stock
 offered pursuant to Section 4(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
thereunder.


of the Exchange
 our board of directors and officers was reconstituted by the resignation of George Frederick Meyer as Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 President/Secretary/Treasurer and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant and the appointment of Alex
Viecco as Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera as Chief Operating Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and
Director
 Sergio Gonzalez Rivera as President and Director and Daniel Cahill as Director of Sales and Director.


 on December
21
 2012
 holders of a majority of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&rsquo;s Articles of
Incorporation to: (i) change its name to &ldquo;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&rdquo;
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares
of capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares were designated as Common Stock and
(b) 10
000
000 shares were designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis.


controlling financial interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger
between the Company and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer
and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa
Montalvo (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying
value before the acquisition. The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities
of Casa Montalvo which are recorded at their historical cost. The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Casa Montalvo
retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.




Inc. (&ldquo;Casa Montalvo&rdquo;) was incorporated on April 4
 2011 under the laws of the state of California. Casa Montalvo develops
markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States. We sell our products through a network of established
spirits distributors
 who are licensed to distribute alcoholic beverages throughout the United States. The Company is federally
licensed
 maintaining the right to sell to distributors in all markets in the U.S. and globally.


to focus on growing the market share of its initial products
 the ultra-premium Montalvo line of tequilas
 whose expressions include
Plata
 Reposado
 Anejo and Extra-Anejo. We own the Montalvo brand trademark and have exclusive worldwide master distribution rights
to the brands.


business by expanding our portfolio of premium alcoholic beverage brands
 including additional spirits categories
 as well as beer
and wine
 through additional importation and distribution contracts of existing brands. In addition
 we may choose to develop new
brands or acquire existing companies with their own brand portfolios.




to market is by selling directly to distributors
 who maintain extensive resources to sell to both on and off premise retail accounts
including liquor stores
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 bars and restaurants
 to build our brands
 we must effectively communicate
with three distinct audiences: the distributors; the retail trade; and the end consumer. We believe advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image and perception of our brand as we strive in building substantial
brand value.


the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in
their respective states. The Company would sell on consignment to any control state in which we do business
 whereby the Company
would provide inventory to state regulated stores and would be paid upon sale of the product. Should the inventory we provide not
sell in a timely manner or at all
 this could negatively impact our working capital and tie up our inventory for an unknown period
of time.


transacting in any control states
 although we are in the process of listing in Oregon and plan on listing in Wyoming and Massachusetts
in the near future.


    
    



 sales and
customer service functions are provided by the Company&rsquo;s executive officers and independent contractors who work together
with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree of focus on each of our products. We attempt to build brand
awareness through innovative marketing activities including social media
 brand tastings
 as well as competitive spirits competitions.
We use a variety of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well
as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques. Our significant public relations campaign has helped
gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. The Company defines editorial coverage as an article in
a publication expressing the opinion of its editors or publishers. Montalvo Tequila has been featured in various industry publications
including Tasting Panel Magazine
 Beverage Industry and M. Shanken&rsquo;s Market Watch. Past and future event sponsorship is an
economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands.




Worldwide Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila. Montalvo
 an award
winning
 ultra-premium tequila brand is a handcrafted
 meticulously formulated tequila produced from only the highest quality blue
agave plants from the Lowlands of Jalisco
 Mexico. Montalvo ensures the brand&rsquo;s premium quality by handcrafting in small
batches
 using hand-selected Blue Weber agave plants picked at the peak of maturity and employing a third distillation. Fourth-generation
tequila producers Sergio and Carlos Gonzalez Rivera have combined their family&rsquo;s ancient traditions with modern techniques
resulting in a clean
 smooth and memorable tequila. Montalvo is available in four expressions: Plata
 Reposado
 A&ntilde;ejo and
Extra-A&ntilde;ejo.




a relatively large inventory based on historical revenues in order to meet unknown customer delivery requirements of new independent
distributors the Company is in the process of securing. The Company feels that the current production capacity of our primary supplier
is sufficient to meet demand for the foreseeable future. In case of an unexpected surge in demand
 our primary supplier maintains
contract manufacturing arrangements with third-party suppliers capable of producing large-scale volumes of our products. Based
on the relatively short turnaround time from placing an order with our supplier to receiving the product
 the Company believes
it will be able to effectively manage our inventory in the face of unknown demand.




Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 we own the trademark &ldquo;Montalvo&rdquo;. The trademark is
registered in the United States
 Mexico
 Colombia
 Brazil and Argentina
 and is currently pending in the European Union. We consider
the trademark to be valuable and important to our business.




beverage industry is a regulated
 three-tier system of suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The Company currently distributes
the Montalvo Tequila brand through a network of independent distributors. The Company also maintains an arrangement with MHW
 Ltd.
a third-party leading service provider to alcoholic beverage companies
 to import the Montalvo brand into the U.S. as well as to
sell Montalvo directly to retailers in New York
 New Jersey and California. The Company hopes to expand the number of independent
distributors in certain existing markets and new markets
 when the Company has sufficient funds to maintain a larger marketing
campaign.




industry is highly competitive. We compete with other alcohol beverage companies
 most of which have significantly more sales and
resources than us
 and have been in business for much longer than we have. We compete with national and regional beverage producers
and &quot;private label&quot; suppliers. Some of our largest competitors are Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman
Corporation
 Beam Inc.
 Remy Cointreau S.A. and Constellation Brands
 Inc.


the wine and spirits industry in the United States has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership.
The number of major importers
 suppliers and distributors in the U.S. has declined significantly due to this consolidation. As
a result
 we believe there is a great opportunity for smaller companies to develop high-quality
 high-margin brands
 which can
grow to be very attractive acquisition candidates for the larger companies.


    
    



on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. By focusing on the premium and super-premium segments
of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors
for a company of our size. Our U.S. sales force have built
 and should continue to build sound
 long standing relationships with
distributors both locally and nationally as well as with their customers. Finally
 with the continued consolidation among the major
companies that we have seen and expect to continue to see
 we feel there is an opportunity for small to mid-size spirits companies
such as ours
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.


that the Company will compete successfully with existing or new competitors
 or that the competition will not have a material adverse
effect on the business
 operating results or financial condition of the Company (See ITEM 1A &ldquo;RISK FACTORS&rdquo;).




has no full time employees other than the above officers. The Company&rsquo;s sales and marketing team consists of eight (8) independent
contractors
 which are all at-will contractors. The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.




a &ldquo;going concern&rdquo; opinion
 meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the
next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. The
amount of the offering will likely allow us to operate for at least one year.


2013
 we had $23
291 in cash
 $16
500 in subscription receivable and inventories of $346
197 totaling $385
988 in assets
as compared to $44
005 in total assets for March 31
 2012. The funds available to the Company will not be sufficient to fund
the planned operations of the Company. If we do not substantially increase our sales
 we will require funding to continue our
operations of which there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise funds or that if we do so that they will be on
grounds that are favorable to the Company.

Potential Future Projects and Conflicts
Of Interest


Management may serve in the future as an officer
 director or investor in other entities. Neither the Company nor any shareholder
would have any interest in these projects. Management believes that they have sufficient resources to fully discharge their responsibilities
to all projects they have organized or will organize in the future
 if any.




marketing of our alcoholic beverages are subject to the rules and regulations of various Federal
 provincial
 state and local health
agencies
 including in particular the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&ldquo;TTB&rdquo;) as well as the Alcoholic
Beverage Control Laws of all states in which our products are sold. The TTB also regulates labeling of our products.


are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state
 and other regulations and that we have a compliance program in place
to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations on a going-forward basis. There are no regulatory notifications
or actions currently outstanding.






through our website
 all of our filings with the Commission and all amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after filing
 by providing a hyperlink to the EDGAR website containing our reports.




quarterly and special reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).
Investors may read and copy any document that the Company files
 including this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 at the SEC&rsquo;s
Public Reference Room at 450 F Street
 N.W.
 Washington
 DC 20549. Investors may obtain information on the operation of the Public
Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site at&nbsp;http://www.sec.gov&nbsp;that
contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
from which investors can electronically access the Company&rsquo;s SEC filings.


    
    





located at 4326 Laurel Glen Drive
 Moorpark
 CA and our telephone number is (818) 266-9286. We can be contacted by email at 




 financial condition
 operating
results and prospects are subject to the following risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently foreseeable to us may
also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition or operating
results could be materially adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and our stockholders
may lose all or part of their investment in the shares of our common stock.


statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such
as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; or &ldquo;anticipation&rdquo; or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology.
Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.



We have inadequate capital and need for additional financing
to accomplish our business and strategic plans.


funds
 and such funds are not adequate to develop our current business plan. We believe that for our company to be successful
we will be required to spend significant sums to market our products. If the sales of our products do not enable us to meet this
need
 our ultimate success may depend on our ability to raise additional capital. In the absence of additional financing or significant
revenues and profits
 the Company will have to approach its business plan from a much different and much more restricted direction
attempting to secure additional funding sources to fund its growth
 borrowing money from lenders or elsewhere or to take other
actions to attempt to provide funding. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to us.

Our limited operating history does not afford investors
a sufficient history on which to base an investment decision.


the early stages of developing our business. There can be no assurance that at this time that we will operate profitably or will
have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due.


frequently encountered by early stage companies
 particularly in rapidly evolving and changing markets. Such risks include the
following:






ability to effectively manage expanding operations; amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating
to expansion of our business
 operations
 and infrastructure; and

dependence upon key personnel to market and sell our services and the loss of one of our key managers may adversely affect
the marketing of our services.


that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully
address these risks
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected and we may not have the resources to continue or expand our business operations.


    
    


Recent worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial
market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance.


economies have experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject
to risks associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of
credit and capital markets. This global economic situation could adversely impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers.
In addition
 unfavorable global or domestic economic situations could adversely impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers.
Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers or customers could result in product delays
 possible accounts receivable defaults
and inventory challenges. The inability of suppliers
 distributors or retailers to conduct business or to access liquidity could
impact our ability to distribute our products.


that market conditions will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions
in the worldwide and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products
 and create or exacerbate
credit issues
 cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers.
Depending upon their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial
condition and results of operations. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the current disruption in the
financial markets and the adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other markets.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to
obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional
costs and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers.


number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary brands and those we
distribute for others. These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in Mexico. For our proprietary
products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill one or all of the manufacturing functions for a brand. For instance
 Destilidora
Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V. is the sole producer for Montalvo Tequila. The termination of our written or oral agreements or an adverse
change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we
may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion
of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments
of products from international suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to
fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this
could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline
in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable
alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.

The sales of our products could decrease significantly
if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states


the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in
their respective states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their
listings. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products
only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the
applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in
the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products
could decrease significantly.

Currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may
have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results.


 non-U.S.
operations accounted for none of our revenues but we are dependent upon resources in Mexico for the products we intend to market
distribute and sell. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could cause fluctuations
in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins from non-U.S. dollar-denominated
international sales and inventory purchases. Our ability to acquire spirits and wine and produce and sell our products at favorable
prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of the U.S. dollar. We may not be able to hedge against these risks.

If our inventory is lost due to theft
fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


levels to fluctuate to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due
to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and
harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old
products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact
our results of operations.


    
    


Weather conditions may have a material adverse effect
on our sales or on the price of raw materials used to produce spirits.


where performance is affected by the weather. Extreme changes in weather conditions may result in lower consumption of tequila
and other alcoholic beverages. In particular
 unusually cold spells in winter or high temperatures in the summer can result in
temporary shifts in customer preferences and impact demand for the alcoholic beverages we produce and distribute. Similar weather
conditions in the future may have a material adverse effect on our sales which could affect our business
 financial condition and
results of operations. In addition
 inclement weather may affect the availability of grain used to produce raw spirit
 which could
result in a rise in raw spirit pricing that could negatively affect margins and sales.

Climate change
 or legal
 regulatory
or market measures to address climate change
 may negatively affect our business
 operations or financial performance
 and water
scarcity or poor quality could negatively impact our production costs and capacit


upon agricultural activity and natural resources. There has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide
and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency
and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Severe weather events and climate change may negatively affect agricultural
productivity in the regions from which we presently source our agricultural raw materials such as agave. Decreased availability
of our raw materials may increase the cost of goods for our products. Severe weather events or changes in the frequency or intensity
of weather events can also disrupt our supply chain
 which may affect production operations
 insurance cost and coverage
 as well
as delivery of our products to wholesalers
 retailers and consumers.


in the production of our products. The quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of agave and
our ability to operate our business. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and
droughts become more severe
 there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose
capacity constraints. Such events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

The Company has limited protection
of the Exclusive Master Distribution Agreement (&ldquo;Distribution Agreement&rdquo;).


has an exclusive right to distribute all Casa Montalvo products throughout the world for a three-year term. The term will be extended
indefinitely provided the Company hits minimal sales requirements. Any breach of the Distribution Agreement
 or an act of terminating
cause
 could lead to the loss of the Company&rsquo;s exclusive distribution rights
 for the respective jurisdictions which the
Company operates
 which would have a material adverse effect on the business
 results of operations and financial condition.

Either our or our strategic partners&rsquo;
failure to protect our respective trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value
of our brand portfolio.


enter into exclusive arrangements to market the Company&rsquo;s products with unaffiliated agents
 our business and prospects depend
in part on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&rsquo; ability to develop favorable
consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively apply for registration
of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary
know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims of
misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending
these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future
and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of
our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or
our strategic partners&rsquo; trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio
could be reduced
 negatively impacting our sales and growth potential.

An impairment in the carrying value
of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and shareholders&rsquo; equity.


of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition
date
 net of any cumulative impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks
trade names and other acquired intangible assets as of the acquisition date
 net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill
and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated
for impairment by our management at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted
future cash flows of the related business
 the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash
charge to earnings. If the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired
 our earnings and shareholders&rsquo;
equity could be adversely affected.


    
    


We operate in highly competitive
industries
 and competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business.


production and distribution industries in our region are intensely competitive. The principal competitive factors in these industries
include product range
 pricing
 distribution capabilities and responsiveness to consumer preferences
 with varying emphasis on
these factors depending on the market and the product. The alcoholic beverage industry competes with respect to brand recognition
product quality
 brand loyalty
 customer service and price. Failure to maintain and enhance the Company&rsquo;s competitive position
could materially and adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business and prospects for business. Wholesaler
 retailer and consumer
purchasing decisions are influenced by
 among other things
 the perceived absolute or relative overall value of our products
 including
their quality or pricing
 compared to competitor&rsquo;s products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing
purchasing
 financing
 operational
 advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers
 state and provincial agencies
 and
retailers which could affect their supply of
 or consumer demand for
 our products. We could also experience higher than expected
selling
 general and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising
or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons.

 could be adversely
affected by a decline in the consumption of alcohol and spirits we sell.


have been modest increases in consumption of beverage alcohol in most of our product categories and geographic markets
 there have
been periods in the past in which there were substantial declines in the overall per capita consumption of beverage alcohol products
in the U.S. and other markets in which we participate. A limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product
categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors
 including:






A general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premise establishments
 such as may result from smoking
bans and stricter laws related to driving while under the influence of alcohol;

Consumer dietary preferences favoring lighter
 lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 sports drinks and water products;



Increased federal
 state
 provincial or foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions
on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing; and



We are subject to extensive government
regulation and are required to obtain and renew various permits and licenses; changes in or violations of laws or regulations or
failure to obtain or renew permits and licenses could materially adversely affect our business and profitability.


and distributing alcoholic beverages in the United States is subject to regulation by national and local governmental agencies.
These regulations and laws address such matters as licensing and permit requirements
 regarding the production
 storage and import
of alcoholic products; competition and anti-trust matters; trade and pricing practices; taxes; distribution methods and relationships;
required labeling and packaging; advertising; sales promotion; and relations with wholesalers and retailers. Loss of production
capacity due to regulatory issues can negatively affect our sales and increase our operating costs as we attempt to increase production
at other facilities during that time to offset the lost production. It is possible that we could have similar issues in the future
that will adversely impact our sales and operating costs. Additionally
 new or revised regulations or requirements or increases
in excise taxes
 customs duties
 income taxes
 or sales taxes could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition
and results of operations.


 we are
subject to numerous environmental and occupational
 health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we plan to
operate. We may incur significant costs to maintain compliance with evolving environmental and occupational
 health and safety
requirements
 to comply with more stringent enforcement of existing applicable requirements or to defend against challenges or
investigations
 even those without merit. Future legal or regulatory challenges to the industry in which we operate or our business
practices and arrangements could give rise to liability and fines
 or cause us to change our practices or arrangements
 which could
have a material adverse effect on us
 our revenues and our profitability.


and supervision as well as future changes in laws
 regulations or government policy (or in the interpretation of existing laws
or regulations) that affect us
 our competitors or our industry generally
 strongly influence our viability and how we operate
our business. Complying with existing laws
 regulations and government policy is burdensome
 and future changes may increase our
operational and administrative expenses and limit our revenues.


    
    



 governmental
regulatory and tax authorities have a high degree of discretion and may at times exercise this discretion in a manner contrary
to law or established practice. Such conduct can be more prevalent in jurisdictions with less developed or evolving regulatory
systems like Mexico. Our business would be materially and adversely affected if there were any adverse changes in relevant laws
or regulations or in their interpretation or enforcement. Our ability to introduce new products and services may also be affected
if we cannot predict how existing or future laws
 regulations or policies would apply to such products or services.

If we fail to manage growth effectively
or prepare for product scalability
 it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency
 product quality
 working capital
levels and results of operations


in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial
 operational
financial
 and other purposes. As of March 31
 2013
 we had no full time employees outside of our management team. During any period
of growth
 we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls
 including quality control and delivery
and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand
 train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will
impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify
 recruit
 maintain
 integrate
 and motivate
new employees.


difficulties in the management of human resources
 we may also encounter working capital issues
 as we will need increased liquidity
to finance the marketing of the products we sell
 and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management
 we will
be required to continue improving our operations
 management
 and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth
effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot
assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by
our existing and potential customers.

Our management team may not be able
to successfully implement our business strategies.


team is unable to execute on its business strategies
 then our development
 including the establishment of revenues and our sales
and marketing activities would be materially and adversely affected. In addition
 we may encounter difficulties in effectively
managing the budgeting
 forecasting and other process control issues presented by any future growth. We may seek to augment or
replace members of our management team or we may lose key members of our management team
 and we may not be able to attract new
management talent with sufficient skill and experience.

If we are unable to retain key executives
and other key affiliates
 our growth could be significantly inhibited and our business harmed with a material adverse effect on
our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 to
a certain extent
 attributable to the management
 sales and marketing
 and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel.
Alex Viecco
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
 our Chief Operating Officer
 and Sergio Gonzalez Rivera
 our
President
 perform key functions in the operation of our business. The loss of any of these could have a material adverse effect
upon our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. We do not maintain key-person insurance for members of our management
team because it is cost prohibitive at this point. If we lose the services of any senior management
 we may not be able to locate
suitable or qualified replacements
 and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel
 which could severely
disrupt our business and prospects.


future may depend on our ability to establish and maintain strategic alliances
 and any failure on our part to establish and maintain
such relationships would adversely affect our market penetration and revenue growth.


nature of the alcoholic beverage industry
 we will be required to establish strategic relationships with third parties. Our ability
to establish strategic relationships will depend on a number of factors
 many of which are outside our control
 such as the competitive
position of our product and marketing plan relative to our competitors. We may not be able to establish other strategic relationships
in the future. In addition
 any strategic alliances that we establish may subject us to a number of risks
 including risks associated
with sharing proprietary information
 loss of control of operations that are material to developed business and profit-sharing
arrangements. Moreover
 strategic alliances may be expensive to implement and subject us to the risk that the third party will
not perform its obligations under the relationship
 which may subject us to losses over which we have no control or expensive termination
arrangements. As a result
 even if our strategic alliances with third parties are successful
 our business may be adversely affected
by a number of factors that are outside of our control.

Our financial results may not meet
the expectations of investors and may fluctuate because of many factors and
 as a result
 investors should not rely on our revenue
and/or financial projections as indicative of future results.


    
    



results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations investors may negatively impact the value of our securities.
Operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors that could affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations
in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline. Investors should not rely on revenue or financial projections
or comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As a result of the factors listed below
 it is
possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of investors. This could cause the market price
of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include:












Because our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion
 there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended March 31
 2013 includes an explanatory paragraph stating that
our recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition and results of operations will be materially
and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern
 we
may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our audited consolidated
financial statements
 and it is likely that investors will lose all or a part of their investment. After this offering
 future
reports from our independent registered public accounting firm may also contain statements expressing doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern
 investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding
on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

Our strategy may include acquiring
companies which may result in unsuitable acquisitions or failure to successfully integrate acquired companies
 which could lead
to reduced profitability.


growth strategy through acquisitions of companies or operations that complement existing product lines
 customers or other capabilities.
We may be unsuccessful in identifying suitable acquisition candidates
 or may be unable to consummate desired acquisitions. To
the extent any future acquisitions are completed
 we may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired companies or their operations
or if integration is more difficult than anticipated
 we may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse impact on
future profitability. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate
 or realize any anticipated benefits from
 acquisitions
include:




difficulties integrating the acquired company&rsquo;s standards
 processes
 procedures and controls;





difficulties increasing the scope
 geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;

difficulties consolidating facilities
 transferring processes and know-how;









Demand for our products may be adversely
affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and


may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness
to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success
depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with
successful new products and product innovations.


    
    


We face substantial competition in
our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global
spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies which trend toward
consolidation. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or
effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. The
dollar amount and unit volume of our sales could be negatively affected by our inability to maintain or increase prices
 changes
in geographic or product mix
 a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption or the decision of wholesalers
 retailers or consumers
to purchase competitor&rsquo;s products instead of our products. Wholesaler
 retailer and consumer purchasing decisions are influenced
by
 among other things
 the perceived absolute or relative overall value of our products
 including their quality or pricing
 compared
to competitor&rsquo;s products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing
 purchasing
 financing
 operational
advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers
 state and provincial agencies
 and retailers which could affect their
supply of
 or consumer demand for
 our products. We could also experience higher than expected selling
 general and administrative
expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain
our competitive position or for other reasons.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol
could reduce demand for our products.


have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed
to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes
in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol
and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing
a decline in our results of operations.

Class action or other litigation
relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage
alcohol has caused death or serious health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol
has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected
companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have
been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage
consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family
funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits
in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could
be harmed significantly.

Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory
and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


 distribution
marketing
 advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive regulation in all of the countries in
which we operate. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses. We are also required
to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage alcohol products.
We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become more stringent.
Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict when and to what extent
liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while
intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may
seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products.
Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result
in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations
could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit
margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution
of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the U.S.
 at both the
federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties
in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales
revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories
of beverage alcohol.


    
    


We could face product liability or
other related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures
may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1
million per occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $1 million. Further
any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.

If we become subject to product liability
claims
 personal injury claims or defective products
 our business may be harmed.


of the Company&rsquo;s products and services entails risk of product liability and there can be no assurance that product liability
claims will not be asserted against the Company. While the Company intends to obtain some business liability insurance
 insurance
designed to cover product liability is expensive
 difficult to obtain in some cases and may not be available now or in the future
on acceptable terms
 if at all. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage will be adequate
 or that a
product liability claim
 even one without merit
 would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition
of the Company. As a result
 any imposition of product liability could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results
of operations. In addition
 we do not have any business interruption insurance due to the limited coverage of any such business
interruption insurance
 and as a result
 any business disruption or natural disaster could severely disrupt our business and operations
and significantly decrease our revenue and profitability.

Contamination of our products and/or
counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands
and decrease our sales.


brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate
third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our
products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the
distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of
our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties
sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could
confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in
the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.

RISKS RELATED TO THE SECURITIES MARKETS
AND INVESTMENTS IN OUR COMMON STOCK

Our Executive Officers and certain
stockholders possess the majority of our voting power
 and through this ownership
 control our Company and our corporate actions.


officers and certain large shareholders of the Company
 hold approximately 64% of the voting power of the outstanding shares immediately
after the Exchange. These officers have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other
matters submitted to our stockholders for approval
 including mergers
 consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all
of our assets
 election of directors
 and other significant corporate actions. As such our executive officers have the power to
prevent or cause a change in control; therefore
 without his consent we could be prevented from entering into transactions that
could be beneficial to us. The interests of our executive officers may give rise to a conflict of interest with the Company and
the Company&rsquo;s shareholders. For additional details concerning voting power please refer to the section below entitled &ldquo;Description
of Securities.&rdquo;

There is a substantial lack of liquidity
of our common stock and volatility risks.


quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;TQLA.&rdquo; The liquidity of our common stock may be very limited and affected by
our limited trading market. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges
 and is subject
to abuses
 volatilities and shorting. There is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock.
An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility
and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity of the shares traded.


    
    



of our common stock may be limited and sporadic. This situation is attributable to a number of factors
 including the fact that
we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts
 stock brokers
 institutional investors and others in the
investment community that generate or influence sales volume
 and that even if we came to the attention of such persons
 they tend
to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our
shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence
 there may be periods of several days or more when
trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume
of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any
assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained
 or that current
trading levels will be sustained. As a result of such trading activity
 the quoted price for our common stock on the OTCQB may
not necessarily be a reliable indicator of our fair market value. In addition
 if our shares of common stock cease to be quoted
holders would find it more difficult to dispose of or to obtain accurate quotation as to the market value of
 our common stock
and as a result
 the market value of our common stock likely would decline.


our stock may be volatile and subject to fluctuations in response to factors
 including the following:


The increased concentration of the ownership of our shares by a limited number of affiliated stockholders following the Exchange
may limit interest in our securities;









announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;

general technological
 market or economic trends;












are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot
make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including
as to whether our common stock will sustain current market prices
 or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability
of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price.

Our common stock may never be listed on a major stock
exchange.


the listing of our common stock on a national or other securities exchange at some time in the future
 assuming that we can satisfy
the initial listing standards for such exchange. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards and cannot ensure that
we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our common stock will be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should
we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges
 or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing
 the
trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid
 and our common stock
price may be subject to increased volatility.

A decline in the price of our common
stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations.


in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability
to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations.
Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business
plan and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price
declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient
to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able to have the resources to
continue our normal operations.

Concentrated ownership of our common
stock creates a risk of sudden changes in our common stock price.


of a significant portion of their holdings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.


    
    


Sales of our currently issued and
outstanding stock may become freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 and may dilute the market for your shares and have a depressive
effect on the price of the shares of our common stock.


of the outstanding shares of common stock are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) (&ldquo;Rule 144&rdquo;). As restricted shares
 these shares may be
resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions
from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence
that a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of common stock.
Under Rule 144
 affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may
 under certain conditions
sell every three months
 in brokerage transactions
 a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company&rsquo;s
outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four
calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTCQB). Since the Company has previously indicated in its filings
with the Commission that it is a shell company
 as that term is defined under the Securities Act
 pursuant to Rule 144
 shareholders
must wait at least one year from the date of the filing of the Form 8-K filed on December 24
 2012 to avail themselves of Rule
144 unless we file a registration statement for the sale of such shares prior thereto. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other
exemption from the Securities Act
 if available
 or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock
 may have
a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop.

The securities issued in connection
with the Exchange are restricted securities and may not be transferred in the absence of registration or the availability of a
resale exemption.


stock being issued in connection with the Exchange are being issued in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder or Regulation S. Consequently
 these securities
will be subject to restrictions on transfer under the Securities Act and may not be transferred in the absence of registration
or the availability of a resale exemption. In particular
 in the absence of registration
 such securities cannot be resold to the
public until certain requirements under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act have been satisfied
 including certain holding
period requirements. As a result
 a purchaser who receives any such securities issued in connection with the Exchange may be unable
to sell such securities at the time or at the price or upon such other terms and conditions as the purchaser desires
 and the terms
of such sale may be less favorable to the purchaser than might be obtainable in the absence of such limitations and restrictions.

If we issue additional shares or
derivative securities in the future
 it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.


the issuance of up to 300
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value per share. Our board of directors may choose to issue
some or all of such shares
 or derivative securities to purchase some or all of such shares
 to provide additional financing in
the future.

We do not plan to declare or pay
any dividends to our stockholders in the near future.


any dividends in the past
 and we do not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration
 payment and amount
of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 the
results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
 and other factors as the board of
directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and if dividends are paid
 there is no
assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.

The requirements of being a public
company may strain our resources and distract management.


we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&rdquo;). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires
that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting.


costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and costs associated with applicable corporate governance requirements.
We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and
to make some activities more time consuming and costly. This may divert management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns
which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that
these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the
same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on
our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these
rules
 and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.


    
    


If we do not file our quarterly or
annual reports with the SEC
 we may be de-listed from the OTCQB.


tier of the OTC market. OTCQB companies report to the SEC or a U.S. banking regulator
 making it easy for investors to identify
companies that are current in their reporting obligations. There are no financial or qualitative standards to be in this tier.
OTCQB securities may also be quoted on the FINRA BB. The OTCQB allows investors to easily identify reporting companies traded in
the OTC market regardless of where they are quoted.


to the timely filing of periodic reports with the SEC
 any OTCQB issuer who fails to file a periodic report (Forms 10-Q or 10-K)
by the due date of such report
 period we may be removed from the OTCQB and our common stock may only be able to be traded on the
OTC Pink. The OTC Pink is the bottom tier of the OTC market &ndash; a speculative trading marketplace that helps broker-dealers
get the best prices for investors. Accordingly
 our securities may become worthless and we may be forced to curtail or abandon
our business plan.

Persons associated with securities offerings
 including
consultants
 may be deemed to be broker dealers.


of our securities are offered without engaging a registered broker-dealer
 we may face claims for rescission and other remedies.
If any claims or actions were to be brought against us relating to our lack of compliance with the broker-dealer requirements
we could be subject to penalties
 required to pay fines
 make damages payments or settlement payments
 or repurchase such securities.
In addition
 any claims or actions could force us to expend significant financial resources to defend our company
 could divert
the attention of our management from our core business and could harm our reputation.

Future changes in financial accounting
standards or practices may cause adverse unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect reported results of operations.


standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions
completed before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements
have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect
our reported financial results or the way we conduct business.

&ldquo;Penny Stock&rdquo; rules may make buying or selling
our common stock difficult.


stock is subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to
be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. These rules require
that any broker-dealer that recommends our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors
 must
 prior
to the sale
 make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement
to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available
 the regulations require the delivery
 prior to any transaction involving
a penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock
market. In addition
 broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may
discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock
 which could severely limit the market price and liquidity
of our common stock.











We utilize the office space and equipment of our Chief Executive Officer and director at no cost. Management estimates such amounts
to be immaterial. We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or
securities of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.


    
    





 we are involved in claims
and suits that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although management currently believes that resolving any such claims
against us will not have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial position or results of operations
 these matters
are subject to inherent uncertainties and management&rsquo;s view of these matters may change in the future. Except as disclosed
herein
 we are not aware of any material
 existing or pending legal proceedings nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation.







ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON
EQUITY RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.


traded on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol ACSR and was first quoted on October 18
 2011. From February 28
2013
 the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock has been quoted on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol TQLA. The table
below sets forth the high and low prices for the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock for the quarters included within the past two fiscal
years. Quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.
Since the Company's common stock trades sporadically
 there is not an established active public market for its common stock. No
assurance can be given that an active market will exist for the Company's common stock and the Company does not expect to declare
dividends in the foreseeable future since the Company intends to utilize its earnings
 if any
 to finance its future growth
 including
possible acquisitions.



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2012
    
    

    
 2011
    
    

    
 2011
    
    





common stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to vote at a meeting of Company&rsquo;s stockholders.
Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Stockholders do not have any preemptive rights or other similar rights
to acquire additional shares of Company&rsquo;s common stock or other securities. Subject to preferences that may be applicable
to any then-outstanding preferred stock
 holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors
in its discretion
 declares from legally available funds. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 subject to preferences
that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock
 each outstanding share of common stock entitles its holder to participate
ratably in all remaining assets of the Company that are available for distribution to stockholders after providing for each class
of stock
 if any
 having preference over the common stock.


have no conversion
 preemptive or other subscription rights
 and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable
to the common stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred
stock
 when and if any preferred stock is authorized and issued.




Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 10
000
000 shares of &ldquo;Blank Check&rdquo; Preferred Stock
 par value
$0.001 per share
 subject to any limitations prescribed by law
 without further vote or action by the stockholders
 to issue from
time to time shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Each such series of Preferred Stock shall have such number of shares
designations
 preferences
 voting powers
 qualifications
 and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by
the Company's board of directors
 which may include
 among others
 dividend rights
 voting rights
 liquidation preferences
 conversion
rights and preemptive rights.


    
    





 2013
 a total of 66
900
012
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock were outstanding and held by approximately 43 shareholders of record of our common stock.
This figure does not reflect the persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage
firms . Of this amount
 7
699
964 shares are unrestricted. Approximately 34
887
220 shares are restricted securities held by non-affiliates
and the remaining 24
112
785 shares are restricted securities held by affiliates. These shares may only be sold in accordance with
Rule 144. As of March 31
 2013
 there were no warrants and no stock options to purchase the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock outstanding.




since its inception. The Company currently intends to retain any earnings for use in its business
 and therefore does not anticipate
paying dividends in the foreseeable future.

Long-Term Incentive Plans Awards in
Last Fiscal Year






2013
 March 30
 2012
 and March 31
 2011
 the Company issued the following securities exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting or other compensation was paid in connection
with these transactions:


 2011
 the Company issued 10
000
000 founder&rsquo;s
shares at $0.001 per share
 with net proceeds to the Company of $10
000.


 2012 the Company issued 15
384
shares of its common stock at $0.325 per share
 or $5
000 to two individuals.


 2012 the Company issued 15
384
shares of its common stock at $0.325 per share
 or $5
000 to two individuals


 2011 through September
2
 2011 the Company issued 28
920 shares of its common stock at $0.325 per share
 or $9
400 to four individuals.


 2011
 the Company issued 237
250 shares at $0.04
per share
 with net proceeds to the Company of $9
490.


 2011 the Company issued
100
000 shares of its common stock for services
 valued at $32
500 on the date of issuance.


 2012
 the Company entered
into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Casa Montalvo Holdings
Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Casa Montalvo&rdquo;) and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
the Company issued 1
817
891 shares of Common Stock to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo.


 2012
 the Company
accepted a subscription in the amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100
000) for 6
162.34 shares of Common Stock.


 2013 to July 1
 2013
 the
Company issued 20
000 shares of its Common Stock at $0.50 per share
 or $10
000
 to two individuals.


 2013 the Company sold 12
500 shares of its common
stock to one investor at $0.40 per share or $5
000.




 2013 the Company issued 200
000 shares each to
a newly appointed member to the Company&rsquo;s Board of Advisors. These shares are non-forfeitable and fully vested. These shares
were valued at $0.50 per share or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.&nbsp;


 the sales of the securities
identified above were made pursuant to privately negotiated transactions that did not involve a public offering of securities and
accordingly
 we believe that these transactions were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to
Section 4(2) thereof and rules promulgated there under. Each of the above-referenced investors in our stock represented to us in
connection with their investment that they were &ldquo;accredited investors&rdquo; (as defined by Rule 501 under the Securities
Act) and were acquiring the shares for investment and not distribution
 that they could bear the risks of the investment and could
hold the securities for an indefinite period of time. The investors received written disclosures that the securities had not been
registered under the Securities Act and that any resale must be made pursuant to a registration or an available exemption from
such registration. All of the foregoing securities are deemed restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act.


    
    






ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our selected financial data and our financial
statements and the accompanying notes included in this annual report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements
that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs and involve risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences
include those discussed below and under the headings &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo;




Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 18
 2010. The Company was an initial development
stage and was organized to engage in the business of online data storage.


 2012
the Registrant entered into an Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with Casa Montalvo Holdings
Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Casa Montalvo&rdquo;)
 whereby the Registrant acquired all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;) for approximately 59
000
000 post-split shares of Common
Stock. Simultaneously therewith
 the Registrant accepted a subscription of a private placement offering of Two Hundred Thousand
(200
000) post-split shares of its Common Stock
 on a post-Split basis
 at an aggregate purchase price of One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100
000).


Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. Following the consummation of the Exchange
 the shareholders
of Casa Montalvo will beneficially own approximately eighty-nine percent (89%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the
Registrant. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&rsquo;s principal shareholder agreed to retire
10
000
000 shares of the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock. The parties have taken the actions necessary to provide that the Exchange
is treated as a &ldquo;tax free exchange&rdquo; under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. The Agreement
contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants of the Registrant and Casa Montalvo for like transactions. The foregoing
descriptions of the above referenced agreements do not purport to be complete. For an understanding of their terms and provisions
reference should be made to the Agreement attached as Exhibits 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 24
 2012.
A copy of the press release dated December 21
 2012 announcing the completion of the documents relating to the Share Exchange is
attached to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 24
 2012 as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.


 on December
21
 2012
 holders of a majority of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&rsquo;s Articles of
Incorporation to: (i) change its name to Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.; (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock
from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares were designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares
were designated as blank check preferred stock.
 and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis.




to market is by selling directly to distributors
 who maintain extensive resources to sell to both on and off premise retail accounts
including liquor stores
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 bars and restaurants
 to build our brands
 we must effectively communicate
with three distinct audiences: the distributors; the retail trade; and the end consumer. We believe advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image and perception of our brand as we strive in building substantial
brand value.


    
    





 in-house
marketing
 sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high
degree of focus on each of our products. We attempt to build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities including
social media
 brand tastings
 as well as competitive spirits competitions. We use a variety of marketing strategies and tactics
to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional
marketing techniques. Our significant public relations campaign has helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases
brand awareness. Past and future event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands.




markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States. We sell our products through a network of established
spirits distributors
 who are licensed to distribute alcoholic beverages throughout the United States. The Company is federally
licensed
 maintaining the right to sell to distributors in all markets in the U.S. and globally.


to focus on growing the market share of its initial products
 the ultra-premium Montalvo line of tequilas
 whose expressions include
Plata
 Reposado
 Anejo and Extra-Anejo. We own the Montalvo brand trademark and have exclusive worldwide master distribution rights
to the brands.


business by expanding our portfolio of premium alcoholic beverage brands
 including additional spirits categories
 as well as beer
and wine
 through additional importation and distribution contracts of existing brands. In addition
 we may choose to develop new
brands or acquire existing companies with their own brand portfolios.


portfolio of premium craft spirits
 we seek to:



    
    
grow revenues by securing additional independent distributors for Montalvo Tequila in multiple states in the U.S. and potentially in additional countries internationally and by targeted marketing activities. We anticipate such marketing activities will require the Company to expend approximately $750
000. As the independent distributors are generally large
 well-recognized companies
 the Company feels that accounts receivable financing should be available
 though it may not be on favorable terms. We anticipate that increased sales revenues from Montalvo Tequila will contribute to improving our cash flow and provide additional liquidity from operations. The Company may require additional financing through private placements or issuance of notes payable
 and there is no assurance that such financing will be available. In the event we are not able to increase our working capital
 we will not be able to implement or may be required to delay all or part of our business plan
 and our ability to attain profitable operations
 generate positive cash flows from operating and investing activities and materially expand the business will be materially adversely affected. 




    
    
explore the potential of developing or acquiring new or existing brands by identifying attractive acquisition candidates
 entering into negotiations and reaching agreements with these candidates and obtaining financing to acquire such brands. We estimate we will expend $15
000 to identify brands that are potential acquisition targets and $25
000 discussing and negotiating acquisition terms and drafting preliminary agreements; the funding required to acquire a potential target is too speculative to estimate. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of third party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business relationships may require significant management attention. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. 



    
    





Worldwide Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila. Montalvo
 an award
winning
 ultra-premium tequila brand is a handcrafted
 meticulously formulated tequila produced from only the highest quality blue
agave plants from the Lowlands of Jalisco
 Mexico. Montalvo ensures the brand&rsquo;s premium quality by handcrafting in small
batches
 using hand-selected Blue Weber agave plants picked at the peak of maturity and employing a third distillation. Fourth-generation
tequila producers Sergio and Carlos Gonzalez Rivera have combined their family&rsquo;s ancient traditions with modern techniques
resulting in a clean
 smooth and memorable tequila. Montalvo is available in four expressions: Plata
 Reposado
 A&ntilde;ejo and
Extra-A&ntilde;ejo.




a regulated
 three-tier system of suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The Company currently distributes the Montalvo Tequila
brand through a network of independent distributors. The Company also maintains an arrangement with MHW
 Ltd.
 a third-party leading
service provider to alcoholic beverage companies
 to import the Montalvo brand into the U.S. as well as to sell Montalvo directly
to retailers in New York
 New Jersey and California. The Company hopes to expand the number of independent distributors in certain
existing markets and new markets
 when the Company has sufficient funds to maintain a larger marketing campaign.



Year ended March 31
 2013 compared
to year ended March 31
 2012

 For the year ended March
31
 2013
 net sales were approximately $28
800 compared to zero net sales for the year ended March 31
 2012. The increase is a
result of the Company's limited launch of sales of inventory acquired through the Exclusive Worldwide Distribution Agreement with
Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila.

Gross margin (loss)
for the year ended March 31
 2013
 was approximately $16
785 or 58.2% of net sales compared to zero gross margin of approximately
$0 for the year ended March 31
 2012. This increase in gross margin is attributable to the limited launch of Montalvo Tequila described
above. Margin has also been maintained by the Company&rsquo;s premium product selling strategy implemented by the company that
targets premium price points
 targeted non-price discounting promotion for its products and low overhead.

Selling
 General and Administrative
Expenses: 
 general and administrative expenses for the year ended March 31
 2013 amounted to approximately $1
636
953
compared to approximately $129
045 for the same period of the prior year
 an increase of&nbsp;approximately $1
447
953. The increase
was attributable to a $1
461
101 stock based compensation expense the Company recorded based on shares of Casa Montalvo Holdings
Inc. that were issued immediately prior to the Share Exchange.

Interest expense for the year
ended March 31
 2013 was approximately $4
159 compared to $1
025 for the same period last year
 a net increase of $3
134 or 305%.&nbsp;&nbsp;This
increase is predominantly due to the issuance of additional promissory notes as compared to prior year.

 The above resulted
in a net loss before income tax of $1
624
327 for the year ended March 31
 2013 compared to a net loss before income tax of $130
070
for the year ended March 31
 2012.


    
    





statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern.&nbsp;As of March 31
 2013
the Company has a shareholders' equity deficit of approximately $328
932 compared with a deficit of approximately $72
970 at March
31
 2012
&nbsp;and has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows since inception. For the year ended March
31
 2013
 the Company sustained a net loss before income tax of $1
624
327 compared to a net loss before income tax of $130
070
for the year ended March 31
 2012 and used cash of approximately $69
264 in operating activities for the year ended March 31
 2013
compared with approximately&nbsp;$61
095 for the year ended March 31
 2012. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the company be unable to continue in existence.


our working capital and our business decisions will continue to be influenced by our working capital requirements.

 Net cash
used in operating activities for the year ended March 31
 2013 was approximately $69
264
 primarily from our loss of approximately
$1
620
168 net with non-cash activities of $317
462 including an increase in accrued liabilities and an adjustment based on the
reverse merger
 and $1
237
601 stock based compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Changes in operating assets
 liabilities and sundry and other
non-cash activities were $75
339. We have to date funded our operations predominantly through loans from shareholders
 officers
and investors and additionally through the issuance of our common stock as payment for outstanding obligations.

&nbsp;Net
cash&nbsp;provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2013 was approximately $85
650 primarily from sale of common
stock of $88
500 and a net repayment of notes payable of $3
000.




of $1
754
397 and have had limited revenues from operations through the period ended March 31
 2013. Further
 the Company has inadequate
working capital to maintain or develop its operations
 and is dependent upon funds from private investors and the support of certain
stockholders.


the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management is planning to raise necessary additional funds through loans
and additional sales of its common stock. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising additional capital
or in further developing its operations




 2013
 there were no off
balance sheet arrangements.




of the Company are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States.






in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities known to exist as of the date the financial statements are published
 and (iii) the reported amount of net sales
and expenses recognized during the periods presented. Adjustments made with respect to the use of estimates often relate to improved
information not previously available. Uncertainties with respect to such estimates and assumptions are inherent in the preparation
of financial statements; accordingly
 actual results could differ from these estimates. These estimates and assumptions also affect
the reported amounts of revenues
 costs and expenses during the reporting period. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions
on a regular basis. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 
&rdquo; which is when all of the
following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) delivery of products and services has occurred
(3) the fee is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.


    
    





investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At March 31
 2013
 cash and cash equivalents
include cash on hand and cash in the bank.




and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets using principally the straight-line method. When items are retired
or otherwise disposed of
 income is charged or credited for the difference between net book value and proceeds realized. Ordinary
maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred
 and replacements and betterments are capitalized.


to calculated depreciation for principal items of property and equipment are as follow:



    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    



 2013
 property and equipment consisted of office
equipment purchased during the period.




 such as property
 plant
and equipment and purchased intangibles
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Any goodwill or other intangible assets are tested at least annually for
impairment. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated
future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair
value of the asset. There were no events or changes in circumstances that necessitated an impairment of long lived assets as of
March 31
 2013.




the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting
amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect
taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be
realized.


to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining
if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not
 that the position will be sustained on audit
 including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes
 if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount
which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and
estimating the Company's tax positions and tax benefits
 which may require periodic adjustments. At March 31
 2013
 the Company
did not record any liabilities for uncertain tax positions.




balances in banks located in California. The Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) insures accounts at
each institution up to $100
000. At March 31
 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s cash accounts were below the insured limit.




dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if stock options
 warrants
 and
other commitments to issue common stock were exercised or equity awards vest resulting in the issuance of common stock that could
share in the earnings of the Company. The Company does not have any options
 warrants or other common stock equivalents outstanding
as of March 31
 2013.


    
    





primarily of cash
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and advances from affiliates. The carrying amounts of such financial
instruments approximate their respective estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The estimated
fair value is not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange or from future earnings
or cash flows.


 &ldquo; 
&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC Topic 820&rdquo;) defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. The standard provides a consistent definition of fair value that focuses on an exit price that would
be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. The standard also prioritizes
 within the measurement of fair value
 the use of market-based information over
entity specific information and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based on the nature of inputs used
in the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date.


as follows:


valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets;

valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 or inputs that are observable
for the assets or liabilities other than quoted prices
 either directly or indirectly
 including inputs in markets that are not
considered to be active;

valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.




sheet arrangements during the year ended March 31
 2013.



7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


related to interest rates on foreign currencies.


8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


after the signature page to this report.&nbsp;

9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


 2012
 the Company dismissed
its independent registered public accounting firm
 Seale and Beers
 CPAs (&ldquo;Seale and Beers&rdquo;).


of the years ended March 31
 2012 and March 31
 2011 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified
or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles other than going concern.


by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors on August 2
 2012
 and on such date Li &amp; Company
 PC (&ldquo;Li&rdquo;) was engaged
as the Company&rsquo;s new independent registered public accountants. &nbsp;During the two most recent years or any subsequent
interim period prior to engaging Li
 the Company did not consult Li regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction
 completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial
statements
 or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event in connection with its report
on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


    
    



years and any subsequent interim period preceding August 2
 2012
 the date of dismissal of Seale and Beers
 there were no disagreements
with Seale and Beers on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or
procedure which
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of Seale and Beers
 would have caused it to make reference to the matter in
connection with its reports. There were no &quot;reportable events&quot; within the two most recent years and any subsequent interim
period preceding the dismissal of Seale and Beers in connection with its report on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.


 2012
 the Company engaged Li
as its new independent certified public accounting firm to audit the Company&rsquo;s financial statements March 31
 2013. During
the two most recent years or any subsequent interim period prior to engaging Li
 the Registrant did not consult such firm regarding
either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific completed or contemplated transaction
 or the type of audit opinion
that might be rendered on the Registrant&rsquo;s financial statements or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement
or event identified in response to (a)(1)(iv) of Item 304 of Regulation S-K
 or a reportable event as that term is used in Item
304(a)(1)(v) of Item 304 of Regulation S-K.

9A(T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures


Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)

Report on Form 10-K

 with the participation of the Company&rsquo;s principal executive
officer and principal financial officer
 the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are
defined as those controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed
by the issuer in the reports it files or submits under the Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time
periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management
 including its principal executive and principal financial
officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based
upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures
 our Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10K our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are not effective because of the material
which are identified below. It should be noted that the design
of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.


control procedures are as follows:



    
    

Lack of formal policies
The Company utilizes a third
party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes
are reviewed by our management
 we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting
treatment of such transactions. The third party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company
and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain
transactions.&nbsp;




    
    
. The Company does not have a formal audit committee with a financial expert
 and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the financial reporting process.



the identified material weaknesses including
 but not necessarily limited to
 the following:



    
    


of significant accounting transactions that includes participation of the Chief Executive Officer
 the Chief Financial Officer
and the Company&rsquo;s corporate legal counsel.&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Form an Audit Committee that will establish policies and procedures that will provide the Board of Directors a formal review process that will among other things
 assure that management controls and procedures are in place and being maintained consistently.



    
    


(b) Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintain records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial
statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management
authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition 
 use or disposition of company assets that could
have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected.

As of March
31
 2013
 management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria

on this evaluation under the COSO Framework
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting are not


 our management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) in Internal Control-Integrated

 they concluded that
 as of March 31
 2013
 such internal controls
and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This
was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely
affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 


and procedures that the Company&rsquo;s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's
board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
(2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective
controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by

31
 2013


and procedures that the Company&rsquo;s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's
board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
(2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting
and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective
controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by

31
 2013


set forth in items (2)
 (3) and (4) above did not have an affect on the Company's financial results. However
 management believes
that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result
in the Company's determination to its financial statements for the future years.


organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and
will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available
to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee
of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which
will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements.


of more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the lack of a functioning
audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's Board. In addition
 management believes that preparing
and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further
 management
believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation
of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training
needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional
outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future.


    
    



the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis
and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements
 as necessary and as funds
allow.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting


controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31
 2013 that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide management report
in the Annual Report.





ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
PROMOTERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


and ages of our current directors and executive officers
 their principal offices and positions and the date each such person became
a director or executive officer. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds
his office until he resigns
 is removed by the Board or his successor is elected and qualified. Directors are elected annually
by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier
resignation or removal.


and executive officers of our company:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
President
 Director

    
    
    
    
    
Director of Sales
 Director



and directors are elected annually and serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders.

Alex Viecco
 Chief
Executive Officer and Director

 Inc. since 2011
 prior
thereto and from 2000 to 2011
 Mr. Viecco served as the Co-Founder and Vice President of New Era Debt Solutions
 in Camarillo
California. Under Mr. Viecco&rsquo;s leadership
 New Era Debt Solutions has become an industry leader
 providing debt resolution
for thousands of clients throughout the United States. With his expertise in the debt resolution field
 Mr. Viecco has been featured
in numerous industry publications. Mr. Viecco also worked as a Financial Consultant with a division of Citigroup
 and consistently
led sales throughout his five-year tenure. While serving in this capacity
 Mr. Viecco managed
 supervised
 and trained dozens of
representatives into successful positions
 and received multiple awards. The Company believed Mr. Viecco&rsquo;s extensive business
and finance expertise made him an ideal candidate to serve in these capacities.

Sergio Gonzalez
Rivera
 
 has served as the President of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
prior thereto and from 2005 to the present
 Mr. Gonzalez Rivera has served as a Director of Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
a distillery located in Jalisco
 Mexico. From a young age
 Mr. Gonzalez Rivera began learning from his father and uncles all of
the intricacies of the art of producing tequila
 from picking the perfect Blue Agave Weber plants
 to identifying the best time
to harvest the plants to give the best yield. Sergio learned the secret of producing high quality Tequila is combining ancient
techniques with modern world trends. His family&rsquo;s experience in tequila business dates back to his great grandfather and
Sergio has worked in a variety of positions in the industry from sales
 engineering
 product development
 customer service and
management. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera earned a degree in Business Management
 Project Management
 Marketing
 Innovation and Strategies
Real Estate Business
 and Sales from the University of Guadalajara. Mr. Rivera also continued his studies in Systems Engineering
in Germany
 with a specialization in business and entrepreneurism. The Company believes Mr. Gonzalez Rivera&rsquo;s distinguished
career in the tequila industry and the region
 made him ideal for these positions. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera also serves as Councilman
of the Municipality of Tequila
 Mexico.


    
    


Carlos Gonzalez
Rivera
 President and Director
 has served as the Chief Operating of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto
and from 2005 to the present
 served as President of Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 a distillery located in Jalisco
 Mexico.
Mr. Gonzalez Rivera spent many years with his family learning the art of producing tequila. His particular interest was in harvesting
the plants and learning their regional attributes and has been recognized by the local farmers as an instrumental representative
to ensure fair trade in the region. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera graduated from the University of Guadalajara
 Mexico with a degree in Dentistry
Medicine in 1994. After further studies and specializing as a dental surgeon
 he travelled to the United States to continue his
studies in modern dental techniques
 where he worked with well-respected dentists in Oxnard
 California and Thousand Oaks
 California.
The Company believes Mr. Rivera&rsquo;s previous experience operating tequilerias make him an asset to the Company.

Daniel Cahill
 Director
of Sales and Director
 has served as the Director of Sales of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto and from
2011 to 2012 Mr. Cahill served as the Managing Director of Point Loma Capital
 Inc. Prior thereto and from 2001 to 2011
 Mr. Cahill
served in various positions at Meyers Associates
 Aegis Capital and Maxim Group. Throughout his career
 he has executed a wide
variety of financing transactions as an investment banker to numerous private and publicly traded companies
 as well as spending
significant time and resources mentoring and developing new advisors on how to build and maintain client relationships. The Company
believes Mr. Cahill&rsquo;s experience in the finance industry would be an asset to the Company.




 at present
 have
any employees other than the current director and officer and director. We have not entered into any employment agreements
 as
we currently do not have any employees other than the current director and officer and director.




Rivera are brothers.




Company has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding
that is currently pending.


Company is the subject of any pending legal proceedings.


Company is involved in any bankruptcy petition by or against any business in which they are a general partner or executive officer
at this time or within two years of any involvement as a general partner
 executive officer
 or Director of any business.




a separate audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). Instead the board of directors acts as the audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange
Act.&nbsp;The Company intends on establishing an Audit Committee composed of independent directors of the Company. The audit committee's
duties would be to recommend to the Company's board of directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit the Company's
financial statements and to review its accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee would review the scope
 timing and
fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants
including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee would at all times
be composed exclusively of directors who are
 in the opinion of the Company's board of directors
 free from any relationship which
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements
and generally accepted accounting principles.


    
    





separate compensation committee responsible for determining executive and director compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Instead
 the board
of directors fulfills this function
 and each member of the Board participates in the determination.&nbsp;&nbsp;Given the small
size of the Company and its Board
 plus the Company's limited resources
 locating
 obtaining and retaining additional independent
directors is extremely difficult.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the absence of independent directors
 the Board does not believe that creating
a separate compensation committee would result in any improvement in the compensation determination process.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
the board of directors has concluded that the Company and its stockholders would be best served by having the entire board of director&rsquo;s
act in place of a compensation committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;When acting in this capacity
 the Board does not have a charter.




the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter
wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in public
reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability for adherence
to the provisions of the code of ethic. A copy of our code of ethics is available without charge
 upon written request to: Montalvo
Spirits
 Inc.
 Attn: C.E.O.
 4326 Laurel Glen Drive
 Moorpark
 California 93021.

11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION



sets forth all of the compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to (i) each individual serving as the Company&rsquo;s principal
executive officer during the last three completed fiscal years ending March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011; (ii) each other individual
that served as an executive officer of the Company at the conclusion of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and who received in
excess of $100
000 in the form of salary and bonus during such fiscal year.



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Meyer
 President


 Treasurer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
187
612
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
259
612
    

    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
187
612
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
259
612
    

    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
187
612
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
259
612
    

    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
649
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



21
 2012


    
    


Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End 

certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of March 31
 2013:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

George Frederick Meyer
 former
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Alex Viecco
 CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
 COO
 CFO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Sergio Gonzalez
Rivera
 President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Daniel Cahill
 Director
of Sales
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







 2012
 the Company and Carlos
Gonzalez (&ldquo;CG&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the
Company&rsquo;s President. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement
 CG is entitled to a salary of $72
 per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through
December 31
 2012. The salary of CG was extended through December 31
 2013.

Employment with the Chief Operating
Officer


 2012
 the Company and Sergio
Gonzalez (&ldquo;SG&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the
Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;) until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement
 SG is entitled to a salary of $72
 per annum for the period beginning on the Effective
Date through December 31
 2012. The salary of SG was extended through December 31
 2013.


    
    


Employment with the Chief Executive
Officer


 2012
 the Company and Alex
Viecco (&ldquo;AV&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement
 AV is entitled to a salary of $72
000 per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through December 31
2012. The salary of AV was extended through December 31
 2013.

12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 MANAGEMENT
 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS.


relating to the beneficial ownership of the Company's common stock by those persons beneficially holding more than 5% of the Company's
common stock
 by the Company's directors and executive officers
 and by all of the Company's directors and executive officers as
a group as of March 31
 2013:



    
    
    

    
8
037
595
    


 LLC (c)
1
157
741
    


 Inc. (d)
10
877
684
    

    
8
037
595
    

    
8
037
595
    

    
12
697
188
    

    
24
112
785
    



 directors
and beneficial owners is 4236 Laurel Glen Drive
 Moorpark
 California 93021.

indicated otherwise. Security ownership information for beneficial owners is taken from statements filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13(d)
 13(g) and 16(a) and/or information made known to the Company.

700
012 shares of our common
stock outstanding as of March 31
 2013.

power over DPC Consultants
 LLC.

819
503 shares held
by CMFD Group
 LLC over which Mr. Duff holds voting and dispositive power.

877
684 shares held by
Point Loma Capital
 Inc. (&ldquo;Point Loma&rdquo;) and 1
819
503 shares held by CMFD Group
 LLC (&ldquo;CMFD&rdquo;)
 Charles
Duff holds voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Point Loma and CMFD.

13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 there are no contemplated transactions
that the Company may enter into with our officers
 directors or affiliates. If any such transactions are contemplated we will file
such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction available for the public to view.


agreement or other contracts with our current director and officer and director and there is no assurance that the services to
be provided by them will be available for any specific length of time in the future. The amounts of compensation and other terms
of any full time employment arrangements would be determined
 if and when
 such arrangements become necessary.


    
    


14. PR INCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES




two years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for our audits of our annual financial statements and
interim reviews of our financial statements included in our fillings with Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and 10-Qs
or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those years were approximately:




 2013
10
000

    
 2012
5
000





two years for the assurance and related services provided by the principal accountant that are not reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of the Company's financial statements and are not reported in paragraph (1) were approximately:




 2013
    

    
 2012
    



registration statements and financing transactions. Tax Fees


two years for the professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning were
approximately:




 2013
    

    
 2012
    





two years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the services reported in paragraph (1)
were approximately:




 2013
    

    
 2013
    






    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Share exchange by and among Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
 Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 21
 2012*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#

    
    
Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#


Incorporated
by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Current Form on 8-K
 filed with the Securities Commission on December 24
 2012
 as amended.



    
    





13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


 2013


    
MONTALVO SPIRITS
 INC.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

 Chief Operating Officer
        



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Director
    
July 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Director
    
July 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Director
    
July 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director of Sales
 Director
    
July 15
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    
    






    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Share exchange by and among Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
 Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 21
 2012*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#

    
    
Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#


Incorporated
by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Current Form on 8-K
 filed with the Securities Commission on December 24
 2012
 as amended.



    
    



 Inc.


 Inc.)




 2013 and 2012





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    

    
    


 2013
 for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012 and for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31

    

    
    


 2011 (inception) through March 31

    

    
    


 2013
 for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012 and for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31

    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


of

 Inc.

 Inc.)


 California


balance sheets of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 a development stage company
 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit) and cash flows for the fiscal year
then ended
 for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012 and for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception)
through March 31
 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining on a test basis
evidence supporting the amount and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2013
and 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal year then ended
 for the period from April 4
 2011
(inception) through March 31
 2012 and for the period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2013 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements
 the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at March 31
 2013 and had a net loss and
net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/Li and Company
 PC
    


 PC



 New Jersey

 2013


    
    



 Inc.

 Inc.)





    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
23
291
6
905

    
16
500
    

    
346
197
37
100

    
    
    

    
385
988
44
005

    
    
    

    
385
988
44
005

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
353
770
72
975

    
    
    

    
15
000
21
000

    
26
000
15
000

    
    
    

    
394
920
108
975

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of current maturities
320
000
8
000

    
    
    

    
714
920
116
975

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authirozied; none issued or outstanding
    
    


000
000 shares authorized; 67
112
512 and 15
328
920 shares issued and outstanding respectively
67
113
15
329

    
1
258
552
41
771

    
(1
754
397
(130
070

    
    
    

    
(428
732
(72
970

    
    
    

    
286
188
44
005



financials statements.


    
    



 Inc.

 Inc.)





    
    
    
    

    
    

 2011

 2011

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 2013

 2012

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
28
819
    
28
819

    
    
    
    

    
12
034
    
12
034

    
    
    
    

    
16
785
    
16
785

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
58
299
33
224
91
523

    
1
461
101
61
500
1
522
601

    
72
000
18
000
90
000

    
45
553
16
321
61
874

    
    
    
    

    
1
636
953
129
045
1
765
998

    
    
    
    

    
(1
620
168
(129
045
(1
749
213

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
159
1
025
5
184

    
    
    
    

    
4
159
1
025
5
184

    
    
    
    

    
(1
624
327
(130
070
(1
754
397

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
624
327
(130
070
(1
754
397

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
209
841
15
268
589
    



financials statements.


    
    



 Inc.

 Inc.)


Equity (Deficit)

 2011 (inception)
through March 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Common stock par value
    $0.001
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at inception
April
    4
 2011
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued to founders for cash at par value upon formation
14
600
000
14
600
    
    
    
14
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued to
    founders for services at par value upon formation
600
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for
    cash at $0.325 per share from August 24
 2011 through September 2
 2011
28
920
    
9
371
    
    
9
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for
    services at $0.325 per share on September 27
 2011
100
000
    
32
400
    
    
32
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
(130
070
(130
070

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at March 31
 2012
15
328
920
15
329
41
771
    
(130
070
(72
970

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
51
371
092
51
371
1
102
185
    
    
1
153
556

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for
    cash at $0.5 per share on December 21
 2012
200
000
    
    
(30
000
    
(29
800

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for
    cash at $0.40 per share on February 12
 2013
12
500
    
4
987
    
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for
    services on March 29
 2013
200
000
    
99
800
    
    
100
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock subscription receivable
    collected
    
    
    
30
000
    
30
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forgiveness of debt by
    stockholder
    
    
9
809
    
    
9
809

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(1
624
327
(1
624
327

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    March 31
 2013
67
112
512
67
113
1
258
552
    
(1
754
397
(428
732



financials statements.


    
    



 Inc.

 Inc.)





    
    
    
    

    
    

 2011

 2011

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 2013

 2012

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
624
327
(130
070
(1
754
397

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
237
601
33
100
1
270
701

    
    
    
    

    
10
903
(37
100
(26
197

    
280
795
72
975
353
770

    
    
    
    

    
(95
028
(61
095
(156
123

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
25
764
    
25
764

    
3
000
23
000
26
000

    
    
21
000
21
000

    
(6
000
    
(6
000

    
88
500
24
000
112
500

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
111
414
68
000
179
414

    
    
    
    

    
16
386
6
905
23
291

    
    
    
    

    
6
905
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
23
291
6
905
23
291

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
025
1
273

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
16
500
    
16
500

    
320
000
    
320
000



financials statements.


    
    



 Inc.

 Inc.)


 2013 and 2012




Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (Formerly
Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.)


 Inc. (&ldquo;Advanced
Cloud Storage&rdquo;) was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company intends to market
and sell its planed secure online data storage through its&rsquo; intended website.

Amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation


 2012
 holders of a majority
of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&rsquo;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its
name to &ldquo;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&rdquo; (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of
capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares were designated as Common Stock and (b)
10
000
000 shares were designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis (&ldquo;the
Amendment&rdquo;).

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.


 Inc. (&ldquo;Casa
Montalvo&rdquo;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. The Company develops
 markets and/or
distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.

Formation of Montalvo Imports
LLC


 2012
 the Company formed Montalvo
Imports LLC (&ldquo;LLC&rdquo; or &ldquo;Imports&rdquo;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &nbsp;The LLC
 of which the Company
is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as that of the Company.

Acquisition of CASA Montalvo Treated
as a Reverse Acquisition


 2012
 Advanced Cloud Storage
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 entered into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;)
with Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 a California corporation (&ldquo;Casa Montalvo&rdquo;) and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo
(the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Agreement (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;)
 the
Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.


 the Registrant
agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate
1
817
891 shares (the &ldquo;Exchange Shares&rdquo;) of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;). As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. Following the consummation
of the Exchange
 the shareholders of Casa Montalvo will beneficially own approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%)
of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant. The parties have taken the actions necessary to provide that the
Exchange is treated as a &ldquo;tax free exchange&rdquo; under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. Pursuant
to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&rsquo;s principal shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the
Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock. The Exchange Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants of the Registrant
and Casa Montalvo for like transactions.


interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger between the Company
and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed
the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa Montalvo (the accounting
acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the acquisition.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Casa Montalvo which are recorded
at their historical cost.&nbsp;&nbsp;The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Casa Montalvo retroactively restated
to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.


    
    


Note 2 &ndash; Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies




statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S.
GAAP&rdquo;).




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to determine whether and how to consolidate
another entity. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries&mdash;all entities in which a parent has
a controlling financial interest&mdash;shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent
 the majority
owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3) consolidation
by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8
the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
 and
 therefore
 as a general
rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another
entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation. The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of ownership
for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company consolidates all less-than-majority-owned
subsidiaries
 in which the parent&rsquo;s power to control exists.


entity is as follows:



Name of consolidated subsidiary
    
State or other jurisdiction
    of 
Date of incorporation or
    formation 
 if applicable)
Attributable
    interest

    
    
    
    

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
    
April 4
 2011
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
August 9
 2012
    



all accounts of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and for the period from December 21
 2012 (date of acquisition) through December
31
 2012; Casa Montalvo as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and for the nine months ended December 31
 2012 and for the period from
April 4
 2011 (inception) through December 31
 2011; and Montalvo Imports as of December 31
 2012 and for the period from August
9
 2012 (inception) through December 31
 2012.


have been eliminated.




statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;These reclassifications had no
effect on reported losses.




as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Company is still devoting substantially all
of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced.&nbsp;&nbsp;All losses accumulated
since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities.




in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reporting amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.


and assumptions include the fair value of financial instruments; income tax rate
 income tax provision
 deferred tax assets and
valuation allowance of deferred tax assets; and the assumption that the Company will be a going concern. Those significant accounting
estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to those estimates or assumptions
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.


experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.


factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information
 changes in facts and circumstances
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate
 those estimates are adjusted accordingly.


    
    



estimates.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph
820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;Paragraph 820-10-35-37&rdquo;) to measure the fair value of
its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring
fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase
consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures
 paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value
hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

    
    
    

    
    
    



considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described
above
 the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.


financial assets and liabilities
 such as prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 approximate their fair values
because of the short maturity of these instruments.


cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.


 however
 practical to determine
the fair value of advances from stockholders
 if any
 due to their related party nature.




as its fiscal year ending date.

Fair Value of Non-Financial Assets
or Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis


include inventories. The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates
 inventory
levels and other factors. Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of inventory turns and
historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess and slow-moving
inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any
 based on the historical results of physical inventory
cycle counts.




investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.


    
    







 consisting
of finished goods
 at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in and first-out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;) method.
The Company reduces inventory for the diminution of value
 resulting from product obsolescence
 damage or other issues affecting
marketability
 equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Factors utilized
in the determination of estimated market value include (i) estimates of future demand
 and (ii) competitive pricing pressures.

Inventory Obsolescence
and Markdowns


of inventory considering historical sales and other factors and
 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the
income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions
 customer demand or competition differ from expectations.


the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 or for the period from April 4
 2011 through March 31
 2012.


for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 or for the period from April 4
 2011 through March 31
 2012.




the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


parties include a)&nbsp;affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&ndash;10&ndash;15
 to be accounted
for by the equity method by the investing entity; c)&nbsp;trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e)&nbsp;management of the
Company; f)&nbsp;other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management
or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its
own separate interests; and g.&nbsp; other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the
transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other
to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.


disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
 expense allowances
 and other similar
items in the ordinary course of business. However
 disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated
or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a)&nbsp;the nature of the
relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were
ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary to an
understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&nbsp;the dollar amounts of transactions for each
of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms


 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement.




the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued
 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or
unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of
the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material
 would be disclosed.


    
    



generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe
based upon information available at this time
 that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. However
 there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and
adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial position
 and results of operations or cash flows.




605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized
or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are
met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to
the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

Stock-Based Compensation for Obtaining
Employee Services


compensation in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions under the recognition and measurement
principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant
to paragraph 718-10-30-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration
received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the
fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair
value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is
probable that performance will occur. If shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&rsquo;s
most recent private placement memorandum (&quot;PPM&rdquo;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate
than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and
asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.


instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for
inputs are as follows:



    


 i.e.
 expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2)
 if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




    

 the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected
 the reasons for selecting that particular index
 and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.&nbsp;&nbsp;If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.




    
    




    
    



    
    



compensation cost for awards with only service conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period for the entire award.

Equity Instruments Issued to Parties
Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services


issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance of Sub-topic 505-50 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&ldquo;Sub-topic 505-50&rdquo;).


 all
transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for
based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably
measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on
which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. If shares of the Company are
thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&rsquo;s most recent private placement memorandum (&quot;PPM&rdquo;)
or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares
could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.


instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for
inputs are as follows:



    
    




    

 the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected
 the reasons for selecting that particular index
 and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.&nbsp;&nbsp;If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.




    
    




    
    



if fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for
goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the
elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached.
A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued (in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Whether
the corresponding cost is an immediate expense or a prepaid asset (or whether the debit should be characterized as contra-equity
under the requirements of paragraph 505-50-45-1) depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
a grantor may conclude that an asset (other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested
 non-forfeitable
equity instruments that are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific
performance is required by the grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity
by the grantor of the equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the
balance sheet display of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other
than employees in exchange for goods or services. Section 505-50-30 provides guidance on the determination of the measurement date
for transactions that are within the scope of this Subtopic.


    
    



505-50-25-9
 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after
a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance
conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity
had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments.
A recognized asset
 expense
 or sales discount shall not be reversed if a stock option that the counterparty has the right to exercise
expires unexercised.


if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity
instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are
not considered issued until they vest). Consequently
 there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded.




740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13.addresses the determination of whether tax benefits
claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition
classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company
had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13.


differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 as well
as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded
on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition
 the
Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&rsquo;s opinion
adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates
additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.




tax positions and had no adjustments to unrecognized income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25
for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 or for the period from April 4
 2011 through March 31
 2012.




pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net
income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common
shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


shares for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 or for the period from April 4
 2011 through March 31
 2012.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method (&ldquo;Indirect method&rdquo;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities
by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating
cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.
The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows
 using the current exchange rate at the time
of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in
the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing
and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification.


    
    





855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent
events through the date when the&nbsp;financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification
 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users
such as through filing them on EDGAR.




 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-01
&quot;.
This ASU clarifies that the scope of ASU No. 2011-11

Liabilities.
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing
and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in FASB Accounting Standards
Codification or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-02
&quot;
adds new disclosure requirements
for items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component and their corresponding effect on net income.
The ASU is effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board
 or FASB
 issued ASU No. 2013-04

Liability Arrangements for which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date
the recognition
 measurement
 and disclosure of certain obligations resulting from joint and several arrangements including debt
arrangements
 other contractual obligations
 and settled litigation and judicial rulings. The ASU is effective for public entities
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-05

of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity
addresses the accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment when a parent either sells a part or all of its investment in
a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity
or a business within a foreign entity. The guidance outlines the events when cumulative translation adjustments should be released
into net income and is intended by FASB to eliminate some disparity in current accounting practice. This ASU is effective prospectively
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-07

&ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205): Liquidation Basis of Accounting.&rdquo;
entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is imminent. Liquidation
is imminent when the likelihood is remote that the entity will return from liquidation and either (a) a plan for liquidation is
approved by the person or persons with the authority to make such a plan effective and the likelihood is remote that the execution
of the plan will be blocked by other parties or (b) a plan for liquidation is being imposed by other forces (for example
 involuntary
bankruptcy). If a plan for liquidation was specified in the entity&rsquo;s governing documents from the entity&rsquo;s inception
(for example
 limited-life entities)
 the entity should apply the liquidation basis of accounting only if the approved plan for
liquidation differs from the plan for liquidation that was specified at the entity&rsquo;s inception. The amendments require financial
statements prepared using the liquidation basis of accounting to present relevant information about an entity&rsquo;s expected
resources in liquidation by measuring and presenting assets at the amount of the expected cash proceeds from liquidation. The entity
should include in its presentation of assets any items it had not previously recognized under U.S. GAAP but that it expects to
either sell in liquidation or use in settling liabilities (for example
 trademarks). The amendments are effective for entities
that determine liquidation is imminent during annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting
periods therein. Entities should apply the requirements prospectively from the day that liquidation becomes imminent. Early adoption
is permitted.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements.


    
    





been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization
of assets
 and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.


statements
 the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at March 31
 2013
 a net loss and net cash used
in operating activities for the fiscal year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern.


operations and generate revenues
 the Company&rsquo;s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company&rsquo;s
daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes
that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for
the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and
in its ability to raise additional funds
 there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues.


not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.







    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    


 issued January 13
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest extinguished on January 13
 2013
    
5
000

    
    
    


 issued January 18
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest extinguished on January 18
 2013
    
3
000

    
    
    


 issued January 19
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest extinguished on January 19
 2013
    
3
000

    
    
    


 issued January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest extinguished on January 20
 2013
    
10
000

    
    
    


 issued July 2
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest extinguished on July 2
 2013 and is currently past due
15
000
    

    
    
    

    
15
000
21
000







transactions are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Point Loma Capital
 Inc.
    
    



    
    





of the following:



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    


 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest&nbsp;&nbsp;due on June 6
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
1
000
1
000

    
    
    


 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
10
000
10
000

    
    
    


 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due
2
000
2
000

    
    
    


 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
2
000
2
000

    
    
    


 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
2
000
2
000

    
    
    


 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
2
000
    

    
    
    


 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014

6
000
6
000

    
    
    


 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
320
000
    

    
    
    


 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
1
000
    

    
    
    

    
346
000
23
000

    
    
    

    
(26
000
(15
000

    
    
    


 net of current maturities
320
000
8
000





 stockholders of the
Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured
 non-interest bearing and due on
demand.





On
January 1
 2012
 the Company entered into a financial advisory services agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with CMFD Group
 LLC
(&ldquo;CMFD&rdquo;) for consulting services to be provided as required by the Company. The Agreement requires that CMFD be paid
$6
000 per month for one (1) year from date of signing. The sole officer and shareholder of CMFD is a significant stockholder of
the Company. The agreement was automatically extended for one (1) year.




 2012
 the Company and Carlos
Gonzalez (&ldquo;CG&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the
Company&rsquo;s President. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement
 CG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective
Date through December 31
 2012. The salary of CG was extended through December 31
 2013.

Employment with the Chief Operating
Officer


 2012
 the Company and Sergio
Gonzalez (&ldquo;SG&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the
Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;) until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant
to the Employment Agreement
 SG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective
Date through December 31
 2012. The salary of SG was extended through December 31
 2013.


    
    


Employment with the Chief Executive
Officer


 2012
 the Company and Alex
Viecco (&ldquo;AV&rdquo;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Employment Agreement&rdquo;)
 to employ CG as the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from January 1
 2012 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
until December 31
 2014
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment
Agreement
 AV is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through December
31
 2012. The salary of AV was extended through December 31
 2013.






number of shares of common stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Seventy Five Million (75
000
000) shares
 par value
$0.001 per share.




the Exchange Agreement on December 21
 2012
 the Company had 332
251
996 common shares issued and outstanding.


on December 21
 2012
 the then majority stockholders of the Company surrendered 324
552
000 shares of the Company's common stock
which was cancelled upon receipt and the Company issued 59
000
016 shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Exchange Agreement.




 2012 the Company issued
200
000 shares of its common stock at $0.50 per share for a total of $100
000. $83
500 was received while the remaining $16
500
was recorded as stock subscription receivable
 which was received by the Company on April 30
 2013.


 2013 the Company sold 12
500
shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.40 per share or $5
000.

Common Shares Issued for Obtaining
Advisory Board Services


 2013 the Company issued 200
000
shares each to a newly appointed member to the Company&rsquo;s Board of Advisors. These shares are non-forfeitable and fully vested.
These shares were valued at $0.50 per share or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.






 2013
 the Company had net
operating loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carry&ndash;forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $1
754
397 that may be offset against
future taxable income through 2033. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards because
the Company believes that the realization of the Company&rsquo;s net deferred tax assets of approximately $596
495 was not considered
more likely than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation
allowance.


of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because
of the uncertainty regarding its realization.&nbsp;&nbsp;The valuation allowance increased approximately $552
271 and $44
224 for
the Fiscal Year ended March 31
 2013 and for the Period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012
 respectively.


follows:



    

 

 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
552
271
44
224

    
    
    

    
(552
271
(44
224

    
    
    


 net of valuation allowance
    
    



    
    


Income Tax Provision in the Statement
of Operations


income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income tax provision is as follows:



    
March 31
 2013
from April 4
March 31
 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Tax Returns Remaining subject to
IRS Audits


Period from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012 was not yet filed. The corporation income tax return for the Period
from April 4
 2011 (inception) through March 31
 2012 will remain subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal
Revenue Service for a period of three (3) years from the date they are filed.




occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.
The Management of the Company determined that there was a reportable subsequent event to be disclosed.


 2013 to July 1
 2013
 the
Company issued 20
000 shares of its Common Stock at $0.50 per share
 or $10
000
 to two individuals.


    














     










a California corporation

 a Delaware limited liability company


    















     







SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Alex Viecco
 certify that:


Spirits
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;);


 this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have:


procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information
relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting;

The Registrant&rsquo;s other certifying

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the Registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



Date: July 15
 2013
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     







SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
 certify that:


Spirits
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;);


 this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have:


procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information
relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting;

The Registrant&rsquo;s other certifying

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the Registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



Date: July 15
 2013
    

    
    

    
    

 Chief Operating Officer
        



    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Alex Viecco
 Chief Executive
Officer of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
the annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. for the period ended March 31
 2013 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




    


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&nbsp;




Date: July 15
 2013
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
and will be retained by Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    















     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
Chief Financial Officer of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
the annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. for the period ended March 31
 2013 &nbsp;(the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and




    


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&nbsp;




Date: July 15
 2013
    

    
    

    
Title: Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Operating&nbsp;&nbsp;Officer 

    
    



required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
and will be retained by Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    








