

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001415889-16-005474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160408
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001518238
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				274004890
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36546
		FILM NUMBER:		161563565
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		STREET 2:		4326 LAUREL GLEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MOORPARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-284-3703
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		112 NORTH CURRY STREET
		STREET 2:		4326 LAUREL GLEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MOORPARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93021
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110414









    











WASHINGTON
 D.C .&#160;20549





FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED March 31
 2015






MONTALVO SPIRITS
 INC.





















5301 N. COMMERCE AVE
 SUITE F
 MOORPARK
 CA 93021



(Issuer's telephone number
 including area code)





















Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share









Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.







Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.



Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months ( or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#61560;


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221;
 or &#8220;smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):
























The aggregate market value of the voting stock held on September 30
 2014 by non-affiliates of the registrant was $3
895
554 based on the closing price of $0.10 per share as reported on the OTCQB on September 30
 2014 the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed fiscal second quarter (calculated by excluding all shares held by executive officers
 directors and holders known to the registrant of five percent or more of the voting power of the registrant's common stock
 without conceding that such persons are affiliates of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws).


As of April 8
 2016
 there were 75
466
969 shares of common stock of the Registrant issued and outstanding.
















































































































Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities










































































Directors
 Executive Officers
 Promoters and Corporate Governance.






































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules

































The information in this report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward looking. In particular
 the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;possibly
&#8221; &#8220;probably
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; or &#8220;should
&#8221; or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management&#8217;s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management&#8217;s expectations.

Although these forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of our management
 such statements can only be based upon facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
 many of which are beyond our control. As a result
 our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those set forth below under the caption &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; For these statements
 we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date on which they were made. They give our expectations regarding the future but are not guarantees. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 unless required by law.


References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the &#8220;Annual Report&#8221;) to &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Registrant
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;Montalvo&#8221; mean Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and our subsidiaries
 unless the context otherwise requires.






Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (Formerly Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.)


Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc. The Company originally intended to market and sell its planned secure online data storage through its intended website.





On December 21
 2012
 holders of a majority of the Company&#8217;s outstanding shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) voted to amend the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its name to &#8220;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&#8221; (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis (&#8220;the Amendment&#8221;).


CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.


CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Casa Montalvo&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. Casa Montalvo develops
 markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.





On August 9
 2012
 the Company formed Montalvo Imports LLC (&#8220;LLC&#8221; or &#8220;Imports&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &#160;The LLC
 of which the Company is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as that of the Company.


Formation of Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.


On March 27
 2014
 the Company formed Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc. (&#8220;CBG&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Colorado.&#160;&#160;CBG
 of which the Company is the shareholder
 was formed to explore entry into the cannabis based beverage industry.



















On December 21
 2012
 the Company
 entered into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with Casa Montalvo and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &#8220;Exchange&#8221;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Exchange Agreement (the &#8220;Closing&#8221;)
 the Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.


Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate for 59
000
016 post-split (pre-split 1
817
891) shares of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock (the &#8220;Exchange Shares&#8221;). As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. The shareholders of Casa Montalvo beneficially owned approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant immediately after the consummation of the Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&#8217;s principal shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock.


As a result of the controlling financial interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger between the Company and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa Montalvo (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the acquisition.&#160;&#160;The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Casa Montalvo which are recorded at their historical cost.&#160;&#160;The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Casa Montalvo retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.




We develop
 market and/or distribute alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States. We sell our products through a network of established spirits distributors
 who are licensed to distribute alcoholic beverages throughout the United States. We are federally licensed
 maintaining the right to sell to distributors in all markets in the U.S. and globally.


We intend to focus on growing the market share of its initial products
 the ultra-premium Montalvo line of tequilas
 whose expressions include Plata
 Reposado
 Anejo and Extra-Anejo. We own the Montalvo brand trademark and have exclusive worldwide master distribution rights to the brands.


We intend to grow our business by expanding our portfolio of premium alcoholic beverage brands
 including additional spirits categories
 as well as beer and wine
 through additional importation and distribution contracts of existing brands. In addition
 we may choose to develop new brands or acquire existing companies with their own brand portfolios.





While our primary route to market is by selling directly to distributors
 who maintain extensive resources to sell to both on and off premise retail accounts
 including liquor stores
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 bars and restaurants
 to build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: the distributors; the retail trade; and the end consumer. We believe advertising
 marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image and perception of our brand as we strive in building substantial brand value.


In control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective states. We would sell on consignment to any control state in which we do business
 we would provide inventory to state regulated stores and would be paid upon sale of the product. Should the inventory we provide not sell in a timely manner or at all
 this could negatively impact our working capital and tie up our inventory for an unknown period of time.&#160;&#160;We currently do business in two control states
 Oregon and Wyoming.

















Marketing
 sales and customer service functions are provided by our executive officers and independent contractors who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree of focus on each of our products. We attempt to build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities including social media
 brand tastings
 as well as competitive spirits competitions. We use a variety of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques. Our significant public relations campaign has helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. We define editorial coverage as an article in a publication expressing the opinion of its editors or publishers. Montalvo Tequila has been featured in various industry publications
 including Tasting Panel Magazine
 Beverage Industry and M. Shanken&#8217;s Market Watch. Past and future event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands.





We have an Exclusive Worldwide Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila. Montalvo
 an award winning
 ultra-premium tequila brand is a handcrafted
 meticulously formulated tequila produced from only the highest quality blue agave plants from the Lowlands of Jalisco
 Mexico. Montalvo ensures the brand&#8217;s premium quality by handcrafting in small batches
 using hand-selected Blue Weber agave plants picked at the peak of maturity and employing a third distillation. Fourth-generation tequila producers Sergio and Carlos Gonzalez Rivera have combined their family&#8217;s ancient traditions with modern techniques
 resulting in a clean
 smooth and memorable tequila. Montalvo is available in four expressions: Plata
 Reposado
 A&#241;ejo and Extra-A&#241;ejo.





We maintain a relatively large inventory based on historical revenues in order to meet unknown customer delivery requirements of new independent distributors we are in the process of securing. We feel that the current production capacity of our primary supplier is sufficient to meet demand for the foreseeable future. In case of an unexpected surge in demand
 our primary supplier maintains contract manufacturing arrangements with third-party suppliers capable of producing large-scale volumes of our products. Based on the relatively short turnaround time from placing an order with our supplier to receiving the product
 we believe it will be able to effectively manage our inventory in the face of unknown demand.





Pursuant to the Exclusive Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 we own the trademark &#8220;Montalvo&#8221;. The trademark is registered in the United States
 Mexico
 Colombia
 Brazil and Argentina
 and is currently pending in the European Union. We consider the trademark to be valuable and important to our business.





The U.S. alcoholic beverage industry is a regulated
 three-tier system of suppliers
 distributors and retailers. We currently distribute the Montalvo Tequila brand through a network of independent distributors. We also maintain an arrangement with MHW
 Ltd.
 a third-party leading service provider to alcoholic beverage companies
 to import the Montalvo brand into the U.S. as well as to sell Montalvo directly to retailers in New York
 New Jersey and California. We hope to expand the number of independent distributors in certain existing markets and new markets
 when we have sufficient funds to maintain a larger marketing campaign.




















The alcohol beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with other alcohol beverage companies
 most of which have significantly more sales and resources than us
 and have been in business for much longer than we have. We compete with national and regional beverage producers and private label suppliers. Some of our largest competitors are Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Inc.
 Remy Cointreau S.A. and Constellation Brands
 Inc.


Over the last decade
 the wine and spirits industry in the United States has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major importers
 suppliers and distributors in the U.S. has declined significantly due to this consolidation. As a result
 we believe there is a great opportunity for smaller companies to develop high-quality
 high-margin brands
 which can grow to be very attractive acquisition candidates for the larger companies.


We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. By focusing on the premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Our U.S. sales force have built
 and should continue to build sound
 long standing relationships with distributors both locally and nationally as well as with their customers. Finally
 with the continued consolidation among the major companies that we have seen and expect to continue to see
 we feel there is an opportunity for small to mid-size spirits companies such as ours
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.


There can be no assurance that we will compete successfully with existing or new competitors
 or that the competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results or financial condition (See ITEM 1A &#8220;RISK FACTORS&#8221;).





We currently have no full time employees other than our executive officers. Our sales and marketing team consists of&#160;six (6) independent contractors
 which are all at-will contractors. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements.





Our auditors have issued a &#8220;going concern&#8221; opinion
 meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business.

As of March 31
 2015
 we had $50
757 in cash
 $20
985 in accounts receivable and $104
800 in inventories
 totaling $176
000 in assets as compared to $279
581 in total assets for March 31
 2014. The funds available to us will not be sufficient to fund our planned operations. If we do not substantially increase our sales
 we will require funding to continue our operations of which there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise funds or that if we do so that they will be on grounds that are favorable to us.





Members of management may serve in the future as an officer
 director or investor in other entities. Neither the Company nor any shareholder would have any interest in these projects. Management believes that they have sufficient resources to fully discharge their responsibilities to all projects they have organized or will organize in the future
 if any.





The production and marketing of our alcoholic beverages are subject to the rules and regulations of various Federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 including in particular the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&#8220;TTB&#8221;) as well as the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of all states in which our products are sold. The TTB also regulates labeling of our products.

















We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state
 and other regulations and that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations on a going-forward basis. There are no regulatory notifications or actions currently outstanding.


We currently do not incur any material costs in connection with our compliance with applicable environmental laws. Furthermore
 the cost of maintaining compliance with applicable environmental laws has not
 and we believe
 in the future
 will not
 have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.






We intend to make available through our website
 all of our filings with the Commission and all amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after filing
 by providing a hyperlink to the EDGAR website containing our reports.





The Company is required to file annual
 quarterly and special reports
 proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;). Investors may read and copy any document that the Company files
 including this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 450 F Street
 N.W.
 Washington
 DC 20549. Investors may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site at&#160;http://www.sec.gov&#160;that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 from which investors can electronically access the Company&#8217;s SEC filings.





&#160;&#160;&#160; Our principal executive offices are currently located at 5301 N. Commerce Ave.
 Suite F
 Moorpark
 CA and our telephone number is (818) 266-9286. We can be contacted by email at 



&#160;&#160;&#160; Our business
 financial condition
 operating results and prospects are subject to the following risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently foreseeable to us may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our Common Stock could decline
 and our stockholders may lose all or part of their investment in the shares of our Common Stock.

&#160;&#160;&#160; This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; or &#8220;anticipation&#8221; or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.







We have very limited funds
 and such funds are not adequate to develop our current business plan. We believe that for our company to be successful
 we will be required to spend significant sums to market our products. If the sales of our products do not enable us to meet this need
 our ultimate success may depend on our ability to raise additional capital. In the absence of additional financing or significant revenues and profits
 the we will have to approach our business plan from a much different and much more restricted direction
 attempting to secure additional funding sources to fund our growth
 borrowing money from lenders or elsewhere or to take other actions to attempt to provide funding. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed
 or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to us.























&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Investors must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies
 particularly in rapidly evolving and changing markets. Such risks include the following:























ability to effectively manage expanding operations; amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of our business
 operations
 and infrastructure; and












We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully address these risks
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition
 and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and we may not have the resources to continue or expand our business operations.





The worldwide and domestic economies have experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of credit and capital markets. This global economic situation could adversely impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. In addition
 unfavorable global or domestic economic situations could adversely impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers or customers could result in product delays
 possible accounts receivable defaults and inventory challenges. The inability of suppliers
 distributors or retailers to conduct business or to access liquidity could impact our ability to distribute our products.


There can be no assurance that market conditions will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products
 and create or exacerbate credit issues
 cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers. Depending upon their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial condition and results of operations. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the current disruption in the financial markets and the adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other markets.


We depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers.


We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary brands and those we distribute for others. These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in Mexico. For our proprietary products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill one or all of the manufacturing functions for a brand. For instance
 Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V. is the sole producer for Montalvo Tequila. The termination of our written or oral agreements or an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.



















In the control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.


Currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results.


For fiscal 2015
 non-U.S. operations accounted for none of our revenues but we are dependent upon resources in Mexico for the products we intend to market
 distribute and sell. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could cause fluctuations in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins from non-U.S. dollar-denominated international sales and inventory purchases. Our ability to acquire spirits and wine and produce and sell our products at favorable prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of the U.S. dollar. We may not be able to hedge against these risks.


If our inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes spoiled
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


We expect our inventory levels to fluctuate to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or modify the design of our products&#8217; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations.





We operate in an industry where performance is affected by the weather. Extreme changes in weather conditions may result in lower consumption of tequila and other alcoholic beverages. In particular
 unusually cold spells in winter or high temperatures in the summer can result in temporary shifts in customer preferences and impact demand for the alcoholic beverages we produce and distribute. Similar weather conditions in the future may have a material adverse effect on our sales which could affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 inclement weather may affect the availability of grain used to produce raw spirit
 which could result in a rise in raw spirit pricing that could negatively affect margins and sales.


Climate change
 or legal
 regulatory or market measures to address climate change
 may negatively affect our business
 operations or financial performance
 and water scarcity or poor quality could negatively impact our production costs and capacit


Our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources. There has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. Severe weather events and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we presently source our agricultural raw materials such as agave. Decreased availability of our raw materials may increase the cost of our products. Severe weather events or changes in the frequency or intensity of weather events can also disrupt our supply chain
 which may affect production operations
 insurance cost and coverage
 as well as delivery of our products to wholesalers
 retailers and consumers.


Water is essential in the production of our products. The quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of agave and our ability to operate our business. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and droughts become more severe
 there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose capacity constraints. Such events could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.




















The Company currently has an exclusive right to distribute all Casa Montalvo products throughout the world for a three-year term. The term will be extended indefinitely provided the Company hits minimal sales requirements. Any breach of the Distribution Agreement
 or an act of terminating cause
 could lead to the loss of the Company&#8217;s exclusive distribution rights
 for the respective jurisdictions which the Company operates
 which would have a material adverse effect on the business
 results of operations and financial condition.





Since we frequently enter into exclusive arrangements to market our products with unaffiliated agents
 our business and prospects depend in part on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&#8217; ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively apply for registration of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&#8217; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or our strategic partners&#8217; trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our sales and growth potential.


We operate in highly competitive industries
 and competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on our business.


The alcoholic beverages production and distribution industries in our region are intensely competitive. The principal competitive factors in these industries include product range
 pricing
 distribution capabilities and responsiveness to consumer preferences
 with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the market and the product. The alcoholic beverage industry competes with respect to brand recognition
 product quality
 brand loyalty
 customer service and price. Failure to maintain and enhance our competitive position could materially and adversely affect our business and prospects for business. Wholesaler
 retailer and consumer purchasing decisions are influenced by
 among other things
 the perceived absolute or relative overall value of our products
 including their quality or pricing
 compared to competitor&#8217;s products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing
 purchasing
 financing
 operational
 advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers
 state and provincial agencies
 and retailers which could affect their supply of
 or consumer demand for
 our products. We could also experience higher than expected selling
 general and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons.





While over the past several years there have been modest increases in consumption of beverage alcohol in most of our product categories and geographic markets
 there have been periods in the past in which there were substantial declines in the overall per capita consumption of beverage alcohol products in the U.S. and other markets in which we participate. A limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors
 including:




























A general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premise establishments
 such as may result from smoking bans and stricter laws related to driving while under the influence of alcohol;








Consumer dietary preferences favoring lighter
 lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 sports drinks and water products;

















Increased federal
 state
 provincial or foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing; and
































Our business of marketing and distributing alcoholic beverages in the United States is subject to regulation by national and local governmental agencies. These regulations and laws address such matters as licensing and permit requirements
 regarding the production
 storage and import of alcoholic products; competition and anti-trust matters; trade and pricing practices; taxes; distribution methods and relationships; required labeling and packaging; advertising; sales promotion; and relations with wholesalers and retailers. Loss of production capacity due to regulatory issues can negatively affect our sales and increase our operating costs as we attempt to increase production at other facilities during that time to offset the lost production. It is possible that we could have similar issues in the future that will adversely impact our sales and operating costs. Additionally
 new or revised regulations or requirements or increases in excise taxes
 customs duties
 income taxes
 or sales taxes could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


In addition
 we are subject to numerous environmental and occupational
 health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we plan to operate. We may incur significant costs to maintain compliance with evolving environmental and occupational
 health and safety requirements
 to comply with more stringent enforcement of existing applicable requirements or to defend against challenges or investigations
 even those without merit. Future legal or regulatory challenges to the industry in which we operate or our business practices and arrangements could give rise to liability and fines
 or cause us to change our practices or arrangements
 which could have a material adverse effect on us
 our revenues and our profitability.


Governmental regulation and supervision as well as future changes in laws
 regulations or government policy (or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations) that affect us
 our competitors or our industry generally
 strongly influence our viability and how we operate our business. Complying with existing laws
 regulations and government policy is burdensome
 and future changes may increase our operational and administrative expenses and limit our revenues.


Additionally
 governmental regulatory and tax authorities have a high degree of discretion and may at times exercise this discretion in a manner contrary to law or established practice. Such conduct can be more prevalent in jurisdictions with less developed or evolving regulatory systems like Mexico. Our business would be materially and adversely affected if there were any adverse changes in relevant laws or regulations or in their interpretation or enforcement. Our ability to introduce new products may also be affected if we cannot predict how existing or future laws
 regulations or policies would apply to such products or services.

If we fail to manage growth effectively or prepare for product scalability
 it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency
 product quality
 working capital levels and results of operations


Any significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial
 operational
 financial
 and other purposes. As of March 31
 2015
 we had no full time employees outside of our management team. During any period of growth
 we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls
 including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand
 train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify
 recruit
 maintain
 integrate
 and motivate new employees.


Aside from increased difficulties in the management of human resources
 we may also encounter working capital issues
 as we will need increased liquidity to finance the marketing of the products we sell
 and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management
 we will be required to continue improving our operations
 management
 and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers.





If our management team is unable to execute on its business strategies
 then our development
 including the establishment of revenues and our sales and marketing activities would be materially and adversely affected. In addition
 we may encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting
 forecasting and other process control issues presented by any future growth. We may seek to augment or replace members of our management team or we may lose key members of our management team
 and we may not be able to attract new management talent with sufficient skill and experience.

















If we are unable to retain key executives and other key affiliates
 our growth could be significantly inhibited and our business harmed with a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


Our success is
 to a certain extent
 attributable to the management
 sales and marketing
 and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel. The loss of such individuals could have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. We do not maintain key-person insurance for members of our management team because it is cost prohibitive at this point. If we lose the services of any member of senior management
 we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements
 and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel
 which could severely disrupt our business and prospects.


Our success in the future may depend on our ability to establish and maintain strategic alliances
 and any failure on our part to establish and maintain such relationships would adversely affect our market penetration and revenue growth.


Due to the regulated nature of the alcoholic beverage industry
 we will be required to establish strategic relationships with third parties. Our ability to establish strategic relationships will depend on a number of factors
 many of which are outside our control
 such as the competitive position of our product and marketing plan relative to our competitors. We may not be able to establish other strategic relationships in the future. In addition
 any strategic alliances that we establish may subject us to a number of risks
 including risks associated with sharing proprietary information
 loss of control of operations that are material to developed business and profit-sharing arrangements. Moreover
 strategic alliances may be expensive to implement and subject us to the risk that the third party will not perform its obligations under the relationship
 which may subject us to losses over which we have no control or expensive termination arrangements. As a result
 even if our strategic alliances with third parties are successful
 our business may be adversely affected by a number of factors that are outside of our control.

Our financial results may not meet the expectations of investors and may fluctuate because of many factors and
 as a result
 investors should not rely on our revenue and/or financial projections as indicative of future results.


Fluctuations in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations of investors may negatively impact the value of our securities. Operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors that could affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline. Investors should not rely on revenue or financial projections or comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As a result of the factors listed below
 it is possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of investors. This could cause the market price of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include:
















































Because our auditors have issued a going concern opinion
 there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


Our report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended March 31
 2015 includes an explanatory paragraph stating that our recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding
 our business
 prospects
 financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern
 we may have to liquidate our assets and may receive less than the value at which those assets are carried on our audited consolidated financial statements
 and it is likely that investors will lose all or a part of their investment.

















Our strategy may include acquiring companies which may result in unsuitable acquisitions or failure to successfully integrate acquired companies
 which could lead to reduced profitability.


We may embark on a growth strategy through acquisitions of companies or operations that complement existing product lines
 customers or other capabilities. We may be unsuccessful in identifying suitable acquisition candidates
 or may be unable to consummate desired acquisitions. To the extent any future acquisitions are completed
 we may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired companies or their operations
 or if integration is more difficult than anticipated
 we may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse impact on future profitability. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate
 or realize any anticipated benefits from
 acquisitions include:


















difficulties integrating the acquired company&#8217;s standards
 processes
 procedures and controls;























difficulties increasing the scope
 geographic diversity and complexity of our operations;







difficulties consolidating facilities
 transferring processes and know-how;































Demand for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and


Consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&#8217; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations.





We compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies which trend toward consolidation. It is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. The dollar amount and unit volume of our sales could be negatively affected by our inability to maintain or increase prices
 changes in geographic or product mix
 a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption or the decision of wholesalers
 retailers or consumers to purchase competitor&#8217;s products instead of our products. Wholesaler
 retailer and consumer purchasing decisions are influenced by
 among other things
 the perceived absolute or relative overall value of our products
 including their quality or pricing
 compared to competitor&#8217;s products. Unit volume and dollar sales could also be affected by pricing
 purchasing
 financing
 operational
 advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers
 state and provincial agencies
 and retailers which could affect their supply of
 or consumer demand for
 our products. We could also experience higher than expected selling
 general and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons.





Anti-alcohol groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.




















The alcoholic beverage industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has caused death or serious health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


Also
 lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&#8217; advertisements
 marketing and promotions violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed significantly.


Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


The production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and labeling of alcohol beverage products is subject to extensive regulation in all of the countries in which we operate. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


Further
 the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the U.S.
 at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.





Although we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1 million per occurrence and $2 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $1 million. Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.


If we become subject to product liability claims
 personal injury claims or defective products
 our business may be harmed.


The marketing and sale of our products entails risk of product liability and there can be no assurance that product liability claims will not be asserted against us. While we intend to obtain some business liability insurance
 insurance designed to cover product liability is expensive
 difficult to obtain in some cases and may not be available now or in the future on acceptable terms
 if at all. Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage will be adequate
 or that a product liability claim
 even one without merit
 would not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. As a result
 any imposition of product liability could materially harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 we do not have any business interruption insurance due to the limited coverage of any such business interruption insurance
 and as a result
 any business disruption or natural disaster could severely disrupt our business and operations and significantly decrease our revenue and profitability.

















Contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.


The success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.






Our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &#8220;TQLA.&#8221; The liquidity of our Common Stock may be very limited and affected by our limited trading market. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer market much less regulated than the major exchanges
 and is subject to abuses
 volatilities and shorting. There is currently no broadly followed and established trading market for our Common Stock. An established trading market may never develop or be maintained. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity of the shares traded.


The trading volume of our Common Stock is limited and sporadic. This situation is attributable to a number of factors
 including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts
 stock brokers
 institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume
 and that even if we came to the attention of such persons
 they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence
 there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our Common Stock will develop or be sustained
 or that current trading levels will be sustained. As a result of such trading activity
 the quoted price for our Common Stock on the OTCQB may not necessarily be a reliable indicator of our fair market value. In addition
 if our shares of Common Stock cease to be quoted
 holders would find it more difficult to dispose of or to obtain accurate quotation as to the market value of
 our Common Stock and as a result
 the market value of our Common Stock likely would decline.


The market price for our stock may be volatile and subject to fluctuations in response to factors
 including the following:


















































announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;







general technological
 market or economic trends;













































Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our Common Stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our Common Stock will be at any time
 including as to whether our Common Stock will sustain current market prices
 or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of Common Stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price.




















We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards of a national or other securities exchange and cannot ensure that we will ever satisfy such listing standards or that our Common Stock will be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges
 or our Common Stock is otherwise rejected for listing
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for our Common Stock may continue to be less liquid and the price may be subject to increased volatility.





A prolonged decline in the price of our Common Stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our Common Stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our Common Stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our Common Stock price declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able to have the resources to continue our normal operations.











A majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are &#8220;restricted securities&#8221; within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;) (&#8220;Rule 144&#8221;). As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a non-affiliate who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may sell their shares of Common Stock. Under Rule 144
 affiliates who have held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may
 under certain conditions
 sell every three months
 in brokerage transactions
 a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company&#8217;s outstanding shares of Common Stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTCQB). A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act
 if available
 or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of Common Stock
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of Common Stock in any active market that may develop.

If we issue additional shares or derivative securities in the future
 it will result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.


Our Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300
000
000 shares of Common Stock
 $0.001 par value per share. Our board of directors may choose to issue some or all of such shares
 or derivative securities to purchase some or all of such shares
 to provide additional financing in the future.





We have not declared any dividends in the past
 and we do not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration
 payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 the results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
 and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend.




















As a public company
 we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting.


We have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and costs associated with applicable corporate governance requirements. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. This may divert management&#8217;s attention from other business concerns
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules
 and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.


If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls
 we may not be able to report our financial results accurately. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.

We are required to establish and maintain internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and to comply with other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC. Our management will need to include a report on our internal control over financial reporting and its assessment on whether such internal controls were effective for the prior fiscal year with our annual reports that we file under the Exchange Act with the SEC. Under current federal securities laws
 our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective.

Our management has limited or no experience operating as a public reporting company under the Exchange Act or establishing the level of internal control over financial reporting required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our management currently relies in many instances on the professional experience and advice of third parties including our attorneys and accountants. At present
 we have started reviewing and instituting internal controls
 but it may take time to implement them fully as a newly public reporting company under the Exchange Act.

Our management cannot guarantee that our internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all possible errors. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no system of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and subject to simple error or mistake. Furthermore
 controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more persons
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.


Because we did not file our quarterly or annual reports with the SEC
 we were de-listed from the OTCQB.


OTCQB is the middle tier of the OTC market. OTCQB companies report to the SEC or a U.S. banking regulator
 making it easy for investors to identify companies that are current in their reporting obligations. There are no financial or qualitative standards to be in this tier. OTCQB securities may also be quoted on the FINRA BB. The OTCQB allows investors to easily identify reporting companies traded in the OTC market regardless of where they are quoted.


Under OTCQB rules relating to the timely filing of periodic reports with the SEC
 any OTCQB issuer who fails to file a periodic report (Forms 10-Q or 10-K) by the due date of such report may be removed from the OTCQB. Since we have not filed our quarterly or annual reports with the SEC since March 25
 2015
 we were de-listed from the OTCQB and our Common Stock may only be able to be traded on the OTC Pink and is designated with a &#8220;STOP&#8221; sign for failure to file information. The OTC Pink is the bottom tier of the OTC market &#8211; a speculative trading marketplace that helps broker-dealers get the best prices for investors. Accordingly
 our securities may become worthless and we may be forced to curtail or abandon our business plan.

















Persons associated with securities offerings
 including consultants
 may be deemed to be broker dealers.


In the event that any of our securities are offered without engaging a registered broker-dealer
 we may face claims for rescission and other remedies. If any claims or actions were to be brought against us relating to our lack of compliance with the broker-dealer requirements
 we could be subject to penalties
 required to pay fines
 make damages payments or settlement payments
 or repurchase such securities. In addition
 any claims or actions could force us to expend significant financial resources to defend our company
 could divert the attention of our management from our core business and could harm our reputation.











Trading in our Common Stock is subject to the &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer that recommends our Common Stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors
 must
 prior to the sale
 make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available
 the regulations require the delivery
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition
 broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our Common Stock
 which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our Common Stock.










We rent our executive office on a month to month basis for $625 per month.&#160;&#160;We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.






























Our Common Stock was initially traded on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol ACSR and was first quoted on October 18
 2011.&#160;&#160;From February 28
 2013
 our Common Stock has been quoted on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol TQLA. The table below sets forth the high and low prices for our Common Stock for the quarters included within the past two fiscal years. Quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down commission
 and may not represent actual transactions. Since our Common Stock trades sporadically
 there is not an established active public market for its Common Stock. No assurance can be given that an active market will exist for our Common Stock and we do not expect to declare dividends in the foreseeable future since we intend to utilize our earnings
 if any
 to finance our future growth
 including possible acquisitions.



























March 31
 2015



















December 31
 2014



















September 30
 2014



















June 30
 2014



















March 31
 2014



















December 31
 2013



















September 30
 2013



















June 30
 2013
























Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to vote at a meeting of Company&#8217;s stockholders. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Stockholders do not have any preemptive rights or other similar rights to acquire additional shares of Common Stock or other securities. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock
 holders of Common Stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors
 in its discretion
 declares from legally available funds. In the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then-outstanding preferred stock
 each outstanding share of Common Stock entitles its holder to participate ratably in all remaining assets of the Company that are available for distribution to stockholders after providing for each class of stock
 if any
 having preference over the Common Stock.


Holders of Common Stock have no conversion
 preemptive or other subscription rights
 and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred stock
 when and if any preferred stock is issued.





Our Amended Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 10
000
000 shares of &#8220;Blank Check&#8221; Preferred Stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 subject to any limitations prescribed by law
 without further vote or action by the stockholders. Each such series of Preferred Stock shall have such number of shares
 designations
 preferences
 voting powers
 qualifications
 and special or relative rights or privileges as shall be determined by our board of directors
 which may include
 among others
 dividend rights
 voting rights
 liquidation preferences
 conversion rights and preemptive rights.




As of March 31
 2015
 a total of&#160;75
466
969 shares of our Common Stock were outstanding and held by approximately ____ shareholders of record of our Common Stock. This figure does not reflect the persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms.&#160;&#160;Of this amount
&#160;23
839
286 shares are unrestricted. Approximately&#160;15
116
257 shares are restricted securities held by non-affiliates
 and&#160;36
511
426 shares are restricted securities held by affiliates. These shares may only be sold in accordance with Rule 144. As of March 31
 2015
 there were no warrants and no stock options to purchase our Common Stock outstanding.




















We have not paid any cash dividends since its inception. We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in our business
 and therefore we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.











During the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015
 March 30
 2014 and March 31
 2013
 we issued the following securities exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting or other compensation was paid in connection with these transactions:&#160;

Upon consummation of the Exchange Agreement on December 21
 2012
 the then majority stockholders of the Company surrendered 324
552
000 shares of our Common Stock which was cancelled upon receipt and we issued 59
000
016 shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement.



On December 21
 2012 we issued 200
000 shares of our Common Stock at $0.50 per share for a total of $100
000. $83
500 was received while the remaining $16
500 was recorded as stock subscription receivable
 which we received on April 30
 2013.

On February 12
 2013 we sold 12
500 shares of our Common Stock to one investor at $0.40 per share or $5
000.

On March 29
 2013 we issued 200
000 shares to a newly appointed member of our Board of Advisors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.50 per share or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.

On June 15
 2013 we sold 10
000 shares of our Common Stock to one investor at $0.05 per share or $5
000. We received payment by on July 2
 2013.

From July 1
 2013 to August 1
 2013 we issued 46
000 shares of our Common Stock at $0.50 per share
 or $23
000
 to five (5) individuals.

On July 15
 2013
 we entered into a Conversion and Release Agreement
 whereby we issued 32
500 shares of our Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation of $16
250 in notes payable
 including $15
000 in principal plus accrued interest of $1
250
 at $0.50 per share.&#160;

On July 15
 2013 we entered into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of signing in exchange for 111
000 shares of our Common Stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.

On August 29
 2013 we sold 100
000 shares of our Common Stock to an institutional investor at $0.50 per share or $50
000.

On August 29
 2013 we issued 603
000 shares of our Common Stock to an institutional investor in exchange for the investor committing to purchase up to $10
050
000 of our Common Stock over the next 24 months
 subject to certain terms and conditions.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.

On September 3
 2013 we issued 10
000 shares of our Common Stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $2
000.

On November 13
 2013 we issued 20
000 shares of our Common Stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $5
000.

On November 13
 2013 we sold 100
000 shares of our Common Stock to an institutional investor at $0.242 per share or $24
200.

On November 15
 2013 we sold 100
000 shares of our Common Stock to an institutional investor at $0.234 per share or $23
400
















On December 3
 2013 we sold 100
000 shares of our Common Stock to an institutional investor at $0.180 per share or $18
000.

On February 27
 2014 we issued 166
667 shares of our Common Stock to two investors at $0.15
 or $25
000.

On February 27
 2014 we entered into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of signing in exchange for 145
833 shares of our Common Stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.

On March 28
 2014 we entered into a Contribution Agreement with five individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of signing in exchange for an aggregate of 500
000 shares of our Common Stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.

On March 28
 2014 we issued 250
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.

On September 15
 2014 we effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&#8217;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#8220;Debentures&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;) in connection with the Investor&#8217;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160; The first Debenture in the principal amount of $150
000 (the Debenture) was issued on September 15
 2014.


On February 19
 2015
 we amended the Agreement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the amended Agreement
 the Company issued a second debenture in the face amount of $17
000 to the Investor (the &#8220;Second Debenture&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Second Debenture does not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.


On March 30
 2015
 we consummated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor a convertible note in the principal amount of $84
000.00
 bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (the &#8220;Convertible Note&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Convertible Note contains customary default provisions
 including provisions for potential acceleration of the Convertible Note
 a default premium and a default interest rate.&#160;&#160;The Convertible Note is payable
 along with any and all accrued interest
 on December 23
 2015. The principal balance of the Convertible Note is convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 at the election of the holder
 beginning 180 days after the issuance of the Convertible Note.&#160;&#160;The conversion price is equal to the Market Price (as such term is defined in the Convertible Note) multiplied by 61%.


On April 15
 2015 and May 15
 2015
 the Company issued 145
161 and 191
489 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.031 and $0.0235 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.

On April 1
 2015 and May 1
 2015
 the Company issued 137
931 and 163
265 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 and $0.0245 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.

On April 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with a company to provide marketing services for a period of six (6) months for from the date of signing in exchange for 1
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $43
500 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.

On July 23
 2015
 the Company issued 2
330
097 shares to each of its five officers in exchange for their services as executives of the Company. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $70
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.

On April 21
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of from the September 15
 2014 Debenture was converted into 1
532
332 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.016315 per share.

On May 20
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was converted into 2
236
135 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.01118 per share.

On April 23
 2015
 the Company sold 925
926 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.027 per share or $25
000.

On May 26
 2015
 the Company sold 11
363
630 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $250
000.

















On June 15
 2015
 we consummated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Company sold to the Investor 11
363
367 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;)
 at $.022 per share and warrants to purchase an additional 5
681
684 shares of Common Stock at the exercise price of $.022 per share (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Warrants are exercisable immediately and expire within three (3) years. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the investment to repay a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of Eighty-Four Thousand Dollars ($84
000) issued by the Company on March 30
 2015.

On June 29
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was converted into 2
727
768 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.009165 per share.

On July 15
 2015
 the Company sold 966
183 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.0207 per share or $20
000.

On August 28
 2015
 the Company sold 454
545 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $10
000.

On October 30
 2015
 Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of up to $540
000 of the Registrant&#8217;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#8220;Debentures&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty percent (60%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $2
900 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;) in connection with the Investor&#8217;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;The shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance.

Unless noted above
 the sales of the securities identified above were made pursuant to privately negotiated transactions that did not involve a public offering of securities and
 accordingly
 we believe that these transactions were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof and rules promulgated there under. Each of the above-referenced investors in our stock represented to us in connection with their investment that they were &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; (as defined by Rule 501 under the Securities Act) and were acquiring the shares for investment and not distribution
 that they could bear the risks of the investment and could hold the securities for an indefinite period of time. The investors received written disclosures that the securities had not been registered under the Securities Act and that any resale must be made pursuant to a registration or an available exemption from such registration. All of the foregoing securities are deemed restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act.

























The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our selected financial data and our financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this Annual Report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs and involve risks
 uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and under the headings &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Forward-Looking Statements.&#8221;




Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (Formerly Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.)

Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc. The Company originally intended to market and sell its planned secure online data storage through its intended website.



On December 21
 2012
 holders of a majority of the Company&#8217;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its name to &#8220;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&#8221; (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis (&#8220;the Amendment&#8221;).

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Casa Montalvo&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. Casa Montalvo develops markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.



On August 9
 2012
 the Company formed Montalvo Imports LLC (&#8220;LLC&#8221; or &#8220;Imports&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &#160;The LLC
 of which the Company is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as that of the Company.

Formation of Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.

On March 27
 2014
 the Company formed Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc. (&#8220;CBG&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Colorado.&#160;&#160;CBG
 of which the Company is the shareholder
 was formed to explore entry into the cannabis based beverage industry.



On December 21
 2012
 the Company
 entered into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with Casa Montalvo and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &#8220;Exchange&#8221;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Agreement (the &#8220;Closing&#8221;)
 the Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.
















Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate for 59
000
016 post-split (pre-split 1
817
891) shares of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Exchange Shares&#8221;). As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. The shareholders of Casa Montalvo beneficially owned approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant immediately after the consummation of the Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&#8217;s principal shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock.

As a result of the controlling financial interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger between the Company and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa Montalvo (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the acquisition.&#160;&#160;The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Casa Montalvo which are recorded at their historical cost.&#160;&#160;The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Casa Montalvo retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.





While our primary route to market is by selling directly to distributors
 who maintain extensive resources to sell to both on and off premise retail accounts
 including liquor stores
 grocery stores
 convenience stores
 bars and restaurants
 to build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: the distributors; the retail trade; and the end consumer. We believe advertising
 marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image and perception of our brand as we strive in building substantial brand value.


We employ
 in-house marketing
 sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree of focus on each of our products. We attempt to build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities including social media
 brand tastings
 as well as competitive spirits competitions. We use a variety of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques. Our significant public relations campaign has helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. Past and future event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands.





We develop
 market and/or distribute alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States. We sell our products through a network of established spirits distributors
 who are licensed to distribute alcoholic beverages throughout the United States. The We are federally licensed
 maintaining the right to sell to distributors in all markets in the U.S. and globally.


We intend to focus on growing the market share of our initial products
 the ultra-premium Montalvo line of tequilas
 whose expressions include Plata
 Reposado
 Anejo and Extra-Anejo. We own the Montalvo brand trademark and have exclusive worldwide master distribution rights to the brands.


We intend to grow our business by expanding our portfolio of premium alcoholic beverage brands
 including additional spirits categories
 as well as beer and wine
 through additional importation and distribution contracts of existing brands. In addition
 we may choose to develop new brands or acquire existing companies with their own brand portfolios.

















To achieve our goal of building a distinctive portfolio of premium craft spirits
 we seek to:










grow revenues by securing additional independent distributors for Montalvo Tequila in multiple states in the U.S. and potentially in additional countries internationally and by targeted marketing activities. We anticipate such marketing activities will require us to expend approximately $750
000. As the independent distributors are generally large
 well-recognized companies
 we feel that accounts receivable financing should be available
 though it may not be on favorable terms. We anticipate that increased sales revenues from Montalvo Tequila will contribute to improving our cash flow and provide additional liquidity from operations. We may require additional financing through private placements or issuance of notes payable
 and there is no assurance that such financing will be available. In the event we are not able to increase our working capital
 we will not be able to implement or may be required to delay all or part of our business plan
 and our ability to attain profitable operations
 generate positive cash flows from operating and investing activities and materially expand the business will be materially adversely affected.













explore the potential of developing or acquiring new or existing brands by identifying attractive acquisition candidates
 entering into negotiations and reaching agreements with these candidates and obtaining financing to acquire such brands. We estimate we will expend $15
000 to identify brands that are potential acquisition targets and $25
000 discussing and negotiating acquisition terms and drafting preliminary agreements; the funding required to acquire a potential target is too speculative to estimate. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of third party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business relationships may require significant management attention. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable to us
 if at all.








Based on the our cash balance at March 31
 2015 and projected cash needs for the remainder of 2015
&#160;management estimates that&#160;it will need to raise additional capital to cover operating and capital requirements for the 2015 year.&#160;Management plans on raising the additional needed funds through increased sales volume
 issuing additional shares of common stock or other equity securities
 or obtaining debt financing. Although we have been successful to date in raising necessary funding
 there can be no assurance that required future financing can be successfully completed on a timely basis
 or on terms acceptable to us.





We have an Exclusive Worldwide Distribution Agreement with Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila. Montalvo
 an award winning
 ultra-premium tequila brand is a handcrafted
 meticulously formulated tequila produced from only the highest quality blue agave plants from the Lowlands of Jalisco
 Mexico. Montalvo ensures the brand&#8217;s premium quality by handcrafting in small batches
 using hand-selected Blue Weber agave plants picked at the peak of maturity and employing a third distillation. Fourth-generation tequila producers Sergio and Carlos Gonzalez Rivera have combined their family&#8217;s ancient traditions with modern techniques
 resulting in a clean
 smooth and memorable tequila. Montalvo is available in four expressions: Plata
 Reposado
 A&#241;ejo and Extra-A&#241;ejo.





The U.S. alcoholic beverage industry is a regulated
 three-tier system of suppliers
 distributors and retailers. We currently distribute the Montalvo Tequila brand through a network of independent distributors. We also maintain an arrangement with MHW
 Ltd.
 a third-party leading service provider to alcoholic beverage companies
 to import the Montalvo brand into the U.S. as well as to sell Montalvo directly to retailers in New York
 New Jersey and California. We hope to expand the number of independent distributors in certain existing markets and new markets
 when we have sufficient funds to maintain a larger marketing campaign.




















Year ended March 31
 2015 compared to year ended March 31
 2014

 For the year ended March 31
 2015
 net sales were approximately $112
690 compared to $119
900 in net sales for the year ended March 31
 2014
 decrease of approximately 6%. The (decrease) was a result of our inability to pay our supplier for product to be sold.

&#160;&#160;Gross margin for the year ended March 31
 2015 was $(194
590)
 compared to $80
971 gross margin
 or approximately 67.5% of net sales for the year ended March 31
 2014
 which represents a decrease of approximately $275
560.&#160;&#160;This decrease in gross margin is attributable to inventory obsolescence and markdowns increased. We were also able to maintain margins due to the implementation of our premium product selling strategy implemented that targets premium price points
 targeted non-price discounting promotion for our products and low overhead.

Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses for the year ended March 31
 2015 amounted to approximately $368
273 compared to approximately $819
606 for the same period of the prior year
 a decrease of&#160;approximately $451
333.&#160;&#160;The (decrease) was primarily attributable to our reduced activity
 the reduction of executive officers and our inability to prepare our reports with the SEC.

Interest expense for the year ended March 31
 2015 was approximately $90
131 compared to $4
680 for the same period last year
 a net increase of $85
451 or 2000%.&#160;&#160;This increase is predominantly due to the issuance of additional promissory notes as compared to prior year.

 The above resulted in a net loss before income tax of $(826
756) for the year ended March 31
 2015 compared to a net loss before income tax of $(1
044
815) for the year ended March 31
 2014.




Our accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern.&#160;As of March 31
 2015
 we had a shareholders' equity deficit of approximately $1
190
203 compared with a deficit of approximately $622
982 at March 31
 2014
&#160;and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows since inception. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 we sustained a net loss before income tax of $826
756 compared to a net loss before income tax of $1
044
815 for the year ended March 31
 2014 and used cash of approximately $250
837 in operating activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 compared with approximately&#160;$215
738 for the year ended March 31
 2014.&#160;&#160;The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence.



&#160;&#160;Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 was approximately $250
837
 primarily from our loss of approximately $826
756&#160;&#160;net with non cash activities of $525
919 including an increase in accrued liabilities of $52
227 and $206
073 in stock based compensation.&#160;&#160;Changes in operating assets
 liabilities and sundry and other non cash activities were $165
372.

&#160;Net cash&#160;provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 was approximately $281
451 primarily from sale of common stock of $250
000 (and a net issuance of notes payable of $251
000).





We had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015 and have had limited revenues from operations through the period ended March 31
 2015. Further
 the Company has inadequate working capital to maintain or develop its operations
 and is dependent upon funds from private investors and the support of certain stockholders.






















As of March 31
 2015
 there were no off balance sheet arrangements.














The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 (ii) the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities known to exist as of the date the financial statements are published
 and (iii) the reported amount of net sales and expenses recognized during the periods presented. Adjustments made with respect to the use of estimates often relate to improved information not previously available. Uncertainties with respect to such estimates and assumptions are inherent in the preparation of financial statements; accordingly
 actual results could differ from these estimates. These estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenues
 costs and expenses during the reporting period. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions on a regular basis. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





 
&#8221; which is when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (2) delivery of products and services has occurred
 (3) the fee is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.





The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At March 31
 2014
 cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and cash in the bank.





Property and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets using principally the straight-line method. When items are retired or otherwise disposed of
 income is charged or credited for the difference between net book value and proceeds realized. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred
 and replacements and betterments are capitalized.



































At March 31
 2014
 property and equipment consisted of office equipment purchased during the period.





Long-Lived Assets
 such as property
 plant
 and equipment and purchased intangibles
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Any goodwill or other intangible assets are tested at least annually for impairment. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows
 an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no events or changes in circumstances that necessitated an impairment of long lived assets as of March 31
 2015.























ASC Topic 740 contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not
 that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes
 if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount
 which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating the Company's tax positions and tax benefits
 which may require periodic adjustments. At March 31
 2015
 the Company did not record any liabilities for uncertain tax positions.





The Company maintains its operating cash balances in banks located in California. The Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) insures accounts at each institution up to $100
000.&#160;&#160;At March 31
 2015
 the Company&#8217;s cash accounts were below the insured limit.





Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if stock options
 warrants
 and other commitments to issue Common Stock were exercised or equity awards vest resulting in the issuance of Common Stock that could share in the earnings of the Company. The Company does not have any options
 warrants or other Common Stock equivalents outstanding as of March 31
 2015.





The Company's financial instruments consist primarily of cash
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 and advances from affiliates. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments approximate their respective estimated fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The estimated fair value is not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company would realize in a current market exchange or from future earnings or cash flows.


ASC Topic 820
 &#8221; (&#8220;ASC Topic 820&#8221;) defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The standard provides a consistent definition of fair value that focuses on an exit price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The standard also prioritizes
 within the measurement of fair value
 the use of market-based information over entity specific information and establishes a three-level hierarchy for fair value measurements based on the nature of inputs used in the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date.


















inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 or inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities other than quoted prices
 either directly or indirectly
 including inputs in markets that are not considered to be active;











March 31
 2014


















In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. The amendments in this Update change the requirements for reporting discontinued operations in Subtopic 205-20.


Under the new guidance
 a discontinued operation is defined as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and &#8220;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#8217;s operations and financial results.&#8221; The ASU states that a strategic shift could include a disposal of (i) a major geographical area of operations
 (ii) a major line of business
 (iii) a major equity method investment
 or (iv) other major parts of an entity. Although &#8220;major&#8221; is not defined
 the standard provides examples of when a disposal qualifies as a discontinued operation.

The ASU also requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide more information about the assets
 liabilities
 income and expenses of discontinued operations. In addition
 the ASU requires disclosure of the pre-tax profit or loss attributable to a disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements.


The ASU is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.


In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements
 Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810
 Consolidation.


The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification
 thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition
 the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income
 cash flows
 and shareholder equity
 (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity
 (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged
 and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.


The amendments also clarify that the guidance in Topic 275
 Risks and Uncertainties
 is applicable to entities that have not commenced planned principal operations.


Finally
 the amendments remove paragraph 810-10-15-16. Paragraph 810-10-15-16 states that a development stage entity does not meet the condition in paragraph 810-10-15-14(a) to be a variable interest entity if (1) the entity can demonstrate that the equity invested in the legal entity is sufficient to permit it to finance the activities that it is currently engaged in and (2) the entity&#8217;s governing documents and contractual arrangements allow additional equity investments.


The amendments in this Update also eliminate an exception provided to development stage entities in Topic 810
 Consolidation
 for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity on the basis of the amount of investment equity that is at risk. The amendments to eliminate that exception simplify U.S. GAAP by reducing avoidable complexity in existing accounting literature and improve the relevance of information provided to financial statement users by requiring the application of the same consolidation guidance by all reporting entities. The elimination of the exception may change the consolidation analysis
 consolidation decision
 and disclosure requirements for a reporting entity that has an interest in an entity in the development stage.


The amendments related to the elimination of inception-to-date information and the other remaining disclosure requirements of Topic 915 should be applied retrospectively except for the clarification to Topic 275
 which shall be applied prospectively. For public business entities
 those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods therein.


Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity&#8217;s financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption
 entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915.


Management does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



































In accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)


 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer&#160;&#160;and principal financial officer
 the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are defined as those controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports it files or submits under the Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures
which are identified below.&#160;&#160;It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.













The Company utilizes a third party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management
 we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions.













. The Company does not have a formal audit committee with a financial expert
 and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the financial reporting process.





We intend to initiate measures to remediate the identified material weaknesses including
 but not necessarily limited to
 the following:










Establishing a formal review process of significant accounting transactions that includes participation of the Chief Executive Officer
 the Chief Financial Officer and the Company&#8217;s corporate legal counsel.








Forming an Audit Committee that will establish policies and procedures that will provide the Board of Directors a formal review process that will among other things
 assure that management controls and procedures are in place and being maintained consistently.























Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintain records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition 
 use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected.


As of March 31
 2015
 management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on this evaluation under the COSO Framework
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting are not effective as of March 31
 2015. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#8220;COSO&#8221;) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation
 they concluded that
 as of March 31
 2015
 such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.


The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company&#8217;s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company's Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of March 31
 2015 and communicated to our management.


Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2)
 (3) and (4) above did not have an affect on the Company's financial results. However
 management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company's determination to its financial statements for the future years.


We are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment
 we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.


Management believes that the appointment of more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company's Board. In addition
 management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further
 management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future.


We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements
 as necessary and as funds allow.




















There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended March 31
 2015 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.













 DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 PROMOTERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers
 their principal offices and positions and the date each such person became a director or executive officer. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns
 is removed by the Board or his successor is elected and qualified. Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal.































































President
 Director













Director of Sales
 Director








Alex Viecco
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto and from 2000 to 2011
 Mr. Viecco served as the Co-Founder and Vice President of New Era Debt Solutions
 in Camarillo
 California. Under Mr. Viecco&#8217;s leadership
 New Era Debt Solutions has become an industry leader
 providing debt resolution for thousands of clients throughout the United States. With his expertise in the debt resolution field
 Mr. Viecco has been featured in numerous industry publications. Mr. Viecco also worked as a Financial Consultant with a division of Citigroup
 and consistently led sales throughout his five-year tenure. While serving in this capacity
 Mr. Viecco managed
 supervised
 and trained dozens of representatives into successful positions
 and received multiple awards. The Company believed Mr. Viecco&#8217;s extensive business and finance expertise made him an ideal candidate to serve in these capacities.




 
 has served as the President of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto and from 2005 to the present
 Mr. Gonzalez Rivera has served as a Director of Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 a distillery located in Jalisco
 Mexico. From a young age
 Mr. Gonzalez Rivera began learning from his father and uncles all of the intricacies of the art of producing tequila
 from picking the perfect Blue Agave Weber plants
 to identifying the best time to harvest the plants to give the best yield. Sergio learned the secret of producing high quality Tequila is combining ancient techniques with modern world trends. His family&#8217;s experience in tequila business dates back to his great grandfather and Sergio has worked in a variety of positions in the industry from sales
 engineering
 product development
 customer service and management. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera earned a degree in Business Management
 Project Management
 Marketing
 Innovation and Strategies
 Real Estate Business
 and Sales from the University of Guadalajara. Mr. Rivera also continued his studies in Systems Engineering in Germany
 with a specialization in business and entrepreneurism. The Company believes Mr. Gonzalez Rivera&#8217;s distinguished career in the tequila industry and the region
 made him ideal for these positions. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera also serves as Councilman of the Municipality of Tequila
 Mexico.


Carlos Gonzalez Rivera

 has served as the Chief Operating of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto and from 2005 to the present
 served as President of Destilidora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 a distillery located in Jalisco
 Mexico. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera spent many years with his family learning the art of producing tequila. His particular interest was in harvesting the plants and learning their regional attributes and has been recognized by the local farmers as an instrumental representative to ensure fair trade in the region. Mr. Gonzalez Rivera graduated from the University of Guadalajara
 Mexico with a degree in Dentistry Medicine in 1994. After further studies and specializing as a dental surgeon
 he travelled to the United States to continue his studies in modern dental techniques
 where he worked with well-respected dentists in Oxnard
 California and Thousand Oaks
 California. The Company believes Mr. Rivera&#8217;s previous experience operating tequilerias make him an asset to the Company.

















Daniel Cahill

 has served as the Director of Sales of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. since 2011
 prior thereto and from 2011 to 2012 Mr. Cahill served as the Managing Director of Point Loma Capital
 Inc. Prior thereto and from 2001 to 2011
 Mr. Cahill served in various positions at Meyers Associates
 Aegis Capital and Maxim Group. Throughout his career
 he has executed a wide variety of financing transactions as an investment banker to numerous private and publicly traded companies
 as well as spending significant time and resources mentoring and developing new advisors on how to build and maintain client relationships. The Company believes Mr. Cahill&#8217;s experience in the finance industry would be an asset to the Company.





We do not
 at present
 have any employees other than the current directors and officers.











During the past ten years
 none of our current directors or executive officers has been:






































subject to any order
 judgment or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities;













found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 that has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;













subject of
 or a party to
 any order
 judgment
 decree or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or













subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization
 any registered entity or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.




None of our directors
 officers or affiliates
 or any beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock
 or any associate of such persons
 is an adverse party in any material proceeding to
 or has a material interest adverse to
 us or any of our subsidiaries.



Our Board of Directors has not established a separate audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). Instead the board of directors acts as the audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act.&#160;We intend on establishing an Audit Committee composed of independent directors of the Company. The audit committee's duties would be to recommend to the Company's board of directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit the Company's financial statements and to review its accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee would review the scope
 timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants
 including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee would at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are
 in the opinion of the Company's board of directors
 free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles.




















Our Board of Directors does not have a separate compensation committee responsible for determining executive and director compensation.&#160;&#160;Instead
 the board of directors fulfills this function
 and each member of the Board participates in the determination.&#160;&#160;Given the small size of the Company and its Board
 plus the Company's limited resources
 locating
 obtaining and retaining additional independent directors is extremely difficult.&#160;&#160;In the absence of independent directors
 the Board does not believe that creating a separate compensation committee would result in any improvement in the compensation determination process.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 the board of directors has concluded that the Company and its stockholders would be best served by having the entire board of director&#8217;s act in place of a compensation committee.&#160;&#160;When acting in this capacity
 the Board does not have a charter.





We have adopted a code of ethics meeting the requirements of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; provide full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws; ensure prompt internal reporting of violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the provisions of the code of ethic.&#160;&#160;A copy of our code of ethics is available without charge
 upon written request to:&#160;&#160;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 Attn:&#160;&#160;C.E.O.
 5301 N. Commerce Ave.
 Suite F
 California 93021.




The following table sets forth all of the compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to (i) each individual serving as the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer during the last three completed fiscal years ending March 31
 2015
 2014 and 2013; (ii) each other individual that served as an executive officer of the Company at the conclusion of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 and who received in excess of $100
000 in the form of salary and bonus during such fiscal year.




























































Meyer
 President
Secretary
 Treasurer&#160; 

































































&#160; 72
000



















&#160; 72
000













54
000








30
000
















84
000












72
000








187
612
















259
612
































&#160; 72
000





















&#160; 72
000


Chief Operating Officer
 Chief 








54
000








30
000
















84
000
















72
000








187
612
















259
612


































&#160; 72
000





















&#160; 72
000













54
000








30
000
















84
000














72
000








187
612
















259
612
































&#160; 72
000











&#160; 72
000













9
500








30
000
















39
500



















120
649
















120
649




*Mr. Myer resigned effective December 21
 2012
**Appointed December 21
 2012

























As of March 31
 2015
 none of our directors has received any compensation from us for serving as our director
 nor do we have any plans to compensate our directors until we have adequate funds to do so





On November 13
 2014
 the Company entered into employment agreements (the &#8220;Employment Agreements&#8221;) with each of Sergio Gonzalez as the Company&#8217;s President
 Carlos Gonzalez as then - Chief Operating Officer
 and Daniel Cahill as the Company&#8217;s Director of Sales. All of the Employment Agreements provide an initial term of employment from November 13
 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) until November 12
 2016
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. All of the Employment Agreements provide the employee with a salary of $72
000 per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2016.




 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 MANAGEMENT
 AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS.

The following table sets forth certain information
 as of March 31
 2015 (except as otherwise indicated)
 regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (i) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of the Common Stock
 (ii) each of our directors and nominees for director
 (iii) each of the Named Executive Officers (as defined below) and (iv) all our directors and executive officers as a group.&#160;&#160;As used in the table below
 the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security consists of sole or shared voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote
 and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
 including a right to acquire such power(s) during the 60 days immediately following March 31
 2015.&#160;&#160;As of March 31
 2015
 we had 75
466
969 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

Additionally
 unless otherwise noted
 the address of each person is: Care of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 5301 N. Commerce Ave.
 Suite F
 Moorpark
 CA 93021.
























8
787
596











3
911
343











8
787
596











8
787
596











30
274
131

































6
237
295









(a)&#160;&#160;Security ownership is direct unless indicated otherwise. Security ownership information for beneficial owners is taken from statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13(d)
 13(g) and 16(a) and/or information made known to the Company.
(b)&#160;&#160;Based on 75
466
969 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of March 31
 2015.



















Our Chief Financial Officer and our President control Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V. (&#8220;Huerta Real&#8221;)
 the producers of Montalvo Tequila. We have an outstanding note payable to Huerta Real in the principal amount of&#160;&#160;$320
000 that accrues interest at a rate of 5% per annum.&#160;&#160;We have not made any payment of principal or interest on this note to date. As such
 the largest aggregate principal amount on the note during 2015 and 2014
 and to date
 is $320
000.


Our Chief Executive Officer loaned the Company $2
000 on April 1
 2012 for which we issued a note payable in the amount of $2
000
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due


Currently
 there are no contemplated transactions that the Company may enter into with our officers
 directors or affiliates. If any such transactions are contemplated we will file such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction available for the public to view.













March
 2015








March
 2014



10
000












March
 2015











March
 2014

















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The aggregate fees in each of the last two years for the professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning were approximately:





March
 2015











March
 2014















&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; The aggregate fees in each of the last two years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant
 other than the services reported in paragraph (1) were approximately:





March 31
 2015











March 31
 2014

















































Agreement and Plan of Share exchange by and among Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
 Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 21
 2012*































































Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#







Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#






























Incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Form on 8-K
 filed with the Securities Commission on December 24
 2012
 as amended.






















Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






Dated: April __
 2016


MONTALVO SPIRITS
 INC.

















Title: Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman






















Title: Chief Financial Officer







Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated































April 8
 2016





















Chief Financial Officer
 and Director



April 8
 2016























President
 Director



April 8
 2016





















Director of Sales
 Director



April 8
 2016














































Agreement and Plan of Share exchange by and among Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.
 Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 dated December 21
 2012*




























































Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#



Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002#









Incorporated by reference to the Company&#8217;s Current Form on 8-K
 filed with the Securities Commission on December 24
 2012
 as amended.






















Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.


March 31
 2015 and 2014



















































































































Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&#160;&#160;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.&#160;&#160;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.&#160;&#160;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&#160;&#160;An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&#160;&#160;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.&#160;&#160;As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015
 a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.






/s/Li and Company
 PC
Li and Company
 PC


Skillman
 New Jersey
April 8
 2016





















Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.














&#160;March 31
 2015


&#160;March 31
 2014



























50
757



20
143







20
985



35
171







104
800



308
213







176
542



363
527

















176
542



363
527









































597
822



619
909







8
700



8
700







27
351



11
900



&#160;Convertible notes payable
 net of discount



1
556











137
691











346
000



26
000

















1
119
120



666
509

























&#160;Convertible notes payable
 net of discount



29
156











218
469







&#160;Notes payable - related parties
 net of current maturities







320
000

















247
625



320
000

















1
366
745



986
509

























&#160;Preferred stock par value $0.001: 10
000
000 shares authirozied;












&#160;Common stock par value $0.001: 300
000

&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 75
466
969 and 70
157
512 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively




75
467&#160;



70
158&#160;







2
360
298



2
106
072







(3
625
968



(2
799
212

















(1
190
203



(622
982

















176
542



363
527






























Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. 



















March 31
 2015




March 31
 2014
















112
697



119
916





























33
105



38
945







274
182





















307
287



38
945

















(194
590



80
971





























99
702



199
641







112
538



289
000







32
262



142
828







123
771



188
137

















368
273



819
606

















(562
863



(738
635

































301
500







158
368











15
394











90
131



4
680

















263
893



306
180

















(826
756



(1
044
815







































(826
756



(1
044
815




























































71
703
883



67
818
145































Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. 

For the Period from March 31
 2013 through March 31
 2015














































































































&#160;Balance
 March 31
 2013



67
112
512



67
113



1
358
352



(1
754
397



(328
932

















































&#160;at $0.50 per share on June 15
 2013



10
000







4
990







5
000

















































at $0.50 per share from July 5
 2013 to August 29
 2013



146
000







72
854







73
000

























Common stock issued for services on July 15
 2013




























111
000







55
389







55
500

















































accrued interest on July 15
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share



32
500







16
218







16
250

















































on August 29
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share



603
000







300
897







301
500

















































at $0.20 per share on September 3
 2013



10
000







1
990







2
000

















































at $0.20 per share on Novmber 13
 2013



20
000







4
980







5
000

















































at $0.242 per share on Novmber 13
 2013



100
000







24
140







24
240

















































at $0.234 per share on Novmber 15
 2013



100
000







23
300







23
400

















































at $0.20 per share on December 3
 2013



100
000







17
900







18
000

















































at $0.15 per share of February 28
 2014



166
667







24
833







25
000

















































vauled at $0.15 per share on February 28
 2014



145
833







21
729







21
875

























Common stock issued for services
























valued at $0.12 per share on March 28
 2014



1
500
000



1
500



178
500







180
000









































(1
044
815



(1
128
761

























&#160;Balance
 March 31
 2014



70
157
512



70
158



2
106
072



(2
799
212



(622
982

















































&#160;at $0.10 per share on June 16
 2014



11
111







1
100







1
111

















































&#160;at $0.10 per share on June 23
 2014



11
111







1
100







1
111

















































&#160;at $0.10 per share on June 30
 2014



11
111







1
100







1
111

















































&#160;at $0.10 per share from July 7
 2014 to August 15
 2014



144
443







14
300







14
444

















































at $0.075 per share of August 20
 2014



200
000







14
800







15
000

















































&#160;at $0.075 per share from August 25
 2014 to September 15
 2014



112
500







8
326







8
438

















































on September 12
 2014
 valued at $0.0711 per share



400
000







28
040







28
440

















































&#160;at $0.077 per share on October 6
 2014



11
111

































































&#160;at $0.077 per share on October 13
 2014



11
111

































































&#160;&#160;at $0.066 per share on October 15
 2014



37
500







2
438







2
475

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.05 per share on October 13
 2014



2
000
000



2
000



98
000







100
000

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.055 per share on November 17
 2014



377
500







20
385







20
763

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.03 per share on December 15
 2014



170
833







4
954







5
125

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.04 per share on January 15
 2015



137
500







5
362







5
500

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.08 per share on February 17
 2015



100
000







7
900







8
000

















































&#160;&#160;at $0.03 per share on March 15
 2015



200
000







7
800







8
000

















































&#160; at $0.0182 per share on March 27
 2015



1
373
626&#160;



1
374&#160;



23
626&#160;







25
000&#160;





































13
462







13
462









































(826
756



(826
756

























&#160;Balance
 March 31
 2015



75
466
969



75
467



2
360
298



(3
625
968



(1
190
203






























Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. 



















March 31
 2015



March 31
 2014


























(826
756



(1
044
815



















301
500







30
712











158
368











15
394











206
073



257
375



















14
186



(35
171







203
413



37
984







(52
227



267
389



















(250
837



(215
738

































16
500











8
550







89
100



15
000







(73
649



(3
100







251
000











15
000



175
640

















281
451



212
590

















30
614



(3
148

















20
143



23
291

















50
757



20
143



































3
185



4
680













































16
500











320
000







25
000



16
250
























 Inc.

March 31
 2015 and 2014








Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (Formerly Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.)


Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc. The Company originally intended to market and sell its planned secure online data storage through its intended website.





On December 21
 2012
 holders of a majority of the Company&#8217;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its name to &#8220;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&#8221; (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis (&#8220;the Amendment&#8221;).


CASA&#160;&#160;Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.


CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Casa Montalvo&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. Casa Montalvo develops markets and/or distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.





On August 9
 2012
 the Company formed Montalvo Imports LLC (&#8220;LLC&#8221; or &#8220;Imports&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &#160;The LLC
 of which the Company is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as that of the Company.





On December 21
 2012
 the Company
 entered into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with Casa Montalvo and the shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &#8220;Exchange&#8221;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Agreement (the &#8220;Closing&#8221;)
 the Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.


Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement
 the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate for 59
000
016 shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Exchange Shares&#8221;). As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. The shareholders of Casa Montalvo beneficially owned approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant immediately after the consummation of the Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&#8217;s principal shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock.


As a result of the controlling financial interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger between the Company and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa Montalvo (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the acquisition.&#160;&#160;The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Casa Montalvo which are recorded at their historical cost.&#160;&#160;The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Casa Montalvo retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.


Formation of Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.


On March 27
 2014
 the Company formed Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc. (&#8220;CBG&#8221;) under the laws of the State of Colorado.&#160;&#160;CBG
 of which the Company is the shareholder
 was formed to explore entry into the cannabis based beverage industry.&#160;&#160;CBG is currently inactive.



















The Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application.&#160;&#160;Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company&#8217;s financial condition and results and require management&#8217;s most difficult
 subjective
 or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company&#8217;s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles.

















of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to determine whether and how to consolidate another entity.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries&#8212;all entities in which a parent has a controlling financial interest&#8212;shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent
 the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3) consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
 and
 therefore
 as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.&#160;&#160;The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of ownership
 for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries
 in which the parent&#8217;s power to control exists.
















(date of acquisition
 if applicable)











CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.





April 4
 2011

















August 9
 2012











Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.





March 27
 2014








The consolidated financial statements include all accounts of the Company as of December 31
 2015 and 2014.
















































Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
 and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business










estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales
 historical loss levels
 and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts; 









pany&#8217;s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging
 review of inventory turns and historical sal














Management assumes that the realization of the Company&#8217;s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carry&#8211;forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses
 (b) general economic conditions
 and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering
 among other factors.









expected term of share options and similar instruments
 expected volatility of the Company&#8217;s common shares and the method used to estimate it
 expected annual rate of quarterly dividends
 and risk free rate(s) to value derivative liability
 share options and similar instruments.














These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions
 and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.


Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information
 changes in facts and circumstances
 historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate
 those estimates are adjusted accordingly.








The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;Paragraph 820-10-35-37&#8221;) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures
 paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.&#160;&#160;The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.&#160;&#160;The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below:






















Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.
































 discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.&#160;&#160;If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above
 the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.


The carrying amounts of the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.


The Company&#8217;s notes payable approximates the fair value of such instrument based upon management&#8217;s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.


The Company&#8217;s Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the derivative financial instruments for which there is no current market for these securities such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.&#160;&#160;The Company valued the automatic conditional conversion
 re-pricing/down-round
 change of control; default and follow-on offering provisions using a Monte Carlo model
 with the assistance of a valuation specialist
 for which management understands the methodologies. These models incorporate transaction details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
 volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.


Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.





The Company&#8217;s non-financial assets include inventories.&#160;&#160;The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates
 inventory levels and other factors.&#160;&#160;Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess and slow-moving inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any
 based on the historical results of physical inventory cycle counts.




Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2015:






















































356
160























356
160







356
160






Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2014:





























































































The table below provides a summary of the changes in fair value
 including net transfers in and/or out
 of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015:



























Balance
 March 31
 2014


































173
762





173
762














Purchases
 issuances and settlements




195
860





195
860



















(13
462





(13
462














Balance
&#160;March 31
 2015






356
160







356
160





























Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&#8217;s current credit worthiness
 as determined by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off experience
 customer specific facts and economic conditions.





Outstanding account balances are reviewed individually for collectability.&#160;&#160;The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&#8217;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company&#8217;s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative expenses
 if any.


The Company had no bad debt expense for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.











Pursuant to paragraphs 330-10-50-1 and 50-2 the basis of stating inventories shall be consistently applied and shall be disclosed in the financial statements; whenever a significant change is made therein
 there shall be disclosure of the nature of the change and
 if material
 the effect on income. A change of such basis may have an important effect upon the interpretation of the financial statements both before and after that change
 and hence
 in the event of a change
 a full disclosure of its nature and of its effect
 if material
 upon income shall be made. See paragraph 210-10-50-1.&#160;&#160;When substantial and unusual losses result from the application of the rule of lower of cost or market





We record inventory on the first-in
 first-out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice
 maturing spirits inventories are classified as current assets
 although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one&#160;year
 due to the duration of aging processes. Maturing spirits inventory includes costs of production such as warehousing and insurance. Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products
 the impact of new product introductions
 inventory turns
 product spoilage and specific identification of items
 such as product discontinuance
 material changes
 or regulatory-related changes.





The Company evaluates its current level of inventory considering historical sales and other factors and
 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements if future economic conditions
 customer demand or competition differ from expectations.


There was no inventory obsolescence for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.


There was no lower of cost or market adjustments for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.























 with respect to any specified Person
 any other Person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by or is under common control with such Person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&#8211;10&#8211;15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c)&#160;trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company and members of their immediate families; e)&#160;management of the Company and members of their immediate families; f)&#160;other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g.&#160; other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.


Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 850-10-50-1 and 50-5 financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
 expense allowances
 and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include:&#160;&#160;a)&#160;the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&#160;the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d)&#160;amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.





The Company allocates the proceeds received from convertible debt instruments between the liability component and equity component
 and records the conversion feature as a liability in accordance with subtopic 470-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;Subtopic 470-20&#8221;). The conversion feature and certain other features that are considered embedded derivative instruments
 such as a conversion reset provision
 a penalty provision and redemption option
 have been recorded at their fair value as its fair value can be separated from the convertible note and its conversion is independent of the underlying note value. The conversion liability is marked to market each reporting period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the Statement of Operations. The Company has also recorded the resulting discount on debt related to the conversion features and amortizes the discount using the effective interest rate method over the life of the debt instruments.





The Company evaluates its convertible debt
 options
 warrants or other contracts
 if any
 to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion
 exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion
 exercise or cancellation and then that the related fair value is reclassified to equity.

In circumstances where the embedded conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated
 the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single
 compound derivative instrument.

The classification of derivative instruments
 including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity
 is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company&#8217;s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock
 including evaluating the instrument&#8217;s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. The adoption of Section 815-40-15 has affected the accounting for (i) certain freestanding warrants that contain exercise price adjustment features and (ii) convertible bonds issued by foreign subsidiaries with a strike price denominated in a foreign currency.



















 combined embedded derivatives).&#160;&#160;The Binomial Lattice Model is based on future projections of the various potential outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion features.&#160;&#160;The Binomial Lattice Model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely to occur
 and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price
 exercise price
 volatility
 etc.).&#160;&#160;Projections were then made on the underlying factors which led to potential scenarios.&#160;&#160;Probabilities were assigned to each scenario based on management projections.&#160;&#160;This led to a cash flow projection and a probability associated with that cash flow.&#160;&#160;A discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios was completed to determine the value of the conversion features.





The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued
 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.&#160;&#160;The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.&#160;&#160;In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&#160;&#160;If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then the nature of the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material
 would be disclosed.


Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.





The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.&#160;&#160;The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.&#160;&#160;The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


















The Company accounts for shipping and handling fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160; While amounts charged to customers for shipping products are included in revenues
 the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as incurred.








Pursuant to ASC Section 718-10-20 an employee is an individual over whom the grantor of a share-based compensation award exercises or has the right to exercise sufficient control to establish an employer-employee relationship based on common law as illustrated in case law and currently under U.S. Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) Revenue Ruling 87-41. A nonemployee director does not satisfy this definition of employee. Nevertheless
 nonemployee directors acting in their role as members of a board of directors are treated as employees if those directors were elected by the employer&#8217;s shareholders or appointed to a board position that will be filled by shareholder election when the existing term expires. However
 that requirement applies only to awards granted to nonemployee directors for their services as directors. Awards granted to nonemployee directors for other services shall be accounted for as awards to non-employees.


Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 718-10-30-2 and 718-10-30-3 a share-based payment transaction with employees shall be measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued and an entity shall account for the compensation cost from share-based payment transactions with employees in accordance with the fair value-based method
 i.e.
 the cost of services received from employees in exchange for awards of share-based compensation generally shall be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments issued or the fair value of the liabilities incurred/settled.

















 to exercise share options). That estimate is based on the share price and other pertinent factors
 such as expected volatility
 at the grant date. As such
 the fair value of an equity share option or similar instrument shall be estimated using a valuation technique such as an option pricing model. For this purpose
 a similar instrument is one whose fair value differs from its intrinsic value
 that is
 an instrument that has time value.


If the Company&#8217;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#8217;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in its most recent private placement memorandum (&#8220;PPM&#8221;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.


Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-21 if an observable market price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
 an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:






















The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#8217; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1
 it may be appropriate to use the 


 if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

























The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.

























The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#8217;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.





Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 718-10-30-11 and 718-10-30-17 a restriction that stems from the forfeitability of instruments to which employees have not yet earned the right
 such as the inability either to exercise a non-vested equity share option or to sell non-vested shares
 is not reflected in estimating the fair value of the related instruments at the grant date. Instead
 those restrictions are taken into account by recognizing compensation cost only for awards for which employees render the requisite service and a non-vested equity share or non-vested equity share unit awarded to an employee shall be measured at its fair value as if it were vested and issued on the grant date.

















 with a corresponding credit to equity (generally
 paid-in capital). The requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for an award
 which often is the vesting period.&#160;&#160;The total amount of compensation cost recognized at the end of the requisite service period for an award of share-based compensation shall be based on the number of instruments for which the requisite service has been rendered (that is
 for which the requisite service period has been completed). An entity shall base initial accruals of compensation cost on the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected to be rendered. That estimate shall be revised if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of instruments is likely to differ from previous estimates. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected to be or has been rendered shall be recognized in compensation cost in the period of the change. Previously recognized compensation cost shall not be reversed if an employee share option (or share unit) for which the requisite service has been rendered expires unexercised (or unconverted).











Pursuant to ASC paragraphs 505-50-25-6 and 505-50-25-7
 a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it obtains the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services if it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless
 the goods or services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued (in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
 a grantor may conclude that an asset (other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments that are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific performance is required by the grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity by the grantor of the equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange for goods or services.


Pursuant to Paragraphs 505-50-25-8 and 505-50-25-9
 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments. A recognized asset
 expense
 or sales discount shall not be reversed if a stock option that the counterparty has the right to exercise expires unexercised.


Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 505-50-30-2 and 505-50-30-11 share-based payment transactions with nonemployees shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable.&#160;&#160;The issuer shall measure the fair value of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of the following dates
 referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty's performance is complete. If the Company&#8217;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#8217;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&#8217;s most recent private placement memorandum (&#8220;PPM&#8221;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.



















Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-21 if an observable market price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
 an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:






















The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#8217; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and holder&#8217;s expected exercise behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.&#160;&#160;The Company uses historical data to estimate holder&#8217;s expected exercise behavior.&#160;&#160;If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments is used as the expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

























The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.

























The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#8217;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.





Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-S99-1
 if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are not considered issued until they vest). Consequently
 there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should be recorded.





The Company adopted the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13.addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;Under paragraph 740-10-25-13
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&#160;&#160;The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.&#160;&#160;The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13.


The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition
 the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&#8217;s opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates
 additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.



















Earnings per share (EPS) is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.&#160;&#160;EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.&#160;&#160;Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.&#160;&#160;The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options or warrants.


45-21 through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint of the security holder.&#160;&#160;The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method. Equivalents of options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees
 stock purchase contracts
Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt shall be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
 if later). In applying the if-converted method
 conversion shall not be assumed for purposes of computing diluted EPS if the effect would be anti-dilutive.


The total amount of potentially outstanding dilutive common shares from the conversion of the convertible debt would be 14
462
940 and 0 for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.





The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&#8220;Indirect method&#8221;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&#160;&#160;The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows
 using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.





The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the&#160;financial statements were issued.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users
 such as through filing them on EDGAR.





In May 2014
 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 &#8220;


This guidance amends the existing FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606
&#160;


To achieve that core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps:

























































































 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.&#160; Qualitative and quantitative information is required about the following:












&#160;&#8211; including revenue and impairments recognized
 disaggregation of revenue
 and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations)













&#160;&#8211; determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time)
 and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations



















ASU 2014-09 is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period for all public entities. &#160;Early application is not permitted.


In August 2015
 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-14 &#8220;


The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.


In August 2014
 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15


In connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#8217;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events
 considered in the aggregate
when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
is used consistently with its use in Topic 450
 Contingencies.


When management identifies conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 management should consider whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and
 if so
 (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes):














































If conditions or events raise substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration of management&#8217;s plans
within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand all of the following:














































The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted.

















 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17 &#8220;


For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods.


In January 2016
 the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01 &#8220;






























Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment exists
 an entity is required to measure the investment at fair value.



























































Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements.



















For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.


Management does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.





The Company has elected to adopt early application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15
 


The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
 and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.


As reflected in the consolidated financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015
 a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.

The Company is attempting to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue; however
 the Company&#8217;s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company&#8217;s daily operations.&#160;&#160;While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering
 there can be no assurances to that effect.&#160;&#160;The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company&#8217;s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.































March 31
 2015




March 31
 2014












Note payable
 issued February 13
 2014
 in the principal amount of $15
000 with six minimum monthly payments totaling $16
800 in aggregate. The Company fully repaid the note.







11
900













Note payable
 issued June 10
 2014
 in the principal amount of $75
000 with eighteen weekly payments of $5
000.&#160;&#160;The Company repaid $45
000 in aggregate towards the principal of the note as of March 31
 2015.&#160;&#160;The note is currently past due.



25
000

















Note payable
 issued July 22
 2014
 in the principal amount of $6
000 with six minimum monthly payments of $6
720 in aggregate. The Company repaid $3
469 in aggregate towards the principal of the note.



2
531





































Convertible notes payable
 net



27
531



11
900








On September 15
 2014
 the Company effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&#8217;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#8220;Debentures&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;) in connection with the Investor&#8217;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement
 for the nine months following the date of the Agreement
 if the Registrant offers Common Stock (or other equity securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock) registered for sale under the Securities Act or proposes to file a registration statement (&#8220;Registration Statement&#8221;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering any of its securities other than (i) a registration on Form S-8 or S-4
 or any successor or similar forms; and (ii) a shelf registration under Rule 415 for the sole purpose of registering shares to be issued in connection with the acquisition of assets
 the Registrant will give the Investor the option to include the Commitment Shares and any shares of Common Stock into which the Debentures are convertible into in such Registration Statement.


The first Debenture was issued&#160;in the principal amount of $150
000 (the Debenture). On March 27
 2015
 $25
000 of principal was converted into 1
373
626 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.0182 per share. The Debenture was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts of $97
330 for a net value of $27
670 at March 31
 2015.


An additional Debenture in the principal amount of $100
000 may be issued by the Registrant to the Investor anytime sixty-one (61) days&#160;thereafter subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement (the &#8220;Second Closing&#8221;).&#160;&#160;A third Debenture in the principal amount of $100
000 may be issued by the Registrant to the Investor anytime sixty-one (61) days following the Second Closing subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.


The second Debenture was issued&#160;in the principal amount of $17
000 (the Debenture)and was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts of $15
514 for a net value of $1
466 at March 31
 2015.


On March 16
 2015
 the Company effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of an 8% convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of $84
000. The note matures on December 18
 2015 and pays interest at a rate of 8%
 per annum.&#160;The Debenture is convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty-one percent (61%) of the lowest thre trading prices
 as defined
 of the Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.


The Debenture is shown as a current liability net of a discounts of $82
444 for a net value of $1
556 at March 31
 2015.























On November 13
 2014
 the Company and Sergio Gonzalez (&#8220;SG&#8221;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;)
 to employ CG as the Company&#8217;s President. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 SG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.





On November 13
 2014
 the Company and Carlos Gonzalez (&#8220;CG&#8221;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;)
 to employ CG as the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 CG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.





On November 13
 2014
 the Company and Alex Viecco (&#8220;AV&#8221;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;)
 to employ AV as the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 AV is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.





On November 13
 2014
 the Company and Daniel Cahill (&#8220;DC&#8221;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#8220;Employment Agreement&#8221;)
 to employ DC as the Company&#8217;s Director of Sales. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 DC is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.


























































Point Loma Capital
 Inc.

































March 31
 2015




March 31
 2014












Note payable to Chief Executive Officer
 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 6
 2013
 The note is currently past due.



1
000



1
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.



10
000



10
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due



2
000



2
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
 The note is currently past due



2
000



2
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due



2
000



2
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due



2
000



2
000













Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014
 The note is currently past due



6
000



6
000













Note payable to a relative of the Chief Executive Officer
 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due



1
000



1
000













Note payable to Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
 The note is currently past due



320
000



320
000















346
000



346
000

















(346
000 



(26
000 













Notes payable &#8211; related parties
 net of current maturities







320
000








From time to time
 stockholders of the Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured
 non-interest bearing and due on demand.






















Upon formation the total number of shares of common stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Seventy Five Million (75
000
000) shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&#160;&#160;In December 2012
 an increase of the authorized shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000
 $0.001 par value
 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank check preferred stock was ratified
 effective upon the filing of an amendment to the Company&#8217;s Certificate of Incorporation.





Immediately prior to the consummation of the Exchange Agreement on December 21
 2012
 the Company had 332
251
996 common shares issued and outstanding.


Upon consummation of the Exchange Agreement on December 21
 2012
 the then majority stockholders of the Company surrendered 324
552
000 shares of the Company's common stock which was cancelled upon receipt and the Company issued 59
000
016 shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Agreement.





On June 15
 2013 the Company sold 10
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.05 per share or $5
000. Payment was received by the Company on July 2
 2013.


From July 1
 2013 to August 1
 2013 the Company issued 46
000 shares of its common stock at $0.50 per share
 or $23
000
 to five (5) individuals.


On July 15
 the Company entered into a Conversion and Release Agreement
 whereby the Company issued 32
500 shares of its Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation of $16
250 in notes payable
 including $15
000 in principal plus accrued interest of $1
250
 at $0.50 per share.&#160;


On August 29
 2013 the Company sold 100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.50 per share or $50
000.


On September 3
 2013 the Company issued 10
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $2
000.


On November 13
 2013 the Company issued 20
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $5
000.


On November 13
 2013 the Company sold 100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.242 per share or $24
200.


On November 15
 2013 the Company sold 100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.234 per share or $23
400


On December 3
 2013 the Company sold 100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.180 per share or $18
000.


On February 27
 2014 the Company issued 166
667 shares of its common stock to two investors at $0.15
 or $25
000.


On August 20
 2014
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.075 per share
 or $15
000.





On March 29
 2013 the Company issued 200
000 shares to a newly appointed member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Advisors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent volume PPM price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On March 28
 2014 the Company issued 250
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $120
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On November 13
 2014 the Company issued 500
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.05 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.



















On July 15
 2013 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of signing in exchange for 111
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent PPM price of the Company&#8217;s common stock or $55
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On February 27
 2014 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of signing in exchange for 145
833 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.15 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $21
875 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On March 28
 2014 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with five individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of signing in exchange for an aggregate of 500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the close price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $60
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On each of June 16
 2014
 June 23
 2014 and June 30
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.10 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $1
111 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On each of July 7
 2014
 July 14
 2014
 July 21
 2014
 July 28
 2014
 August 4
 2014
 August 11
 2014
 August 18
 2014
 August 25
 2014
 September 1
 2014
 September 8
 2014
 September 15
 2014
 September 22
 2014
 September 29
 2014
 October 6
 2014
 and October 13
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued from $0.063 to $0.10 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance.


On each of July 15
 2014
 August 15
 2014
 September 15
 2014
 October 15
 2014
 November 15
 2014
 and December 15
 2014
 the Company issued 37
500 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued from $0.03 to $0.075 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On September 15
 2014
 Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&#8217;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#8220;Debentures&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;) in connection with the Investor&#8217;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;The shares were valued at $0.0711 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance.


On November 17
 2014 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with three individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of signing in exchange for an aggregate of 377
500 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.055 per share
 the close price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $20
763 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On December 15
 2014
 the Company issued 133
333 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On January 15
 2015
 the Company issued 137
500 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On February 17
 2015 the Company issued 50
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.08 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On March 15
 2015
 the Company issued 200
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.



















On August 29
 2013
 the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund
 LLC (&#8220;Lincoln Park or LPC&#8221;)
 (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase up to $10
050
000 of Company common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over a twenty-four (24) month period.&#160;&#160;Also on August 29
 2013
 Montalvo entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
 (the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;)
 with Lincoln Park
 in which Montalvo filed with the SEC the registration statement to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 the shares that have been or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement.


Under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement
 the Company has the right to sell to and LPC is obligated to purchase up to $10
050
000 in shares of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock
 subject to certain limitations
 from time to time
 over the 24 month period commencing on November 7
 2013
 the date that the registration statement
 which the Company agreed to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) pursuant to the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement
 was declared effective by the SEC. The Company may
 from time to time and at its&#8217; sole discretion
 direct Lincoln Park to purchase shares of Company common stock in amounts up to 100
000 shares on any single business day so long as at least one business day has passed since the most recent purchase or up to $500
000 per purchase plus an additional &#8220;accelerated amount&#8221; under certain circumstances.&#160;&#160;There are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement
 and Montalvo will control the timing and amount of any sales of common stock to Lincoln Park. The purchase price of the shares that may be sold to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement will be based on the market price of our common stock immediately preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase Agreement without any fixed discount; provided that in no event will such shares be sold to Lincoln Park when the closing sale price is less than $0.25 per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price per share will be equitably adjusted for any reorganization
 recapitalization
 non-cash dividend
 stock split
 or other similar transaction occurring during the business days used to compute such price. The Company may at any time in its&#8217; sole discretion terminate the Purchase Agreement without fee
 penalty or cost upon one business day notice.&#160;&#160;Lincoln Park may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement.


In connection with the entry into the Purchase Agreement the Company issued 603
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor in exchange for the investor committing to purchase up to $10
050
000 of the Company&#8217;s common stock over the next 24 months
 subject to certain terms and conditions.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent PPM price of the Company&#8217;s common stock or $301
500 on the date of grant and were expensed as financing expense upon issuance.























For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2015




For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014




















































































No customer in accounts receivable were over 10% at March 31
 2015 or 2014.






At March 31
 2015
 the Company had net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carry&#8211;forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $3
625
968 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2035. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards because the Company believes that the realization of the Company&#8217;s net deferred tax assets of approximately $1
232
829 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance.


Deferred tax&#160;assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards.&#160;&#160;The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization.&#160;&#160;The valuation allowance increased approximately $281
097 and $355
257 for the Fiscal Year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

























March 31
 2014




March 31
 2013

































1
232
829







951
732



















(1
232.829







(951
732
















Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance


































March 31







March 31
 2014




















































































































On April 15
 2015 and May 15
 2015
 the Company issued 145
161 and 191
489 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.031 and $0.0235 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On April 1
 2015 and May 1
 2015
 the Company issued 137
931 and 163
265 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 and $0.0245 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


On April 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with a company to provide marketing services for a period of six (6) months for from the date of signing in exchange for 1
500
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $43
500 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On July 23
 2015
 the Company issued 2
330
097 shares to each of its five officers in exchange for their services as executives of the Company. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $70
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


On April 21
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of issued on September 15
 2014 (the &#8220;Debenture&#8221;) was converted into 1
532
332 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.016315 per share.


On May 20
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was converted into 2
236
135 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.01118 per share.


On April 23
 2015
 the Company sold 925
926 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.027 per share or $25
000.


On May 26
 2015
 the Company sold 11
363
630 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $250
000.


On June 29
 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was converted into 2
727
768 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $0.009165 per share.


On July 15
 2015
 the Company sold 966
183 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.0207 per share or $20
000.


On August 28
 2015
 the Company sold 454
545 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $10
000.


On October 30
 2015
 Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) with an accredited investor (the &#8220;Investor&#8221;) for the purchase and sale of up to $540
000 of the Registrant&#8217;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#8220;Debentures&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a conversion price equal to sixty percent (60%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $2
900 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#8220;Commitment Shares&#8221;) in connection with the Investor&#8217;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;The shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of issuance.

























    













1.&#160;&#160;Casa Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
 a California corporation
2.&#160;&#160;Montalvo Imports LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
3.&#160;&#160;Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.














    














I
 Alex Viecco
 certify that:


1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;);


2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting;

5. The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.





Date: April 8
 2016












Title: Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman























    











I
 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
 certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;);

2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;



(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting;

5. The Registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.





Date: April 8
 2016












Title: Chief Financial Officer























    









18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


The undersigned
 Alex Viecco
 Chief Executive Officer&#160;of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:








the annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. for the period ended March 31
 2015 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and











the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.









Date: April 8
 2016












Title: Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman









A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and will be retained by Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.














    









18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


The undersigned
 Carlos Gonzalez Rivera
 Chief Financial Officer of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:








the annual report on Form 10-K of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. for the period ended March 31
 2015&#160;&#160;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and











the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.









Date: April 8
 2016












Title: Chief Financial Officer
 Director









A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and will be retained by Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty-one percent (61%) of the lowest thre trading prices
 as defined

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

 Inc. (Formerly&#13;Advanced Cloud Storage

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of Advanced Cloud Storage

 2012
 holders of a majority&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&amp;#146;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its&#13;name to &amp;#147;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&amp;#148; (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of&#13;capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000


 Inc. (&amp;#147;Casa&#13;Montalvo&amp;#148;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. Casa Montalvo develops markets and/or&#13;distributes alcoholic beverages

 2012
 the Company formed&#13;Montalvo Imports LLC (&amp;#147;LLC&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;Imports&amp;#148;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &amp;#160;The LLC
 of which&#13;the Company is the sole member

 2012
 the Company
 entered&#13;into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &amp;#147;Exchange Agreement&amp;#148;) with Casa Montalvo and the&#13;shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &amp;#147;Exchange&amp;#148;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Agreement (the&#13;&amp;#147;Closing&amp;#148;)

&#13;the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of&#13;an aggregate for 59
000
016 shares of the Registrant&amp;#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#147;Exchange Shares&amp;#148;).&#13;As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. The shareholders of Casa Montalvo&#13;beneficially owned approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant&#13;immediately after the consummation of the Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&amp;#146;s principal&#13;shareholder agreed to retire 10
000

 for financial statement reporting purposes


 2014
 the Company formed&#13;Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc. (&amp;#147;CBG&amp;#148;) under the laws of the State of Colorado.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;CBG
 of which the Company&#13;is the shareholder


 subjective
&#13;or complex judgments

&#13;the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3)&#13;consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant&#13;to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
&#13;and
 therefore
 as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding&#13;voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The power to control may also exist with&#13;a lesser percentage of ownership
 for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company&#13;consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries








 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
&#13;and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management&amp;#146;s&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales
 historical&#13;loss levels
 and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts; &lt;/font&gt;and general economic conditions that may affect&#13;a client&amp;#146;s ability to pay&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;. The Company evaluated the key factors and assumptions used&#13;to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(iii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory Obsolescence and Markd&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;owns&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;:&#13;&lt;/font&gt;The Com&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;pany&amp;#146;s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is&#13;based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging
 review of inventory turns and historical sal&lt;/font&gt;es experiences. The C&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;om&lt;/font&gt;pany&amp;#146;s&#13;estimate of reserve for inventory shrinkage&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt; is based on the historical results of physical&#13;inventory cycle counts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(iv)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management&#13;assumes that the realization of the Company&amp;#146;s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;)&#13;carry&amp;#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely&#13;than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management&#13;made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses
 (b) general economic conditions
 and (c) its ability&#13;to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering
 among other factors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(v)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of derivative liability&#13;and equity instruments&lt;/i&gt;: Management estimates &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;expected term of share options and similar&#13;instruments
 expected volatility of the Company&amp;#146;s common shares and the method used to estimate it
 expected annual rate&#13;of quarterly dividends
 and risk free rate(s) to value derivative liability



 changes in facts and circumstances
&#13;historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate

 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures




 such as cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities


 re-pricing/down-round
 change of control; default and follow-on offering provisions using a Monte Carlo model
 with&#13;the assistance of a valuation specialist
 for which management understands the methodologies. These models incorporate transaction&#13;details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
&#13;volatility

 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings&#13;may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made

&#13;inventory levels and other factors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of&#13;inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess&#13;and slow-moving inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any






 including net transfers in and/or out
 of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value&#13;on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the fiscal year ended March 31

 March 31

762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;173
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Purchases
 issuances and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195



&amp;#160;March 31



 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company performs on-going credit&#13;evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&amp;#146;s current credit worthiness
&#13;as determined by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical&#13;write-off experience



 there shall be disclosure of the nature of the change and
 if material
 the effect on income.&#13;A change of such basis may have an important effect upon the interpretation of the financial statements both before and after that&#13;change
 and hence
 in the event of a change
 a full disclosure of its nature and of its effect
 if material

&#13;first-out (&amp;#147;FIFO&amp;#148;) method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice
 maturing spirits inventories are&#13;classified as current assets
 although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one&amp;#160;year
 due&#13;to the duration of aging processes. Maturing spirits inventory includes costs of production such as warehousing and insurance.&#13;Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory&#13;based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products
 the impact of new product introductions
 inventory turns
&#13;product spoilage and specific identification of items
 such as product discontinuance
 material changes

 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the&#13;income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements&#13;if future economic conditions



 with respect to any&#13;specified Person
 any other Person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by&#13;or is under common control with such Person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);&#13;b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under&#13;the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&amp;#150;10&amp;#150;15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;&#13;c)&amp;#160;trusts for the benefit of employees

 other than compensation arrangements
&#13;expense allowances
 and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include:&amp;#160;&amp;#160;a)&amp;#160;the&#13;nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal&#13;amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary&#13;to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&amp;#160;the dollar amounts of transactions&#13;for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the&#13;terms from that used in the preceding period; and d)&amp;#160;amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance&#13;sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot&#13;be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not&#13;exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made

 and records the conversion feature as a&#13;liability in accordance with subtopic 470-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;Subtopic 470-20&amp;#148;). The&#13;conversion feature and certain other features that are considered embedded derivative instruments
 such as a conversion reset provision
&#13;a penalty provision and redemption option

 options
 warrants or other contracts
 if any
 to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify&#13;as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting&#13;Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market&#13;each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
&#13;the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion
 exercise&#13;or cancellation of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion

 the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a&#13;single

&#13;including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity


 combined embedded derivatives).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Binomial Lattice Model is based on future projections of the various potential&#13;outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion features.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Binomial&#13;Lattice Model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely&#13;to occur
 and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price
 exercise price
 volatility

 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when&#13;one or more future events occur or fail to occur.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment&#13;inherently involves an exercise of judgment.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending&#13;against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings

 then the estimated&#13;liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the assessment indicates that&#13;a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then&#13;the nature of the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material


 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been&#13;rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable


 nonemployee directors acting in their role as members of a board of directors are treated as employees if those directors&#13;were elected by the employer&amp;#146;s shareholders or appointed to a board position that will be filled by shareholder election&#13;when the existing term expires. However

 i.e.

 to exercise&#13;share options). That estimate is based on the share price and other pertinent factors
 such as expected volatility
 at the grant&#13;date. As such
 the fair value of an equity share option or similar instrument shall be estimated using a valuation technique such&#13;as an option pricing model. For this purpose
 a similar instrument is one whose fair value differs from its intrinsic value
 that&#13;is

 however
 if the Company&amp;#146;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices&#13;established in its most recent private placement memorandum (&amp;#147;PPM&amp;#148;)

&#13;an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in&#13;paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum

 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&amp;#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1
 it may be appropriate to use the &lt;i&gt;simplified method&lt;/i&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;i.e.
 expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2)&lt;/i&gt;

 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index


&#13;such as the inability either to exercise a non-vested equity share option or to sell non-vested shares
 is not reflected in estimating&#13;the fair value of the related instruments at the grant date. Instead

 with a corresponding credit to equity (generally
 paid-in capital). The&#13;requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for an award
 which&#13;often is the vesting period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The total amount of compensation cost recognized at the end of the requisite service period&#13;for an award of share-based compensation shall be based on the number of instruments for which the requisite service has been rendered&#13;(that is

 a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it&#13;obtains the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services&#13;if it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless
 the goods&#13;or services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued&#13;at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee&#13;to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn&#13;the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued&#13;(in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
 a grantor may conclude that an asset&#13;(other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested

 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after&#13;a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance&#13;conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity&#13;had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments.&#13;A recognized asset
 expense

 whichever is more reliably measurable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The issuer shall measure&#13;the fair value of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the&#13;earlier of the following dates
 referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the&#13;counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty's&#13;performance is complete. If the Company&amp;#146;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share&#13;price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&amp;#146;s most recent private placement memorandum&#13;(&amp;#147;PPM&amp;#148;)

 an entity shall&#13;estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11&#13;and takes into account
 at a minimum


 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index


&#13;if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity&#13;instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are&#13;not considered issued until they vest). Consequently

 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than&#13;not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has&#13;a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also&#13;provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes


 the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&amp;#146;s&#13;opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies&#13;from estimates

 the term is used to refer to either earnings&#13;or loss per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant&#13;to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders&#13;(the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income&#13;available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether&#13;or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from&#13;continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The computation of&#13;diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional&#13;common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect&#13;the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement

 stock purchase contracts
 and partially paid stock subscriptions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under&#13;the treasury stock method: a.&amp;#160;Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time&#13;of issuance
 if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b.&amp;#160;The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to&#13;be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. c.&amp;#160;The incremental shares (the difference&#13;between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of&#13;the diluted EPS computation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-40 through 45-42 convertible securities shall be reflected&#13;in diluted EPS by application of the if converted method.&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt shall&#13;be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
 if later). In applying the if-converted&#13;method

462
940 and 0 for the reporting period ended March&#13;31
 2015 and 2014

 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether&#13;they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or&#13;reconciliation method (&amp;#147;Indirect method&amp;#148;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities&#13;by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating&#13;cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows

 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed&#13;to users


 creating a new Topic 606


 amount
 timing

 disaggregation&#13;of revenue
 and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the&#13;remaining performance obligations)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant judgments and changes in judgments&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#150; determining the timing of&#13;satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time)

 2016


 certain not-for-profit entities
 and&#13;certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


 an entity&amp;#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions&#13;or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern&#13;within one year after the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are issued &lt;/i&gt;(or within one year after the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial&#13;statements are available to be issued &lt;/i&gt;when applicable). Management&amp;#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions&#13;and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are issued &lt;/i&gt;(or at the date that&#13;the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are available to be issued &lt;/i&gt;when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable&#13;that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are issued (or available to be issued). The term &lt;i&gt;probable &lt;/i&gt;is used consistently with its use in Topic 450

 management should consider&#13;whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating&#13;effect of management&amp;#146;s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively&#13;implemented and
 if so

 but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration&#13;of management&amp;#146;s plans

 and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration&#13;of management&amp;#146;s plans
 an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that there is &lt;i&gt;substantial doubt&#13;about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern &lt;/i&gt;within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally

 2016


 the amendments&#13;in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016




 the amendments in this Update&#13;are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted



 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization&#13;of assets

 the Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015

 the Company&amp;#146;s cash position may not be sufficient to&#13;support the Company&amp;#146;s daily operations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to further&#13;implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or&#13;private offering


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable
 issued February 13
 2014
 in the principal amount of $15
000 with six minimum monthly payments totaling $16

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable
 issued June 10
 2014
 in the principal amount of $75
000 with eighteen weekly payments of $5
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company repaid $45
000 in aggregate towards the principal of the note as of March 31
 2015.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The note is currently past due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25

 issued July 22
 2014
 in the principal amount of $6
000 with six minimum monthly payments of $6
720 in aggregate. The Company repaid $3
469 in aggregate towards the principal of the note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2





 2014
 the Company effectuated&#13;a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with an accredited investor (the &amp;#147;Investor&amp;#148;) for the&#13;purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&amp;#146;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the&#13;&amp;#147;Debentures&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%)&#13;of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately&#13;preceding the date of conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000&#13;shares of restricted Common Stock (the &amp;#147;Commitment Shares&amp;#148;) in connection with the Investor&amp;#146;s due diligence review&#13;of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to the Agreement&#13;and a Registration Rights Agreement
 for the nine months following the date of the Agreement
 if the Registrant offers Common Stock&#13;(or other equity securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock) registered for sale under the Securities Act or&#13;proposes to file a registration statement (&amp;#147;Registration Statement&amp;#148;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering&#13;any of its securities other than (i) a registration on Form S-8 or S-4
 or any successor or similar forms; and (ii) a shelf registration&#13;under Rule 415 for the sole purpose of registering shares to be issued in connection with the acquisition of assets

000 (the &amp;#34;Debenture&amp;#34;). On March 27
 2015
 $25
000 of principal was converted into 1
373
626&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at $0.0182 per share. The Debenture was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts&#13;of $97
330 for a net value of $27
670 at March 31

000 may be issued by the Registrant to the Investor anytime sixty-one (61) days&amp;#160;thereafter subject to the satisfaction&#13;of the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement (the &amp;#147;Second Closing&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;A third Debenture in the&#13;principal amount of $100

000 (the &amp;#34;Debenture&amp;#34;)and was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts of $15
514 for&#13;a net value of $1
466 at March 31

 2015
 the Company effectuated&#13;a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with an accredited investor (the &amp;#147;Investor&amp;#148;) for the&#13;purchase and sale of an 8% convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of $84
000. The note matures on December 18
 2015&#13;and pays interest at a rate of 8%
 per annum.&amp;#160;The Debenture is convertible into shares of the Registrant&amp;#146;s common stock
&#13;par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty-one percent (61%) of the lowest&#13;thre trading prices
 as defined

444 for a net value of $1
556 at March 31


 2014
 the Company and&#13;Sergio Gonzalez (&amp;#147;SG&amp;#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &amp;#147;Employment Agreement&amp;#148;)
 to employ CG&#13;as the Company&amp;#146;s President. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &amp;#147;Effective&#13;Date&amp;#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement.&#13;Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 SG is entitled to a salary of $72
000&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;per annum for the period beginning on the&#13;Effective Date through November 12

 2014
 the Company and&#13;Carlos Gonzalez (&amp;#147;CG&amp;#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &amp;#147;Employment Agreement&amp;#148;)
 to employ CG&#13;as the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the&#13;&amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of&#13;the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 CG is entitled to a salary of $72
000&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;per annum for&#13;the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12

 2014
 the Company and&#13;Alex Viecco (&amp;#147;AV&amp;#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &amp;#147;Employment Agreement&amp;#148;)
 to employ AV as&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the&#13;&amp;#147;Effective Date&amp;#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of&#13;the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 AV is entitled to a salary of $72
000&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;per annum for&#13;the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12

 2014
 the Company and&#13;Daniel Cahill (&amp;#147;DC&amp;#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &amp;#147;Employment Agreement&amp;#148;)
 to employ DC as&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s Director of Sales. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &amp;#147;Effective&#13;Date&amp;#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement.&#13;Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 DC is entitled to a salary of $72
000&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;per annum for the period beginning on the&#13;Effective Date through November 12



 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to Chief Executive Officer
 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 6
 2013


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to a relative of the Chief Executive Officer
 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;346
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;346





 stockholders of the&#13;Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured


000
000) shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In&#13;December 2012
 an increase of the authorized shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000
&#13;$0.001 par value
 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank&#13;check preferred stock was ratified

 2012
 the Company had 332
251

 2012
 the then majority stockholders of the Company surrendered 324
552
000 shares of the Company's common stock&#13;which was cancelled upon receipt and the Company issued 59
000

 2013 the Company sold 10
000&#13;shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.05 per share or $5
000. Payment was received by the Company on July 2

 2013 to August 1
 2013&#13;the Company issued 46
000 shares of its common stock at $0.50 per share
 or $23
000

 the Company entered into&#13;a Conversion and Release Agreement
 whereby the Company issued 32
500 shares of its Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation&#13;of $16
250 in notes payable
 including $15
000 in principal plus accrued interest of $1
250

 2013 the Company sold&#13;100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.50 per share or $50

 2013 the Company issued&#13;10
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $2

 2013 the Company issued&#13;20
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $5

 2013 the Company sold&#13;100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.242 per share or $24

 2013 the Company sold&#13;100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.234 per share or $23

 2013 the Company sold&#13;100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.180 per share or $18

 2014 the Company issued&#13;166
667 shares of its common stock to two investors at $0.15
 or $25

 2014
 the Company issued&#13;200
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.075 per share
 or $15

 2013 the Company issued&#13;200
000 shares to a newly appointed member of the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Advisors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#13;These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent volume PPM price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 or $100

 2014 the Company issued&#13;250
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully&#13;vested and non-forfeitable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance
 or $120

 2014 the Company issued&#13;500
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully&#13;vested and non-forfeitable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares were valued at $0.05 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance
 or $100

 2013 the Company entered&#13;into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of signing&#13;in exchange for 111
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#13;These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent PPM price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock or $55

 2014 the Company entered&#13;into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of&#13;signing in exchange for 145
833 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#13;These shares were valued at $0.15 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or&#13;$21

 2014 the Company entered&#13;into a Contribution Agreement with five individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of&#13;signing in exchange for an aggregate of 500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested&#13;and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the close price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date&#13;of issuance
 or $60

 2014
 June 23
 2014&#13;and June 30
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services&#13;to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.10 per share
 the&#13;closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $1

 2014
 July 14
 2014
&#13;July 21
 2014
 July 28
 2014
 August 4
 2014
 August 11
 2014
 August 18
 2014
 August 25
 2014
 September 1
 2014
 September 8
&#13;2014
 September 15
 2014
 September 22
 2014
 September 29
 2014
 October 6
 2014
 and October 13
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are&#13;fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued from $0.063 to $0.10 per share

 2014
 August 15
&#13;2014
 September 15
 2014
 October 15
 2014
 November 15
 2014
 and December 15
 2014
 the Company issued 37
500 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#13;These shares were valued from $0.03 to $0.075 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date of issuance

 2014
 Montalvo Spirits
&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#147;Registrant&amp;#148;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with an accredited&#13;investor (the &amp;#147;Investor&amp;#148;) for the purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&amp;#146;s original issue discount&#13;convertible debentures (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Debentures&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible&#13;into shares of the Registrant&amp;#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;) at a conversion&#13;price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the&#13;twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor&#13;a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &amp;#147;Commitment Shares&amp;#148;) in connection with&#13;the Investor&amp;#146;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the&#13;Investor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The shares were valued at $0.0711 per share

 2014 the Company entered&#13;into a Contribution Agreement with three individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of&#13;signing in exchange for an aggregate of 377
500 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested&#13;and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.055 per share
 the close price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date&#13;of issuance
 or $20

 2014
 the Company issued&#13;133
333 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares&#13;are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance

 2015
 the Company issued&#13;137
500 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares&#13;are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance

 2015 the Company issued&#13;50
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares&#13;are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.08 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance

 2015
 the Company issued&#13;200
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares&#13;are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance


 2013
 the Company entered&#13;into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund
 LLC (&amp;#147;Lincoln Park or LPC&amp;#148;)
 (the &amp;#147;Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;)&#13;pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase up to $10
050
000 of Company common stock (subject to certain limitations) from&#13;time to time over a twenty-four (24) month period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Also on August 29
 2013
 Montalvo entered into a Registration Rights&#13;Agreement
 (the &amp;#147;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#148;)
 with Lincoln Park
 in which Montalvo filed with the SEC the registration&#13;statement to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act

 the Company has the right to sell to and LPC is obligated to purchase up to $10
050
000 in shares of&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock
 subject to certain limitations
 from time to time
 over the 24 month period commencing on November&#13;7
 2013
 the date that the registration statement
 which the Company agreed to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#147;SEC&amp;#148;) pursuant to the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement
 was declared effective by the SEC. The Company&#13;may
 from time to time and at its&amp;#146; sole discretion
 direct Lincoln Park to purchase shares of Company common stock in amounts&#13;up to 100
000 shares on any single business day so long as at least one business day has passed since the most recent purchase&#13;or up to $500
000 per purchase plus an additional &amp;#147;accelerated amount&amp;#148; under certain circumstances.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There&#13;are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement
 and Montalvo will control the timing and amount&#13;of any sales of common stock to Lincoln Park. The purchase price of the shares that may be sold to Lincoln Park under the Purchase&#13;Agreement will be based on the market price of our common stock immediately preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase&#13;Agreement without any fixed discount; provided that in no event will such shares be sold to Lincoln Park when the closing sale&#13;price is less than $0.25 per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price per share will&#13;be equitably adjusted for any reorganization
 recapitalization
 non-cash dividend
 stock split
 or other similar transaction occurring&#13;during the business days used to compute such price. The Company may at any time in its&amp;#146; sole discretion terminate the Purchase&#13;Agreement without fee

000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor in exchange for the investor&#13;committing to purchase up to $10
050
000 of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock over the next 24 months
 subject to certain terms&#13;and conditions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the&#13;most recent PPM price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock or $301


 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 1.8pt; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31


 2015
 the Company had net&#13;operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carry&amp;#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $3
625
968 that may be offset against&#13;future taxable income through 2035. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards because&#13;the Company believes that the realization of the Company&amp;#146;s net deferred tax assets of approximately $1
232
829 was not considered&#13;more likely than not and accordingly

097 and $355
257&#13;for the Fiscal Year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31

232








 2015 and May 15
 2015
&#13;the Company issued 145
161 and 191
489 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for&#13;services to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.031 and $0.0235&#13;per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the dates of issuance

 2015 and May 1
 2015
 the&#13;Company issued 137
931 and 163
265 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services&#13;to be provided.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 and $0.0245 per&#13;share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the dates of issuance

 2015
 the Company entered&#13;into a Contribution Agreement with a company to provide marketing services for a period of six (6) months for from the date of&#13;signing in exchange for 1
500
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.&#13;These shares were valued at $0.029 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or&#13;$43

 2015
 the Company issued&#13;2
330
097 shares to each of its five officers in exchange for their services as executives of the Company. These shares are fully&#13;vested and non-forfeitable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&amp;#146;s common&#13;stock on the date of issuance
 or $70

 2015
 $25
000 of principal of issued on September&#13;15
 2014 (the &amp;#147;Debenture&amp;#148;) was converted into 1
532

 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was&#13;converted into 2
236

 2015
 the Company sold&#13;925
926 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.027 per share or $25

 2015
 the Company sold 11
363
630&#13;shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $250

 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was&#13;converted into 2
727

 2015
 the Company sold 966
183&#13;shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.0207 per share or $20

 2015
 the Company sold&#13;454
545 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $10

 2015
 Montalvo Spirits
&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#147;Registrant&amp;#148;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;) with an accredited&#13;investor (the &amp;#147;Investor&amp;#148;) for the purchase and sale of up to $540
000 of the Registrant&amp;#146;s original issue discount&#13;convertible debentures (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Debentures&amp;#148;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible&#13;into shares of the Registrant&amp;#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#147;Common Stock&amp;#148;) at a conversion&#13;price equal to sixty percent (60%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty&#13;(20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee&#13;consisting of $2
900 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &amp;#147;Commitment Shares&amp;#148;) in connection with the&#13;Investor&amp;#146;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;shares were valued at $0.03 per share

    
    

&#13;the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3)&#13;consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant&#13;to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
&#13;and
 therefore
 as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding&#13;voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The power to control may also exist with&#13;a lesser percentage of ownership
 for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company&#13;consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries








    

 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
&#13;and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management&amp;#146;s&#13;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales
 historical&#13;loss levels
 and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts; &lt;/font&gt;and general economic conditions that may affect&#13;a client&amp;#146;s ability to pay&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;. The Company evaluated the key factors and assumptions used&#13;to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(iii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory Obsolescence and Markd&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;owns&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;:&#13;&lt;/font&gt;The Com&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;pany&amp;#146;s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is&#13;based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging
 review of inventory turns and historical sal&lt;/font&gt;es experiences. The C&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;om&lt;/font&gt;pany&amp;#146;s&#13;estimate of reserve for inventory shrinkage&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt; is based on the historical results of physical&#13;inventory cycle counts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(iv)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets&lt;/i&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management&#13;assumes that the realization of the Company&amp;#146;s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;)&#13;carry&amp;#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely&#13;than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management&#13;made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses
 (b) general economic conditions
 and (c) its ability&#13;to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering
 among other factors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.75in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(v)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt; background-color: white&gt;&lt;i&gt;Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of derivative liability&#13;and equity instruments&lt;/i&gt;: Management estimates &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;expected term of share options and similar&#13;instruments
 expected volatility of the Company&amp;#146;s common shares and the method used to estimate it
 expected annual rate&#13;of quarterly dividends
 and risk free rate(s) to value derivative liability



 changes in facts and circumstances
&#13;historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate


 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures




 such as cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities


 re-pricing/down-round
 change of control; default and follow-on offering provisions using a Monte Carlo model
 with&#13;the assistance of a valuation specialist
 for which management understands the methodologies. These models incorporate transaction&#13;details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
&#13;volatility

 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings&#13;may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made


&#13;inventory levels and other factors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of&#13;inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess&#13;and slow-moving inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any







 including net transfers in and/or out
 of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value&#13;on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the fiscal year ended March 31

 March 31

762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;173
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Purchases
 issuances and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195



&amp;#160;March 31



    

 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB&#13;Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company performs on-going credit&#13;evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&amp;#146;s current credit worthiness
&#13;as determined by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical&#13;write-off experience




 there shall be disclosure of the nature of the change and
 if material
 the effect on income.&#13;A change of such basis may have an important effect upon the interpretation of the financial statements both before and after that&#13;change
 and hence
 in the event of a change
 a full disclosure of its nature and of its effect
 if material

&#13;first-out (&amp;#147;FIFO&amp;#148;) method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice
 maturing spirits inventories are&#13;classified as current assets
 although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one&amp;#160;year
 due&#13;to the duration of aging processes. Maturing spirits inventory includes costs of production such as warehousing and insurance.&#13;Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory&#13;based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products
 the impact of new product introductions
 inventory turns
&#13;product spoilage and specific identification of items
 such as product discontinuance
 material changes

 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the&#13;income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements&#13;if future economic conditions




 with respect to any&#13;specified Person
 any other Person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by&#13;or is under common control with such Person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);&#13;b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under&#13;the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&amp;#150;10&amp;#150;15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;&#13;c)&amp;#160;trusts for the benefit of employees

 other than compensation arrangements
&#13;expense allowances
 and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include:&amp;#160;&amp;#160;a)&amp;#160;the&#13;nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal&#13;amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary&#13;to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&amp;#160;the dollar amounts of transactions&#13;for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the&#13;terms from that used in the preceding period; and d)&amp;#160;amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance&#13;sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot&#13;be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not&#13;exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made


 and records the conversion feature as a&#13;liability in accordance with subtopic 470-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;Subtopic 470-20&amp;#148;). The&#13;conversion feature and certain other features that are considered embedded derivative instruments
 such as a conversion reset provision
&#13;a penalty provision and redemption option


 options
 warrants or other contracts
 if any
 to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify&#13;as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting&#13;Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market&#13;each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
&#13;the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion
 exercise&#13;or cancellation of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion

 the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a&#13;single

&#13;including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity


 combined embedded derivatives).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Binomial Lattice Model is based on future projections of the various potential&#13;outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion features.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Binomial&#13;Lattice Model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely&#13;to occur
 and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price
 exercise price
 volatility


 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when&#13;one or more future events occur or fail to occur.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment&#13;inherently involves an exercise of judgment.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending&#13;against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings

 then the estimated&#13;liability would be accrued in the Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial statements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the assessment indicates that&#13;a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then&#13;the nature of the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material



 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been&#13;rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable




 nonemployee directors acting in their role as members of a board of directors are treated as employees if those directors&#13;were elected by the employer&amp;#146;s shareholders or appointed to a board position that will be filled by shareholder election&#13;when the existing term expires. However

 i.e.

 to exercise&#13;share options). That estimate is based on the share price and other pertinent factors
 such as expected volatility
 at the grant&#13;date. As such
 the fair value of an equity share option or similar instrument shall be estimated using a valuation technique such&#13;as an option pricing model. For this purpose
 a similar instrument is one whose fair value differs from its intrinsic value
 that&#13;is

 however
 if the Company&amp;#146;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices&#13;established in its most recent private placement memorandum (&amp;#147;PPM&amp;#148;)

&#13;an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in&#13;paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum

 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&amp;#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1
 it may be appropriate to use the &lt;i&gt;simplified method&lt;/i&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;i.e.
 expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2)&lt;/i&gt;

 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index


&#13;such as the inability either to exercise a non-vested equity share option or to sell non-vested shares
 is not reflected in estimating&#13;the fair value of the related instruments at the grant date. Instead

 with a corresponding credit to equity (generally
 paid-in capital). The&#13;requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for an award
 which&#13;often is the vesting period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The total amount of compensation cost recognized at the end of the requisite service period&#13;for an award of share-based compensation shall be based on the number of instruments for which the requisite service has been rendered&#13;(that is


 a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it&#13;obtains the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services&#13;if it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless
 the goods&#13;or services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued&#13;at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee&#13;to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn&#13;the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued&#13;(in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
 a grantor may conclude that an asset&#13;(other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested

 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after&#13;a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance&#13;conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity&#13;had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments.&#13;A recognized asset
 expense

 whichever is more reliably measurable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The issuer shall measure&#13;the fair value of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the&#13;earlier of the following dates
 referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the&#13;counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty's&#13;performance is complete. If the Company&amp;#146;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share&#13;price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&amp;#146;s most recent private placement memorandum&#13;(&amp;#147;PPM&amp;#148;)

 an entity shall&#13;estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11&#13;and takes into account
 at a minimum


 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index


&#13;if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity&#13;instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are&#13;not considered issued until they vest). Consequently


 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than&#13;not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has&#13;a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also&#13;provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes


 the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&amp;#146;s&#13;opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies&#13;from estimates



 stock purchase contracts
 and partially paid stock subscriptions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under&#13;the treasury stock method: a.&amp;#160;Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time&#13;of issuance
 if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b.&amp;#160;The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to&#13;be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. c.&amp;#160;The incremental shares (the difference&#13;between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of&#13;the diluted EPS computation.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-40 through 45-42 convertible securities shall be reflected&#13;in diluted EPS by application of the if converted method.&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt shall&#13;be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
 if later). In applying the if-converted&#13;method

462
940 and 0 for the reporting period ended March&#13;31
 2015 and 2014


 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether&#13;they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or&#13;reconciliation method (&amp;#147;Indirect method&amp;#148;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#13;to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities&#13;by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating&#13;cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows


 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed&#13;to users



 creating a new Topic 606


 amount
 timing

 disaggregation&#13;of revenue
 and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the&#13;remaining performance obligations)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant judgments and changes in judgments&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#150; determining the timing of&#13;satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time)

 2016


 certain not-for-profit entities
 and&#13;certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


 an entity&amp;#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions&#13;or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern&#13;within one year after the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are issued &lt;/i&gt;(or within one year after the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial&#13;statements are available to be issued &lt;/i&gt;when applicable). Management&amp;#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions&#13;and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are issued &lt;/i&gt;(or at the date that&#13;the &lt;i&gt;financial statements are available to be issued &lt;/i&gt;when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#146;s ability&#13;to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable&#13;that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are issued (or available to be issued). The term &lt;i&gt;probable &lt;/i&gt;is used consistently with its use in Topic 450

 management should consider&#13;whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating&#13;effect of management&amp;#146;s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively&#13;implemented and
 if so

 but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration&#13;of management&amp;#146;s plans

 and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration&#13;of management&amp;#146;s plans
 an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that there is &lt;i&gt;substantial doubt&#13;about the entity&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern &lt;/i&gt;within one year after the date that the financial statements&#13;are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally

 2016


 the amendments&#13;in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016




 the amendments in this Update&#13;are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017

 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted















 March 31

762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;173
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Purchases
 issuances and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;195



&amp;#160;March 31




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable
 issued February 13
 2014
 in the principal amount of $15
000 with six minimum monthly payments totaling $16

900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; line-height: 107%; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable
 issued June 10
 2014
 in the principal amount of $75
000 with eighteen weekly payments of $5
000.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company repaid $45
000 in aggregate towards the principal of the note as of March 31
 2015.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The note is currently past due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25

 issued July 22
 2014
 in the principal amount of $6
000 with six minimum monthly payments of $6
720 in aggregate. The Company repaid $3
469 in aggregate towards the principal of the note.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2





 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to Chief Executive Officer
 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 6
 2013


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to a relative of the Chief Executive Officer
 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 7.75pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-indent: -9pt; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable to Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
 The note is currently past due&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;346
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;346






 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 1.8pt; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;March 31

232








    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Inputs







      



 Inputs



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      



000




000
000 shares authorized; 75
466
969 and 70
157
512 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















 2013 to August 29




 2013 to August 29




 2013




 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share




 2013




 2013




 2013




 2013




























































 valued at $0.12 per share on March 28




 valued at $0.12 per share on March 28




































 2014 to August 15




 2014 to August 15












 2014 to September 15




 2014 to September 15




 2014




 2014



















































































      

      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      

      

      






      

      


      






      












      






      


      






      


      


      


      









      


      






      

      

      





      


      


      






      

      


      


      













      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      













      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items


      







      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      










      

      

      





 Valuation Allowance



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Apr. 08
 2016
Sep. 30
 2014













 Inc.



























  2015





























































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



466
969











895
554

























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











757


143





985


171





800


213





542


527





542


527












822


909





700


700





351


900



Convertible notes payable
 net of discount

556







691







000


000





119
120


509










Convertible notes payable
 net of discount

156







469





Notes payable - related parties
 net of current maturities



000





625


000





366
745


509










Preferred stock par value $0.001: 10
000
000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding






Common stock par value $0.001: 300
000
000 shares authorized; 75
466
969 and 70
157
512 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

467


158





360
298


106
072





625
968)


799
212)





190
203)


982)





542


527







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date
 including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 compensation costs
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations)
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1)
(5))



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 which are not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014









Preferred Stock
 Par Value Per Share (in dollars per share)






Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued






Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding






Common Stock
 Par Value Per Share (in dollars per share)






Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares Issued

466
969


157
512



Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

466
969


157
512

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











697


916












105


945





182







287


945





590)


971












702


641





538


000





262


828





771


137





273


606





863)


635)














500





368







394







131


680





893


180





756)


044
815)












756)


044
815)


























703
883


818
145








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))




















































































The premium (cost) of a hedge
 expensed during the period.














































































































































Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































Charge to cost of goods sold that represents the reduction of the carrying amount of inventory
 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.




























The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).

























































Costs incurred in providing technology services. The services may include training
 installation
 engineering or consulting. Consulting services often include implementation support
 software design or development
 or the customization or modification of the licensed software.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance
 Value at Mar. 31
 2013

113


358
352


754
397)


932)



Balance
 Shares at Mar. 31
 2013

112
512









Common stock issued for cash at $0.50 per share on June 15
 2013



990




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.50 per share on June 15
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.50 per share from July 5
 2013 to August 29
 2013



854




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.50 per share from July 5
 2013 to August 29
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for services on July 15
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share



389




500



Common stock issued for services on July 15
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share
 Shares

000









Common stock issued for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest on July 15
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share



218




250



Common stock issued for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest on July 15
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share (in shares)

500









Common stock issued for equity purchase commitment on August 29
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share



897




500



Common stock issued for equity purchase commitment on August 29
 2013
 valued at $0.50 per share (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on September 3
 2013



990




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on September 3
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on November 13
 2013



980




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on November 13
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.242 per share on November 13
 2013



140




240



Common stock issued for cash at $0.242 per share on November 13
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.234 per share on November 15
 2013



300




400



Common stock issued for cash at $0.234 per share on November 15
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on December 3
 2013



900




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.20 per share on December 3
 2013 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for cash at $0.15 per share of February 28
 2014



833




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.15 per share of February 28
 2014 (in shares)

667









Common stock issued to third parties for services vauled at $0.15 per share on February 28
 2014



729




875



Common stock issued to third parties for services vauled at $0.15 per share on February 28
 2014 (in shares)

833









Common stock issued for services
 valued at $0.12 per share on March 28
 2014

500


500




000



Common stock issued for services
 valued at $0.12 per share on March 28
 2014 (in shares)

500
000















044
815)


044
815)



Balance
 Value at Mar. 31
 2014

158


106
072


799
212)


982)



Balance
 Shares at Mar. 31
 2014

157
512









Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 16
 2014



100




111



Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 16
 2014 (in shares)

111









Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 23
 2014



100




111



Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 23
 2014 (in shares)

111









Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 30
 2014



100




111



Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share on June 30
 2014 (in shares)

111









Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share from July 7
 2014 to August 15
 2014



300




444



Common stock issued for services at $0.10 per share ofrom July 7
 2014 to August 15
 2014 (in shares)

443









Common stock issued for cash at $0.075 per share of August 20
 2014



800




000



Common stock issued for cash at $0.075 per share of August 20
 2014 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for services at $0.075 per share from August 25
 2014 to September 15
 2014



325




438



Common stock issued for services at $0.075 per share from August 25
 2014 to September 15
 2014 (in shares)

500









Common stock issued for commitment shares on September 12
 2014
 valued at $0.07 per share



040




040



Common stock issued for commitment shares on September 12
 2014
 valued at $0.07 per share (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for services at $0.077 per share on October 6
 2014










Common stock issued for services at $0.077 per share on October 6
 2014 (in shares)

111









Common stock issued for services at $0.077 per share on October 13
 2014










Common stock issued for services at $0.077 per share on October 13
 2014 (in shares)

111









Common stock issued for services at $0.066 per share on October 15
 2014



438




475



Common stock issued for services at $0.066 per share on October 15
 2014 (in shares)

500









Common stock issued for services at $0.05 per share on November 13
 2014

000


000




000



Common stock issued for services at $0.05 per share on November 13
 2014 (in shares)

000
000









Common stock issued for services at $0.055 per share on November 17
 2014



385




763



Common stock issued for services at $0.055 per share on November 17
 2014 (in shares)

500









Common stock issued for services at $0.03 per share on December 15
 2014



954




125



Common stock issued for services at $0.03 per share on December 15
 2014 (in shares)

833









Common stock issued for services at $0.04 per share on January 15
 2015



362




500



Common stock issued for services at $0.04 per share on January 15
 2015 (in shares)

500









Common stock issued for services at $0.08 per share on February 17
 2015



900




000



Common stock issued for services at $0.08 per share on February 17
 2015 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for services at $0.03 per share on March 15
 2015



800




000



Common stock issued for services at $0.03 per share on March 15
 2015 (in shares)

000









Common stock issued for services at $0.0182 per share on March 27
 2015

374


626




000



Common stock issued for services at $0.0182 per share on March 27
 2015 (in shares)

373
626













462




462









756)


756)



Balance
 Value at Mar. 31
 2015

467


360
298


625
968)


190
203)



Balance
 Shares at Mar. 31
 2015

466
969


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











756)


044
815)














500





712







368







394







073


375












186


171)





413


984





227)


389





837)


738)














500







550





100


000





649)


100)





000







000


640





451


590





614


148)





143


291





757


143












185


680





















500







000





000


250




























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The premium (cost) of a hedge
 expensed during the period.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the period in the carrying value of derivative instruments reported as liabilities that are due to be disposed of within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





Montalvo Spirits
 Inc. (Formerly
Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc.)


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
was incorporated on November 18
 2010 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of Advanced Cloud Storage
 Inc. The
Company originally intended to market and sell its planned secure online data storage through its intended website.

Amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation


 2012
 holders of a majority
of the Company&#146;s outstanding Common Stock voted to amend the Company&#146;s Articles of Incorporation to: (i) change its
name to &#147;Montalvo Spirits
 Inc.&#148; (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 (ii) increase the number of its authorized shares of
capital stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000
shares designated as blank check preferred stock and (iii) effectuate a forward split on a 1:32.4552 basis (&#147;the Amendment&#148;).

CASA&#160;&#160;Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.


 Inc. (&#147;Casa
Montalvo&#148;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of California on April 4
 2011. Casa Montalvo develops markets and/or
distributes alcoholic beverages
 primarily in the United States.

Formation of Montalvo
Imports LLC


 2012
 the Company formed
Montalvo Imports LLC (&#147;LLC&#148; or &#147;Imports&#148;) under the laws of the State of Delaware. &#160;The LLC
 of which
the Company is the sole member
 was formed to provide the same services as that of the Company.

Acquisition of CASA Montalvo Treated
as a Reverse Acquisition


 2012
 the Company
 entered
into and consummated the Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange (the &#147;Exchange Agreement&#148;) with Casa Montalvo and the
shareholders of Casa Montalvo (the &#147;Exchange&#148;). Upon consummation of the transactions set forth in the Agreement (the
&#147;Closing&#148;)
 the Registrant adopted the business plan of Casa Montalvo.


the Company agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Casa Montalvo in exchange for the issuance of
an aggregate for 59
000
016 shares of the Registrant&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Exchange Shares&#148;).
As a result of the Exchange
 Casa Montalvo became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant. The shareholders of Casa Montalvo
beneficially owned approximately eighty-eight and one half percent (88.5%) of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of the Registrant
immediately after the consummation of the Exchange. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement
 the Registrant&#146;s principal
shareholder agreed to retire 10
000
000 shares of the Registrant&#146;s Common Stock.


interest of the former stockholder of Casa Montalvo
 for financial statement reporting purposes
 the merger between the Company
and Casa Montalvo has been treated as a reverse acquisition with Casa Montalvo deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed
the accounting acquiree under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Casa Montalvo
(the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value
before the acquisition.&#160;&#160;The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities
of Casa Montalvo which are recorded at their historical cost.&#160;&#160;The equity of the Company is the historical equity of
Casa Montalvo retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction.

Formation of Cannabis Beverage
Group
 Inc.


 2014
 the Company formed
Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc. (&#147;CBG&#148;) under the laws of the State of Colorado.&#160;&#160;CBG
 of which the Company
is the shareholder
 was formed to explore entry into the cannabis based beverage industry.&#160;&#160;CBG is currently inactive.




































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The
Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of
accounting policies and their application.&#160;&#160;Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important
to the portrayal of the Company&#146;s financial condition and results and require management&#146;s most difficult
 subjective
or complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain.
The Company&#146;s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted
accounting principles.




statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;U.S.
GAAP&#148;).



The Company
elected March 31




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to determine whether and how to consolidate
another entity.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries&#151;all entities in which a
parent has a controlling financial interest&#151;shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent
the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3)
consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.&#160;&#160;Pursuant
to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
and
 therefore
 as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding
voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.&#160;&#160;The power to control may also exist with
a lesser percentage of ownership
 for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company
consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries
 in which the parent&#146;s power to control exists.


and/or entity is as follows:



    
    

        
(date of acquisition
 if applicable)
    

    
    
    
    

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
    
April 4
 2011
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
August 9
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.
    
March 27
 2014
    



include all accounts of the Company as of December 31
 2015 and 2014.

have been eliminated.




financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&#160;&#160;&#160;These reclassifications
had no effect on reported losses.


Use of Estimates and Assumptions
and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions


in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reporting amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate
on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company&#146;s critical accounting estimate(s) and assumption(s)
affecting the financial statements were:


Management
assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business

Management&#146;s

 historical
loss levels


to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.

:
pany&#146;s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is
based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging
pany&#146;s

inventory cycle counts.

Management
assumes that the realization of the Company&#146;s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;)
carry&#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely
than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management
made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses
 (b) general economic conditions
 and (c) its ability
to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering
 among other factors.

Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of derivative liability
expected term of share options and similar
instruments
 expected volatility of the Company&#146;s common shares and the method used to estimate it
 expected annual rate
of quarterly dividends
 and risk free rate(s) to value derivative liability
 share options and similar instruments.


or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.


experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.


factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information
 changes in facts and circumstances
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate
 those estimates are adjusted accordingly.


estimates.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph
820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;Paragraph 820-10-35-37&#148;) to measure the fair value of
its financial instruments.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework
for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures
 paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.&#160;&#160;The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.&#160;&#160;The
three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described
below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

    
    
    

    
    
    



3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs.&#160;&#160;If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described
above
 the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.


financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.


the fair value of such instrument based upon management&#146;s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the
Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.


liabilities consist of the derivative financial instruments for which there is no current market for these securities such that
the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.&#160;&#160;The Company valued the automatic conditional
conversion
 re-pricing/down-round
 change of control; default and follow-on offering provisions using a Monte Carlo model
 with
the assistance of a valuation specialist
 for which management understands the methodologies. These models incorporate transaction
details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.


cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

Fair Value of Non-Financial Assets
or Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis


include inventories.&#160;&#160;The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates
inventory levels and other factors.&#160;&#160;Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of
inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess
and slow-moving inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any
 based on the historical results
of physical inventory cycle counts.

Level 3 Financial Liabilities
&#150; Derivative conversion features and warrant liabilities


at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the changes in fair value
 including net transfers in and/or out
 of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
173
762
    
    
    
173
762
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases
 issuances and settlements
    
    
195
860
    
    
    
195
860
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(13
462
    
    
    
(13
462
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
&#160;March 31
 2015
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    





investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts


the invoiced amount
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company performs on-going credit
evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&#146;s current credit worthiness
as determined by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical
write-off experience
 customer specific facts and economic conditions.


the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.&#160;&#160;The Company has adopted paragraph 310-10-50-6
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent based on how recently payments
have been received.


individually for collectability.&#160;&#160;The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&#146;s best estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses in the Company&#146;s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative
expenses
 if any.


for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.


credit exposure to its customers.




ASC Topic 330 regarding the presentation and disclosure of inventory on the face of the financial statements as well as in the
notes to financial statements.


50-2 the basis of stating inventories shall be consistently applied and shall be disclosed in the financial statements; whenever
a significant change is made therein
 there shall be disclosure of the nature of the change and
 if material
 the effect on income.
A change of such basis may have an important effect upon the interpretation of the financial statements both before and after that
change
 and hence
 in the event of a change
 a full disclosure of its nature and of its effect
 if material
 upon income shall
be made. See paragraph 210-10-50-1.&#160;&#160;When substantial and unusual losses result from the application of the rule of lower
it will frequently be desirable to disclose the amount of the loss in the income statement as a charge
separately identified from the consumed inventory

Inventory
Valuation


first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice
 maturing spirits inventories are
classified as current assets
 although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one&#160;year
 due
to the duration of aging processes. Maturing spirits inventory includes costs of production such as warehousing and insurance.
Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory
based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products
 the impact of new product introductions
 inventory turns
product spoilage and specific identification of items
 such as product discontinuance
 material changes
 or regulatory-related
changes.

Inventory
Obsolescence and Markdowns


of inventory considering historical sales and other factors and
 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the
income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions
 customer demand or competition differ from expectations.


for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.


adjustments for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


850-10-20 the related parties include a)&#160;affiliates of the Company&#160;(&#147;Affiliate&#148; means
 with respect to any
specified Person
 any other Person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
or is under common control with such Person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);
b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under
the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&#150;10&#150;15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;
c)&#160;trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship
of management; d) principal owners of the Company and members of their immediate families; e)&#160;management of the Company and
members of their immediate families; f)&#160;other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g.&#160; other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests.


and 50-5 financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
expense allowances
 and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include:&#160;&#160;a)&#160;the
nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal
amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary
to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&#160;the dollar amounts of transactions
for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the
terms from that used in the preceding period; and d)&#160;amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance
sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot
be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not
exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions were
consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.




from convertible debt instruments between the liability component and equity component
 and records the conversion feature as a
liability in accordance with subtopic 470-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;Subtopic 470-20&#148;). The
conversion feature and certain other features that are considered embedded derivative instruments
 such as a conversion reset provision
a penalty provision and redemption option
 have been recorded at their fair value as its fair value can be separated from the convertible
note and its conversion is independent of the underlying note value. The conversion liability is marked to market each reporting
period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the Statement of Operations. The Company has also recorded the resulting discount
on debt related to the conversion features and amortizes the discount using the effective interest rate method over the life of
the debt instruments.




debt
 options
 warrants or other contracts
 if any
 to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify
as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market
each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion
 exercise
or cancellation of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion
 exercise or cancellation
and then that the related fair value is reclassified to equity.


conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments
in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated
 the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a
single
 compound derivative instrument.


including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity
 is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to
liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected
within 12 months of the balance sheet date.


to determine whether an instrument
(or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company&#146;s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step
approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock
 including
evaluating the instrument&#146;s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. The adoption of Section 815-40-15 has affected
the accounting for (i) certain freestanding warrants that contain exercise price adjustment features and (ii) convertible bonds
issued by foreign subsidiaries with a strike price denominated in a foreign currency.


value of the embedded derivative warrants at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the embedded derivative
warrants as other income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).


the Binomial Lattice Model that values the liability of the derivative conversion feature based on a probability weighted discounted
cash flow model with the assistance of a third party valuation firm.&#160;&#160;Black-Scholes valuation does not consider all of
the terms of the instrument which may not be appropriate in many situations given complex features and terms of conversion option
(e.g.
 combined embedded derivatives).&#160;&#160;The Binomial Lattice Model is based on future projections of the various potential
outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion features.&#160;&#160;The Binomial
Lattice Model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely
to occur
 and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price
 exercise price
 volatility
 etc.).&#160;&#160;Projections
were then made on the underlying factors which led to potential scenarios.&#160;&#160;Probabilities were assigned to each scenario
based on management projections.&#160;&#160;This led to a cash flow projection and a probability associated with that cash flow.&#160;&#160;A
discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios was completed to determine the value of the conversion features.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued
 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur.&#160;&#160;The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment
inherently involves an exercise of judgment.&#160;&#160;In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending
against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any
legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.&#160;&#160;If the assessment indicates that
a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then
the nature of the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material
 would be
disclosed.


are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.&#160;&#160;The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized
or realizable and earned.&#160;&#160;The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following
criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been
rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.





handling fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160; While amounts charged
to customers for shipping products are included in revenues
 the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as incurred.

Stock-Based Compensation for Obtaining
Employee Services


payment transactions issued to employees under the guidance of the Topic 718 Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC Topic 718&#148;).


employee is an individual over whom the grantor of a share-based compensation award exercises or has the right to exercise sufficient
control to establish an employer-employee relationship based on common law as illustrated in case law and currently under U.S.
Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) Revenue Ruling 87-41. A nonemployee director does not satisfy this definition of employee.
Nevertheless
 nonemployee directors acting in their role as members of a board of directors are treated as employees if those directors
were elected by the employer&#146;s shareholders or appointed to a board position that will be filled by shareholder election
when the existing term expires. However
 that requirement applies only to awards granted to nonemployee directors for their services
as directors. Awards granted to nonemployee directors for other services shall be accounted for as awards to non-employees.


and 718-10-30-3 a share-based payment transaction with employees shall be measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments
issued and an entity shall account for the compensation cost from share-based payment transactions with employees in accordance
with the fair value-based method
 i.e.
 the cost of services received from employees in exchange for awards of share-based compensation
generally shall be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments issued or the fair value of the liabilities
incurred/settled.


Paragraphs 718-10-30-6 and 718-10-30-9 the measurement objective for equity instruments awarded to employees is to estimate the
fair value at the grant date of the equity instruments that the entity is obligated to issue when employees have rendered the requisite
service and satisfied any other conditions necessary to earn the right to benefit from the instruments (for example
 to exercise
share options). That estimate is based on the share price and other pertinent factors
 such as expected volatility
 at the grant
date. As such
 the fair value of an equity share option or similar instrument shall be estimated using a valuation technique such
as an option pricing model. For this purpose
 a similar instrument is one whose fair value differs from its intrinsic value
 that
is
 an instrument that has time value.


are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share price of the Company&#146;s common stock will be used to measure
the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#146;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices
established in its most recent private placement memorandum (&#147;PPM&#148;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would
generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger
spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.


if an observable market price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in
paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:



    
    




    
The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1
 it may be appropriate to use the 

 expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2)
 if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




    
    




    
The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.




    
    




    
The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#146;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.



and 718-10-30-17 a restriction that stems from the forfeitability of instruments to which employees have not yet earned the right
such as the inability either to exercise a non-vested equity share option or to sell non-vested shares
 is not reflected in estimating
the fair value of the related instruments at the grant date. Instead
 those restrictions are taken into account by recognizing
compensation cost only for awards for which employees render the requisite service and a non-vested equity share or non-vested
equity share unit awarded to an employee shall be measured at its fair value as if it were vested and issued on the grant date.


Paragraphs 718-10-35-2 and 718-10-35-3 the compensation cost for an award of share-based employee compensation classified as equity
shall be recognized over the requisite service period
 with a corresponding credit to equity (generally
 paid-in capital). The
requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for an award
 which
often is the vesting period.&#160;&#160;The total amount of compensation cost recognized at the end of the requisite service period
for an award of share-based compensation shall be based on the number of instruments for which the requisite service has been rendered
(that is
 for which the requisite service period has been completed). An entity shall base initial accruals of compensation cost
on the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected to be rendered. That estimate shall be revised
if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of instruments is likely to differ from previous estimates. The cumulative
effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected
to be or has been rendered shall be recognized in compensation cost in the period of the change. Previously recognized compensation
cost shall not be reversed if an employee share option (or share unit) for which the requisite service has been rendered expires
unexercised (or unconverted).


718-10-35-8 the Company made a policy decision to recognize compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has
a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.

Equity Instruments Issued to Parties
Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services


issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under the guidance of Sub-topic 505-50 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&#147;Sub-topic 505-50&#148;).


and 505-50-25-7
 a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it
obtains the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services
if it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless
 the goods
or services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee
to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn
the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued
(in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
 a grantor may conclude that an asset
(other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments that are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific performance is required by the
grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity by the grantor of the
equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display
of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange
for goods or services.


505-50-25-9
 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after
a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance
conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity
had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments.
A recognized asset
 expense
 or sales discount shall not be reversed if a stock option that the counterparty has the right to exercise
expires unexercised.


and 505-50-30-11 share-based payment transactions with nonemployees shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable.&#160;&#160;The issuer shall measure
the fair value of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the
earlier of the following dates
 referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the
counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty's
performance is complete. If the Company&#146;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share
price of the Company&#146;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#146;s
common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&#146;s most recent private placement memorandum
(&#147;PPM&#148;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations
as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading
in the market.


price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
 an entity shall
estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11
and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:



    
    




    
The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and holder&#146;s expected exercise behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.&#160;&#160;The Company uses historical data to estimate holder&#146;s expected exercise behavior.&#160;&#160;If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments is used as the expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




    
    




    
The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.




    
    




    
The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#146;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.



if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity
instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are
not considered issued until they vest). Consequently
 there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded.

Deferred Tax Assets and Income
Taxes Provision


paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13.addresses the determination of whether
tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;Under
paragraph 740-10-25-13
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than
not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&#160;&#160;The
tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has
a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also
provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim periods and
requires increased disclosures.&#160;&#160;The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax
benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13.


temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets
recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability.
In addition
 the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&#146;s
opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies
from estimates
 additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.




is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience
 the term is used to refer to either earnings
or loss per share.&#160;&#160;EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;Pursuant
to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders
(the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.&#160;&#160;Income
available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether
or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from
continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.&#160;&#160;The computation of
diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options
or warrants.


through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint
of the security holder.&#160;&#160;The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued
by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method. Equivalents of options and
warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees
 stock purchase contracts
 and partially paid stock subscriptions.&#160;&#160;Under
the treasury stock method: a.&#160;Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time
of issuance
 if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b.&#160;The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to
be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. c.&#160;The incremental shares (the difference
between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of
the diluted EPS computation.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-40 through 45-42 convertible securities shall be reflected
The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt shall
be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
 if later). In applying the if-converted
method
 conversion shall not be assumed for purposes of computing diluted EPS if the effect would be anti-dilutive.


dilutive common shares from the conversion of the convertible debt would be 14
462
940 and 0 for the reporting period ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect method&#148;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities
by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating
cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&#160;&#160;The
Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows
 using the current exchange rate at the time of
the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the
reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing
and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification.




Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate
subsequent events through the date when the&#160;financial statements were issued.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification
 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed
to users
 such as through filing them on EDGAR.




 the FASB issued the FASB
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 &#147;


Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606
&#160;The core principle
of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.


 an entity
should apply the following steps:













guidance on disclosures that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
 and
uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.&#160; Qualitative and quantitative information
is required about the following:


&#160;&#150; including revenue and impairments recognized
 disaggregation
of revenue
 and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the
remaining performance obligations)

&#160;&#150; determining the timing of
satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time)
 and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated
to performance obligations




beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period for all public entities. &#160;Early
application is not permitted.


 the FASB issued the
Deferral of the
Effective Date&#148; (&#147;ASU 2015-14&#148;).


the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and
certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.


 the FASB issued the

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;).


statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions
or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
financial
statements are available to be issued 
(or at the date that
when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable
that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements
is used consistently with its use in Topic 450
 Contingencies.


or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 management should consider
whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating
effect of management&#146;s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively
implemented and
 if so
 (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management&#146;s plans
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand
all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes):


Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management&#146;s plans)

Management&#146;s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity&#146;s ability to meet its obligations

Management&#146;s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern.


doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration
of management&#146;s plans

about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern 
are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial
statements to understand all of the following:


Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern

Management&#146;s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity&#146;s ability to meet its obligations

Management&#146;s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted.


Balance Sheet Classification
simplifies the presentation of deferred income
taxes; the amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified
statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial
position.


 the amendments
in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim
periods within those annual periods.


 the FASB issued the
Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&#148; (&#147;ASU 2016-01&#148;).

makes limited
amendments to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard significantly
revises an entity&#146;s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and
(2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure
requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. Some of the major changes as a result of the ASU 2016-01
are summarized below.


Requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net
income.


Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values
by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment exists
 an
entity is required to measure the investment at fair value.


Eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet.


Require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of
financial instruments for disclosure purposes.


Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total
change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected
to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.


Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category
and form of financial asset (that is
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the
financial statements.


Clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset
related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity&#146;s other deferred tax assets.


 the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.




































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The Company has elected to adopt early
application of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15

205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;)


statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization
of assets
 and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.


statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit at March 31
 2015
 a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for
the reporting period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going
concern.


implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue; however
 the Company&#146;s cash position may not be sufficient to
support the Company&#146;s daily operations.&#160;&#160;While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to further
implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or
private offering
 there can be no assurances to that effect.&#160;&#160;The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon the Company&#146;s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability
to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.


do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015











    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued February 13
 2014
 in the principal amount of $15
000 with six minimum monthly payments totaling $16
800 in aggregate. The Company fully repaid the note.
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
900
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued June 10
 2014
 in the principal amount of $75
000 with eighteen weekly payments of $5
000.&#160;&#160;The Company repaid $45
000 in aggregate towards the principal of the note as of March 31
 2015.&#160;&#160;The note is currently past due.
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued July 22
 2014
 in the principal amount of $6
000 with six minimum monthly payments of $6
720 in aggregate. The Company repaid $3
469 in aggregate towards the principal of the note.
    
    
2
531
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible notes payable
 net
    
    
27
531
    
    
    
11
900
    






































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







On September 15
 2014
 the Company effectuated
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with an accredited investor (the &#147;Investor&#148;) for the
purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&#146;s original issue discount convertible debentures (collectively
 the
&#147;Debentures&#148;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible into shares of the Registrant&#146;s
common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%)
of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately
preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000
shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#147;Commitment Shares&#148;) in connection with the Investor&#146;s due diligence review
of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to the Agreement
and a Registration Rights Agreement
 for the nine months following the date of the Agreement
 if the Registrant offers Common Stock
(or other equity securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock) registered for sale under the Securities Act or
proposes to file a registration statement (&#147;Registration Statement&#148;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering
any of its securities other than (i) a registration on Form S-8 or S-4
 or any successor or similar forms; and (ii) a shelf registration
under Rule 415 for the sole purpose of registering shares to be issued in connection with the acquisition of assets
 the Registrant
will give the Investor the option to include the Commitment Shares and any shares of Common Stock into which the Debentures are
convertible into in such Registration Statement.


the principal amount of $150
000 (the &#34;Debenture&#34;). On March 27
 2015
 $25
000 of principal was converted into 1
373
626
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.0182 per share. The Debenture was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts
of $97
330 for a net value of $27
670 at March 31
 2015.


amount of $100
000 may be issued by the Registrant to the Investor anytime sixty-one (61) days&#160;thereafter subject to the satisfaction
of the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement (the &#147;Second Closing&#148;).&#160;&#160;A third Debenture in the
principal amount of $100
000 may be issued by the Registrant to the Investor anytime sixty-one (61) days following the Second Closing
subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.


the principal amount of $17
000 (the &#34;Debenture&#34;)and was shown as a long-term liability net of discounts of $15
514 for
a net value of $1
466 at March 31
 2015.


 2015
 the Company effectuated
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with an accredited investor (the &#147;Investor&#148;) for the
purchase and sale of an 8% convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of $84
000. The note matures on December 18
 2015
and pays interest at a rate of 8%
 per annum.&#160;The Debenture is convertible into shares of the Registrant&#146;s common stock
par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty-one percent (61%) of the lowest
thre trading prices
 as defined
 of the Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.


liability net of a discounts of $82
444 for a net value of $1
556 at March 31
 2015.










Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015










 2014
 the Company and
Sergio Gonzalez (&#147;SG&#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;)
 to employ CG
as the Company&#146;s President. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#147;Effective
Date&#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement.
Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 SG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the
Effective Date through November 12
 2015.

Employment with the Chief Operating
Officer


 2014
 the Company and
Carlos Gonzalez (&#147;CG&#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;)
 to employ CG
as the Company&#146;s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the
&#147;Effective Date&#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 CG is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for
the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.

Employment with the Chief Executive
Officer


 2014
 the Company and
Alex Viecco (&#147;AV&#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;)
 to employ AV as
the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the
&#147;Effective Date&#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Employment Agreement. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 AV is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for
the period beginning on the Effective Date through November 12
 2015.

Employment with the Director of
Sales


 2014
 the Company and
Daniel Cahill (&#147;DC&#148;)
 entered into an Employment Agreement (the &#147;Employment Agreement&#148;)
 to employ DC as
the Company&#146;s Director of Sales. The initial term of employment under the agreement is from November 13
 2014 (the &#147;Effective
Date&#148;) until November 12
 2015
 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement.
Pursuant to the Employment Agreement
 DC is entitled to a salary of $72
per annum for the period beginning on the
Effective Date through November 12
 2015.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015










had transactions are:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Point Loma Capital
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





consisted of the following:



    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Chief Executive Officer
 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 6
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014
 The note is currently past due
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
6
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to a relative of the Chief Executive Officer
 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
 The note is currently past due
    
    
320
000
    
    
    
320
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
346
000
    
    
    
346
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(346
000 
    
    
    
(26
000 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable &#150; related parties
 net of current maturities
    
    
    
    
    
    
320
000
    





 stockholders of the
Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured
 non-interest bearing and due on
demand.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015










of common stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Seventy Five Million (75
000
000) shares
 par value $0.001 per share.&#160;&#160;In
December 2012
 an increase of the authorized shares of the Company&#146;s common stock from 75
000
000 shares to 310
000
000
$0.001 par value
 consisting of (a) 300
000
000 shares designated as Common Stock and (b) 10
000
000 shares designated as blank
check preferred stock was ratified
 effective upon the filing of an amendment to the Company&#146;s Certificate of Incorporation.




of the Exchange Agreement on December 21
 2012
 the Company had 332
251
996 common shares issued and outstanding.


on December 21
 2012
 the then majority stockholders of the Company surrendered 324
552
000 shares of the Company's common stock
which was cancelled upon receipt and the Company issued 59
000
016 shares of its common stock pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Exchange Agreement.




 2013 the Company sold 10
000
shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.05 per share or $5
000. Payment was received by the Company on July 2
 2013.


 2013 to August 1
 2013
the Company issued 46
000 shares of its common stock at $0.50 per share
 or $23
000
 to five (5) individuals.


 the Company entered into
a Conversion and Release Agreement
 whereby the Company issued 32
500 shares of its Common Stock in exchange for the cancellation
of $16
250 in notes payable
 including $15
000 in principal plus accrued interest of $1
250
 at $0.50 per share.&#160;


 2013 the Company sold
100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.50 per share or $50
000.


 2013 the Company issued
10
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $2
000.


 2013 the Company issued
20
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.20
 or $5
000.


 2013 the Company sold
100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.242 per share or $24
200.


 2013 the Company sold
100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.234 per share or $23
400


 2013 the Company sold
100
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor at $0.180 per share or $18
000.


 2014 the Company issued
166
667 shares of its common stock to two investors at $0.15
 or $25
000.


 2014
 the Company issued
200
000 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.075 per share
 or $15
000.

Common Shares Issued for Obtaining
Employee Services


 2013 the Company issued
200
000 shares to a newly appointed member of the Company&#146;s Board of Advisors. These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent volume PPM price of the Company&#146;s common stock
 or $100
000
on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014 the Company issued
250
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully
vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 or $120
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014 the Company issued
500
000 shares to each of its four board members in exchange for their services on the Board of Directors. These shares are fully
vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.05 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 or $100
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.

Equity Instruments Issued to Parties
Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services


 2013 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of signing
in exchange for 111
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the most recent PPM price of the Company&#146;s common stock or $55
000 on the date
of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with an individual to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year for from the date of
signing in exchange for 145
833 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares were valued at $0.15 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or
$21
875 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with five individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of
signing in exchange for an aggregate of 500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested
and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.12 per share
 the close price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date
of issuance
 or $60
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014
 June 23
 2014
and June 30
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.10 per share
 the
closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or $1
111 on the date of grant and were expensed upon
issuance.


 2014
 July 14
 2014
July 21
 2014
 July 28
 2014
 August 4
 2014
 August 11
 2014
 August 18
 2014
 August 25
 2014
 September 1
 2014
 September 8
2014
 September 15
 2014
 September 22
 2014
 September 29
 2014
 October 6
 2014
 and October 13
 2014
 the Company issued 11
111
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are
fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued from $0.063 to $0.10 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s
common stock on the date of issuance.


 2014
 August 15
2014
 September 15
 2014
 October 15
 2014
 November 15
 2014
 and December 15
 2014
 the Company issued 37
500 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares were valued from $0.03 to $0.075 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014
 Montalvo Spirits
Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with an accredited
investor (the &#147;Investor&#148;) for the purchase and sale of up to $350
000 of the Registrant&#146;s original issue discount
convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#147;Debentures&#148;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible
into shares of the Registrant&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion
price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the
twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor
a fee consisting of $5
000 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#147;Commitment Shares&#148;) in connection with
the Investor&#146;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the
Investor.&#160;&#160;The shares were valued at $0.0711 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the
date of issuance.


 2014 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with three individuals to provide marketing services for a period of one (1) year from the date of
signing in exchange for an aggregate of 377
500 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested
and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.055 per share
 the close price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date
of issuance
 or $20
763 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2014
 the Company issued
133
333 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares
are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company issued
137
500 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares
are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015 the Company issued
50
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to a consultant in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares
are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.08 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company issued
200
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock to consultants in exchange for services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares
are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.04 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







On August 29
 2013
 the Company entered
into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund
 LLC (&#147;Lincoln Park or LPC&#148;)
 (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;)
pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase up to $10
050
000 of Company common stock (subject to certain limitations) from
time to time over a twenty-four (24) month period.&#160;&#160;Also on August 29
 2013
 Montalvo entered into a Registration Rights
Agreement
 (the &#147;Registration Rights Agreement&#148;)
 with Lincoln Park
 in which Montalvo filed with the SEC the registration
statement to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 the shares that have been
or may be issued to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement.


of the Purchase Agreement
 the Company has the right to sell to and LPC is obligated to purchase up to $10
050
000 in shares of
the Company&#146;s Common Stock
 subject to certain limitations
 from time to time
 over the 24 month period commencing on November
7
 2013
 the date that the registration statement
 which the Company agreed to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;) pursuant to the Lincoln Park Registration Rights Agreement
 was declared effective by the SEC. The Company
may
 from time to time and at its&#146; sole discretion
 direct Lincoln Park to purchase shares of Company common stock in amounts
up to 100
000 shares on any single business day so long as at least one business day has passed since the most recent purchase
or up to $500
000 per purchase plus an additional &#147;accelerated amount&#148; under certain circumstances.&#160;&#160;There
are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement
 and Montalvo will control the timing and amount
of any sales of common stock to Lincoln Park. The purchase price of the shares that may be sold to Lincoln Park under the Purchase
Agreement will be based on the market price of our common stock immediately preceding the time of sale as computed under the Purchase
Agreement without any fixed discount; provided that in no event will such shares be sold to Lincoln Park when the closing sale
price is less than $0.25 per share
 subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price per share will
be equitably adjusted for any reorganization
 recapitalization
 non-cash dividend
 stock split
 or other similar transaction occurring
during the business days used to compute such price. The Company may at any time in its&#146; sole discretion terminate the Purchase
Agreement without fee
 penalty or cost upon one business day notice.&#160;&#160;Lincoln Park may not assign or transfer its rights
and obligations under the Purchase Agreement.


Purchase Agreement the Company issued 603
000 shares of its common stock to an institutional investor in exchange for the investor
committing to purchase up to $10
050
000 of the Company&#146;s common stock over the next 24 months
 subject to certain terms
and conditions.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.50 per share
 the
most recent PPM price of the Company&#146;s common stock or $301
500 on the date of grant and were expensed as financing expense
upon issuance.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015










are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2015
    
    
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



over 10% at March 31
 2015 or 2014.

customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations and financial condition.





 2015
 the Company had net
operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;) carry&#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $3
625
968 that may be offset against
future taxable income through 2035. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards because
the Company believes that the realization of the Company&#146;s net deferred tax assets of approximately $1
232
829 was not considered
more likely than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation
allowance.


of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards.&#160;&#160;The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets
because of the uncertainty regarding its realization.&#160;&#160;The valuation allowance increased approximately $281
097 and $355
257
for the Fiscal Year ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


as follows:



    
    
March 31
 2014
    
    
March 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
232
829
    
    
    
951
732
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
232.829
    
    
    
(951
732
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Income Tax Provision in the Statement
of Operations


income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income tax provision is as follows:



    
    

        


        
    
    

        

 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The Company has evaluated all events
that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must
be reported.&#160;&#160;The Management of the Company determined that there were reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed
as follows:


 2015 and May 15
 2015
the Company issued 145
161 and 191
489 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for
services to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.031 and $0.0235
per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015 and May 1
 2015
 the
Company issued 137
931 and 163
265 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 respectively
 to a consultant in exchange for services
to be provided.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable. These shares were valued at $0.029 and $0.0245 per
share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the dates of issuance
 and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with a company to provide marketing services for a period of six (6) months for from the date of
signing in exchange for 1
500
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160;&#160;These shares are fully vested and non-forfeitable.
These shares were valued at $0.029 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of issuance
 or
$43
500 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015
 the Company issued
2
330
097 shares to each of its five officers in exchange for their services as executives of the Company. These shares are fully
vested and non-forfeitable.&#160;&#160;These shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common
stock on the date of issuance
 or $70
000 on the date of grant and were expensed upon issuance.


 2015
 $25
000 of principal of issued on September
15
 2014 (the &#147;Debenture&#148;) was converted into 1
532
332 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.016315 per
share.


 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was
converted into 2
236
135 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.01118 per share.


 2015
 the Company sold
925
926 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.027 per share or $25
000.


 2015
 the Company sold 11
363
630
shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $250
000.


 2015
 $25
000 of principal of the Debenture was
converted into 2
727
768 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at $0.009165 per share.


 2015
 the Company sold 966
183
shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.0207 per share or $20
000.


 2015
 the Company sold
454
545 shares of its common stock to one investor at $0.022 per share or $10
000.


 2015
 Montalvo Spirits
Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148;) effectuated a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with an accredited
investor (the &#147;Investor&#148;) for the purchase and sale of up to $540
000 of the Registrant&#146;s original issue discount
convertible debentures (collectively
 the &#147;Debentures&#148;).&#160;&#160;The Debentures do not bear interest and are convertible
into shares of the Registrant&#146;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion
price equal to sixty percent (60%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty
(20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.&#160;&#160;In addition
 the Registrant paid the Investor a fee
consisting of $2
900 and 400
000 shares of restricted Common Stock (the &#147;Commitment Shares&#148;) in connection with the
Investor&#146;s due diligence review of the Registrant and reimbursed the Investor for $5
000 in legal fees incurred by the Investor.&#160;&#160;The
shares were valued at $0.03 per share
 the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the date of issuance.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015







The Company&#146;s consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;U.S.
GAAP&#148;).




The Company
elected March 31




The Company applies the guidance of
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to determine whether and how to consolidate
another entity.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries&#151;all entities in which a
parent has a controlling financial interest&#151;shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent
the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3)
consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee.&#160;&#160;Pursuant
to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest
and
 therefore
 as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity
 directly or indirectly
 of more than 50 percent of the outstanding
voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation.&#160;&#160;The power to control may also exist with
a lesser percentage of ownership
 for example
 by contract
 lease
 agreement with other stockholders
 or by court decree. The Company
consolidates all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries
 in which the parent&#146;s power to control exists.


and/or entity is as follows:



    
    

        
(date of acquisition
 if applicable)
    

    
    
    
    

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
    
April 4
 2011
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
August 9
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.
    
March 27
 2014
    



include all accounts of the Company as of December 31
 2015 and 2014.





Certain amounts in the prior period
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.&#160;&#160;&#160;These reclassifications
had no effect on reported losses.




The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reporting amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment
necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate
on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company&#146;s critical accounting estimate(s) and assumption(s)
affecting the financial statements were:


Management
assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business

Management&#146;s

 historical
loss levels


to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.

:
pany&#146;s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is
based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging
pany&#146;s

inventory cycle counts.

Management
assumes that the realization of the Company&#146;s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (&#147;NOL&#148;)
carry&#150;forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely
than not and accordingly
 the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management
made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses
 (b) general economic conditions
 and (c) its ability
to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering
 among other factors.

Estimates and assumptions used in valuation of derivative liability
expected term of share options and similar
instruments
 expected volatility of the Company&#146;s common shares and the method used to estimate it
 expected annual rate
of quarterly dividends
 and risk free rate(s) to value derivative liability
 share options and similar instruments.


or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.


experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.


factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information
 changes in facts and circumstances
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations
 if deemed appropriate
 those estimates are adjusted accordingly.


estimates.




The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted paragraph
820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;Paragraph 820-10-35-37&#148;) to measure the fair value of
its financial instruments.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework
for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures
 paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used
to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.&#160;&#160;The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.&#160;&#160;The
three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described
below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1
 which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

    
    
    

    
    
    



3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs.&#160;&#160;If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described
above
 the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument.


financial assets and liabilities
 such as cash
 accounts receivable
 prepaid expenses
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities
approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.


the fair value of such instrument based upon management&#146;s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the
Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31
 2015 and 2014.


liabilities consist of the derivative financial instruments for which there is no current market for these securities such that
the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.&#160;&#160;The Company valued the automatic conditional
conversion
 re-pricing/down-round
 change of control; default and follow-on offering provisions using a Monte Carlo model
 with
the assistance of a valuation specialist
 for which management understands the methodologies. These models incorporate transaction
details such as Company stock price
 contractual terms
 maturity
 risk free rates
 as well as assumptions about future financings
volatility
 and holder behavior as of the date of issuance and each balance sheet date.


cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.




The Company&#146;s non-financial assets
include inventories.&#160;&#160;The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates
inventory levels and other factors.&#160;&#160;Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging
 review of
inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess
and slow-moving inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage
 if any
 based on the historical results
of physical inventory cycle counts.




Financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



the changes in fair value
 including net transfers in and/or out
 of all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
173
762
    
    
    
173
762
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases
 issuances and settlements
    
    
195
860
    
    
    
195
860
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(13
462
    
    
    
(13
462
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
&#160;March 31
 2015
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    






The Company considers all highly liquid
investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.




Accounts receivable are recorded at
the invoiced amount
 net of an allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts.&#160;&#160;The Company performs on-going credit
evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer&#146;s current credit worthiness
as determined by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical
write-off experience
 customer specific facts and economic conditions.


the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.&#160;&#160;The Company has adopted paragraph 310-10-50-6
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent based on how recently payments
have been received.


individually for collectability.&#160;&#160;The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company&#146;s best estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses in the Company&#146;s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative
expenses
 if any.


for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.


credit exposure to its customers.




The Company follows the guidance of
ASC Topic 330 regarding the presentation and disclosure of inventory on the face of the financial statements as well as in the
notes to financial statements.


50-2 the basis of stating inventories shall be consistently applied and shall be disclosed in the financial statements; whenever
a significant change is made therein
 there shall be disclosure of the nature of the change and
 if material
 the effect on income.
A change of such basis may have an important effect upon the interpretation of the financial statements both before and after that
change
 and hence
 in the event of a change
 a full disclosure of its nature and of its effect
 if material
 upon income shall
be made. See paragraph 210-10-50-1.&#160;&#160;When substantial and unusual losses result from the application of the rule of lower
it will frequently be desirable to disclose the amount of the loss in the income statement as a charge
separately identified from the consumed inventory

Inventory
Valuation


first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. In accordance with generally recognized trade practice
 maturing spirits inventories are
classified as current assets
 although the majority of these inventories ordinarily will not be sold within one&#160;year
 due
to the duration of aging processes. Maturing spirits inventory includes costs of production such as warehousing and insurance.
Inventory provisions are recorded to reduce inventory to the lower of cost or market value for obsolete or slow moving inventory
based on assumptions about future demand and marketability of products
 the impact of new product introductions
 inventory turns
product spoilage and specific identification of items
 such as product discontinuance
 material changes
 or regulatory-related
changes.

Inventory
Obsolescence and Markdowns


of inventory considering historical sales and other factors and
 based on this evaluation
 classify inventory markdowns in the
income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates
 which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions
 customer demand or competition differ from expectations.


for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.


adjustments for the reporting period ended March 31
 2015 or 2014.





The Company follows subtopic 850-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.


850-10-20 the related parties include a)&#160;affiliates of the Company&#160;(&#147;Affiliate&#148; means
 with respect to any
specified Person
 any other Person that
 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by
or is under common control with such Person
 as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act);
b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required
 absent the election of the fair value option under
the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825&#150;10&#150;15
 to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity;
c)&#160;trusts for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship
of management; d) principal owners of the Company and members of their immediate families; e)&#160;management of the Company and
members of their immediate families; f)&#160;other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g.&#160; other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests.


and 50-5 financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions
 other than compensation arrangements
expense allowances
 and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include:&#160;&#160;a)&#160;the
nature of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions
 including transactions to which no amounts or nominal
amounts were ascribed
 for each of the periods for which income statements are presented
 and such other information deemed necessary
to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c)&#160;the dollar amounts of transactions
for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the
terms from that used in the preceding period; and d)&#160;amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance
sheet presented and
 if not otherwise apparent
 the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot
be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis
 as the requisite conditions of competitive
 free-market dealings may not
exist. Representations about transactions with related parties
 if made
 shall not imply that the related party transactions were
consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.




The Company allocates the proceeds received
from convertible debt instruments between the liability component and equity component
 and records the conversion feature as a
liability in accordance with subtopic 470-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;Subtopic 470-20&#148;). The
conversion feature and certain other features that are considered embedded derivative instruments
 such as a conversion reset provision
a penalty provision and redemption option
 have been recorded at their fair value as its fair value can be separated from the convertible
note and its conversion is independent of the underlying note value. The conversion liability is marked to market each reporting
period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the Statement of Operations. The Company has also recorded the resulting discount
on debt related to the conversion features and amortizes the discount using the effective interest rate method over the life of
the debt instruments.






debt
 options
 warrants or other contracts
 if any
 to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify
as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market
each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion
 exercise
or cancellation of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion
 exercise or cancellation
and then that the related fair value is reclassified to equity.


conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments
in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated
 the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a
single
 compound derivative instrument.


including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity
 is re-assessed at the end of each reporting
period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification are reclassified to
liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities will be classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is expected
within 12 months of the balance sheet date.


to determine whether an instrument
(or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company&#146;s own stock. Section 815-40-15 provides that an entity should use a two-step
approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock
 including
evaluating the instrument&#146;s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. The adoption of Section 815-40-15 has affected
the accounting for (i) certain freestanding warrants that contain exercise price adjustment features and (ii) convertible bonds
issued by foreign subsidiaries with a strike price denominated in a foreign currency.


value of the embedded derivative warrants at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the embedded derivative
warrants as other income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).


the Binomial Lattice Model that values the liability of the derivative conversion feature based on a probability weighted discounted
cash flow model with the assistance of a third party valuation firm.&#160;&#160;Black-Scholes valuation does not consider all of
the terms of the instrument which may not be appropriate in many situations given complex features and terms of conversion option
(e.g.
 combined embedded derivatives).&#160;&#160;The Binomial Lattice Model is based on future projections of the various potential
outcomes. The features that were analyzed and incorporated into the model included the conversion features.&#160;&#160;The Binomial
Lattice Model analyzed the underlying economic factors that influenced which of these events would occur
 when they were likely
to occur
 and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e. stock price
 exercise price
 volatility
 etc.).&#160;&#160;Projections
were then made on the underlying factors which led to potential scenarios.&#160;&#160;Probabilities were assigned to each scenario
based on management projections.&#160;&#160;This led to a cash flow projection and a probability associated with that cash flow.&#160;&#160;A
discounted weighted average cash flow over the various scenarios was completed to determine the value of the conversion features.




The Company follows subtopic 450-20
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued
 which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when
one or more future events occur or fail to occur.&#160;&#160;The Company assesses such contingent liabilities
 and such assessment
inherently involves an exercise of judgment.&#160;&#160;In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending
against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings
 the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any
legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein.


that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated
 then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.&#160;&#160;If the assessment indicates that
a potentially material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible
 or is probable but cannot be estimated
 then
the nature of the contingent liability
 and an estimate of the range of possible losses
 if determinable and material
 would be
disclosed.


are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees
 in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.





The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.&#160;&#160;The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized
or realizable and earned.&#160;&#160;The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following
criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been
rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.




The Company accounts for shipping and
handling fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160; While amounts charged
to customers for shipping products are included in revenues
 the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as incurred.






Stock-Based Compensation for Obtaining
Employee Services


payment transactions issued to employees under the guidance of the Topic 718 Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC Topic 718&#148;).


employee is an individual over whom the grantor of a share-based compensation award exercises or has the right to exercise sufficient
control to establish an employer-employee relationship based on common law as illustrated in case law and currently under U.S.
Internal Revenue Service (&#147;IRS&#148;) Revenue Ruling 87-41. A nonemployee director does not satisfy this definition of employee.
Nevertheless
 nonemployee directors acting in their role as members of a board of directors are treated as employees if those directors
were elected by the employer&#146;s shareholders or appointed to a board position that will be filled by shareholder election
when the existing term expires. However
 that requirement applies only to awards granted to nonemployee directors for their services
as directors. Awards granted to nonemployee directors for other services shall be accounted for as awards to non-employees.


and 718-10-30-3 a share-based payment transaction with employees shall be measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments
issued and an entity shall account for the compensation cost from share-based payment transactions with employees in accordance
with the fair value-based method
 i.e.
 the cost of services received from employees in exchange for awards of share-based compensation
generally shall be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments issued or the fair value of the liabilities
incurred/settled.


Paragraphs 718-10-30-6 and 718-10-30-9 the measurement objective for equity instruments awarded to employees is to estimate the
fair value at the grant date of the equity instruments that the entity is obligated to issue when employees have rendered the requisite
service and satisfied any other conditions necessary to earn the right to benefit from the instruments (for example
 to exercise
share options). That estimate is based on the share price and other pertinent factors
 such as expected volatility
 at the grant
date. As such
 the fair value of an equity share option or similar instrument shall be estimated using a valuation technique such
as an option pricing model. For this purpose
 a similar instrument is one whose fair value differs from its intrinsic value
 that
is
 an instrument that has time value.


are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share price of the Company&#146;s common stock will be used to measure
the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#146;s common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices
established in its most recent private placement memorandum (&#147;PPM&#148;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would
generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger
spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.


if an observable market price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in
paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:



    
    




    
The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1
 it may be appropriate to use the 

 expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2)
 if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




    
    




    
The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.




    
    




    
The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#146;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.



and 718-10-30-17 a restriction that stems from the forfeitability of instruments to which employees have not yet earned the right
such as the inability either to exercise a non-vested equity share option or to sell non-vested shares
 is not reflected in estimating
the fair value of the related instruments at the grant date. Instead
 those restrictions are taken into account by recognizing
compensation cost only for awards for which employees render the requisite service and a non-vested equity share or non-vested
equity share unit awarded to an employee shall be measured at its fair value as if it were vested and issued on the grant date.


Paragraphs 718-10-35-2 and 718-10-35-3 the compensation cost for an award of share-based employee compensation classified as equity
shall be recognized over the requisite service period
 with a corresponding credit to equity (generally
 paid-in capital). The
requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for an award
 which
often is the vesting period.&#160;&#160;The total amount of compensation cost recognized at the end of the requisite service period
for an award of share-based compensation shall be based on the number of instruments for which the requisite service has been rendered
(that is
 for which the requisite service period has been completed). An entity shall base initial accruals of compensation cost
on the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected to be rendered. That estimate shall be revised
if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of instruments is likely to differ from previous estimates. The cumulative
effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of instruments for which the requisite service is expected
to be or has been rendered shall be recognized in compensation cost in the period of the change. Previously recognized compensation
cost shall not be reversed if an employee share option (or share unit) for which the requisite service has been rendered expires
unexercised (or unconverted).


718-10-35-8 the Company made a policy decision to recognize compensation cost for an award with only service conditions that has
a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award.




The Company accounts for equity instruments
issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under the guidance of Sub-topic 505-50 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification (&#147;Sub-topic 505-50&#148;).


and 505-50-25-7
 a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it
obtains the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services
if it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless
 the goods
or services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee
to retain those equity instruments)
 then
 because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn
the equity instruments
 a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued
(in most cases
 when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1
 a grantor may conclude that an asset
(other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested
 nonforfeitable equity instruments that are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific performance is required by the
grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity by the grantor of the
equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display
of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange
for goods or services.


505-50-25-9
 an entity may grant fully vested
 non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after
a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance
conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity
had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with
 or using
 the equity instruments.
A recognized asset
 expense
 or sales discount shall not be reversed if a stock option that the counterparty has the right to exercise
expires unexercised.


and 505-50-30-11 share-based payment transactions with nonemployees shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable.&#160;&#160;The issuer shall measure
the fair value of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the
earlier of the following dates
 referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the
counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty's
performance is complete. If the Company&#146;s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share
price of the Company&#146;s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued
 however
 if the Company&#146;s
common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company&#146;s most recent private placement memorandum
(&#147;PPM&#148;)
 or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations
as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading
in the market.


price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions
 an entity shall
estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in paragraph 718-10-55-11
and takes into account
 at a minimum
 all of the following factors:



    
    




    
The expected term of the option
 taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees&#146; expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and holder&#146;s expected exercise behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.&#160;&#160;The Company uses historical data to estimate holder&#146;s expected exercise behavior.&#160;&#160;If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments is used as the expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.




    
    




    
The expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities
 an entity would likely consider characteristics such as industry
 stage of life cycle
 size
 and financial leverage. Because of the effects of diversification that are present in an industry sector index
 the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.&#160;&#160;The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility.




    
    




    
The risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option&#146;s contractual term. If the entity is using a closed-form model
 the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.



if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested
 forfeitable equity instruments
 those equity
instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is
 the instruments are
not considered issued until they vest). Consequently
 there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded.




The Company adopted the provisions of
paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13.addresses the determination of whether
tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.&#160;&#160;Under
paragraph 740-10-25-13
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than
not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position.&#160;&#160;The
tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has
a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.&#160;&#160;Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also
provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income taxes
 accounting in interim periods and
requires increased disclosures.&#160;&#160;The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax
benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13.


temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets
recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability.
In addition
 the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management&#146;s
opinion
 adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies
from estimates
 additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.




used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share.&#160;&#160;EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.&#160;&#160;Pursuant
to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders
(the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.&#160;&#160;Income
available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether
or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from
continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.&#160;&#160;The computation of
diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect
the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement
 stock options
or warrants.


through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint
of the security holder.&#160;&#160;The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued
by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method. Equivalents of options and
warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees
 stock purchase contracts
 and partially paid stock subscriptions.&#160;&#160;Under
the treasury stock method: a.&#160;Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time
of issuance
 if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b.&#160;The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to
be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. c.&#160;The incremental shares (the difference
between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of
the diluted EPS computation.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-40 through 45-42 convertible securities shall be reflected
The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt shall
be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance
 if later). In applying the if-converted
method
 conversion shall not be assumed for purposes of computing diluted EPS if the effect would be anti-dilutive.


dilutive common shares from the conversion of the convertible debt would be 14
462
940 and 0 for the reporting period ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect method&#148;) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities
by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating
cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&#160;&#160;The
Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows
 using the current exchange rate at the time of
the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the
reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing
and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification.




The Company follows the guidance in
Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate
subsequent events through the date when the&#160;financial statements were issued.&#160;&#160;Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification
 the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed
to users
 such as through filing them on EDGAR.




In May 2014
 the FASB issued the FASB
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 &#147;


Accounting Standards Codification
 creating a new Topic 606
&#160;The core principle
of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.


 an entity
should apply the following steps:













guidance on disclosures that should be provided to enable financial statement users to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
 and
uncertainty of revenue recognition and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.&#160; Qualitative and quantitative information
is required about the following:


&#160;&#150; including revenue and impairments recognized
 disaggregation
of revenue
 and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the
remaining performance obligations)

&#160;&#150; determining the timing of
satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time)
 and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated
to performance obligations




beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period for all public entities. &#160;Early
application is not permitted.


 the FASB issued the
Deferral of the
Effective Date&#148; (&#147;ASU 2015-14&#148;).


the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and
certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.


 the FASB issued the

Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;).


statements for each annual and interim reporting period
 an entity&#146;s management should evaluate whether there are conditions
or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
financial
statements are available to be issued 
(or at the date that
when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events
 considered in the aggregate
 indicate that it is probable
that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements
is used consistently with its use in Topic 450
 Contingencies.


or events that raise substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 management should consider
whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating
effect of management&#146;s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively
implemented and
 if so
 (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management&#146;s plans
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand
all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes):


Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern (before consideration of management&#146;s plans)

Management&#146;s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity&#146;s ability to meet its obligations

Management&#146;s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern.


doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern
 and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration
of management&#146;s plans

about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern 
are issued (or available to be issued). Additionally
 the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial
statements to understand all of the following:


Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity&#146;s ability
to continue as a going concern

Management&#146;s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity&#146;s ability to meet its obligations

Management&#146;s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


for the annual period ending after December 15
 2016
 and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted.


Balance Sheet Classification
simplifies the presentation of deferred income
taxes; the amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified
statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial
position.


 the amendments
in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim
periods within those annual periods.


 the FASB issued the
Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities&#148; (&#147;ASU 2016-01&#148;).

makes limited
amendments to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard significantly
revises an entity&#146;s accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and
(2) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure
requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. Some of the major changes as a result of the ASU 2016-01
are summarized below.


Requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net
income.


Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values
by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment exists
 an
entity is required to measure the investment at fair value.


Eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost
on the balance sheet.


Require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of
financial instruments for disclosure purposes.


Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total
change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected
to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.


Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category
and form of financial asset (that is
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the
financial statements.


Clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset
related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity&#146;s other deferred tax assets.


 the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.


recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 when adopted
 will have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.
















































































































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))



























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to obtain or issue debt
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for determining an entity's fiscal year or other fiscal period. This disclosure may include identification of the fiscal period end-date
 the length of the fiscal period
 any reporting period lag between the entity and its subsidiaries
 or equity investees. If a reporting lag exists
 the closing date of the entity having a different period end is generally noted
 along with an explanation of the necessity for using different closing dates. Any intervening events that materially affect the entity's financial position or results of operations are generally also disclosed.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances
 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    

        
(date of acquisition
 if applicable)
    

    
    
    
    

CASA Montalvo Holdings
 Inc.
    
April 4
 2011
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
August 9
 2012
    

    
    
    
    

Cannabis Beverage Group
 Inc.
    
March 27
 2014
    





Financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below and disclosed on the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








Fair Value
 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 March 31
 2014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
173
762
    
    
    
173
762
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases
 issuances and settlements
    
    
195
860
    
    
    
195
860
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(13
462
    
    
    
(13
462
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
&#160;March 31
 2015
    
    
356
160
    
    
    
356
160
    




































Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes during the period attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
 and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs)
 by class of asset.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).




























Tabular disclosure of the key aspects of a subsidiary (partnership
 corporation
 or other entity) of the limited liability company or limited partnership.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued February 13
 2014
 in the principal amount of $15
000 with six minimum monthly payments totaling $16
800 in aggregate. The Company fully repaid the note.
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
900
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued June 10
 2014
 in the principal amount of $75
000 with eighteen weekly payments of $5
000.&#160;&#160;The Company repaid $45
000 in aggregate towards the principal of the note as of March 31
 2015.&#160;&#160;The note is currently past due.
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 issued July 22
 2014
 in the principal amount of $6
000 with six minimum monthly payments of $6
720 in aggregate. The Company repaid $3
469 in aggregate towards the principal of the note.
    
    
2
531
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible notes payable
 net
    
    
27
531
    
    
    
11
900
    




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    
March 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Chief Executive Officer
 issued on June 6
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 6
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on June 21
 2011
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on June 21
 2013
 The note is currently past due.
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
10
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 3
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on January 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on January 20
 2014
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on April 1
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 31
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
2
000
    
    
    
2
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to stockholder
 issued on March 23
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on March 23
 2014
 The note is currently past due
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
6
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to a relative of the Chief Executive Officer
 issued November 20
 2012
 with interest at 8% per annum
 with principal and interest due on November 20
 2013
 The note is currently past due
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
1
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable to Destiladora Huerta Real
 S.A. de C.V.
 an entity controlled by the President and Chief Operating Officer
 with interest at 5% per annum
 with principal and interest due on August 23
 2015
 The note is currently past due
    
    
320
000
    
    
    
320
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
346
000
    
    
    
346
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(346
000 
    
    
    
(26
000 
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable &#150; related parties
 net of current maturities
    
    
    
    
    
    
320
000
    




































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015









    
    
    
    

    
    
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2015
    
    
For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




Deferred tax assets
 noncurrent


    
    
March 31
 2014
    
    
March 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
232
829
    
    
    
951
732
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
232.829
    
    
    
(951
732
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    

        


        
    
    

        

 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2015








 Inc.








Date of incorporation or formation (date of acquisition
 if applicable)

  2011















 Inc.








Date of incorporation or formation (date of acquisition
 if applicable)

  2014























Date of incorporation or formation (date of acquisition
 if applicable)

  2012






































































Individual
 partnership
 corporation
 or other entity that is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the limited liability company or limited partnership.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




160





Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1 [Member]



























Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]








160














160









Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











394)







160





Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]















762





Purchases
 issuances and settlements

586







462)







160





Derivative Liabilities [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]















762





Purchases
 issuances and settlements

860







462)







160









Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























The net increase or decrease during the period to the fair value of certain investments for which net asset value per share is calculated (including by unit
 membership interest
 or other equity (ownership interest) unit measure) (alternative investments) measured based on unobservable inputs (Level 3). Such movements may include gains and losses which were realized or unrealized and included in earnings or recognized as a change in net assets; movements in the Level 3 alternative investments due to purchases
 sales
 issuances
 or settlements; or transfers in or out of the Level 3 category for purposes of measuring fair value (for example
 due to a change in the observability of significant inputs).




























Represents the net increase or decrease to the amount of certain investments for which net asset value per share is calculated (including by unit
 membership interest
 or other equity (ownership interest) unit measure) (alternative investments) attributable to transfers in and out of the Level 3 category for purposes of measuring fair value. Such transfers may
 for example
 be due to changes in the observability of significant measurement inputs.




























Aggregate net gain (loss) on all derivative instruments recognized in earnings during the period
 before tax effects.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











462
940















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Note payable
 net of current maturities

351


900










Note payable
 principal amount

000


000





800


800



Note payable
 net of current maturities



900










Note payable
 principal amount

000


000





000


000



Note payable
 net of current maturities

000












Note payable
 principal amount

000


000





720


720



Note payable
 net of current maturities

531






































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Sep. 15
 2014
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 16
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 01
 2012


Common stock
 par value





























Securities sold under agreement
 value

000













Common stock
 par value
















 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty five percent (65%) of the lowest closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of the Common Stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion













Cash fees paid
 issuance convertible debt

000















000















000




























Debenture
 principal



000


000















000






























373
626













330


330









Convertible notes payable
 net of discount



670


670
























Debt available
 amount



000


000
























Debenture
 principal



000


000













514


514









Convertible notes payable
 net of discount



466


466
























Securities sold under agreement
 value







000











 par value $0.001 per share (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) at a conversion price equal to sixty-one percent (61%) of the lowest thre trading prices
 as defined
 of the Common Stock for the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion.



















444







Debt available
 amount







556







































Amount of investment in debt and equity securities categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and intended be sold or mature one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 20
 22





















































































Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.




























Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).




























Amount of litigation expense
 including but not limited to legal
 forensic
 accounting
 and investigative fees.




























Amount
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of funds outstanding borrowed in the form of a security repurchase agreement between the entity and another party for the sale and repurchase of identical or substantially the same securities at a date certain for a specified price. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000










000










000










000







Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




000


000





000)


000)



Notes payable - related parties
 net of current maturities



000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000










Related party note payable
 interest rate








000


000







Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 21
 2012
Dec. 01
 2012


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000
000


000
000




000
000





000
000


000
000







Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share










Common Stock
 Shares Issued

466
969


157
512







Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

466
969


157
512









000


250


















Common Stock
 Shares Issued





251
996





Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding





251
996
















Common Stock
 Shares Issued





000
016











552
000


















000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























500









Sale of common stock
 price per share












250






















000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











200









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











400









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























667











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000











000









Sale of common stock
 price per share























000









Shares issued for services
 value

000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























000









Shares issued for services
 value

000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























000









Shares issued for services
 value

000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























000









Shares issued for services
 value

000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount





















Sale of common stock
 price per share












833









Shares issued for services
 value

875




















Sale of common stock
 price per share












000









Shares issued for services
 value

000






















111









Shares issued for services
 value

111









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























111






















500






















000









Sale of common stock
 price per share












000









Shares issued for services
 value

000






















500









Shares issued for services
 value

763









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























333









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























500






















000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount























000









Shares issued for services
 per share amount




































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 15
 2014
Aug. 29
 2014









Securities sold under agreement
 value



050
000



Share purchases
 shares



000



Debt available
 amount



000







000










Shares issued
 value



500










Securities sold under agreement
 value

000







000





































Amount of investment in debt and equity securities categorized neither as trading securities nor held-to-maturity securities and intended be sold or mature one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of consideration received by subsidiary or equity investee in exchange for shares of stock issued or sold. Includes amount of cash received
 fair value of noncash assets received
 and fair value of liabilities assumed by the investor.






















































































Amount
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of funds outstanding borrowed in the form of a security repurchase agreement between the entity and another party for the sale and repurchase of identical or substantially the same securities at a date certain for a specified price. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014



















































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











232
829


732





232
829)


732)



Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance










Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.
























































Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014















625
968









232
829


732





257


097



























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).

























































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( (..B$CG?S$WN0$  )T7   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
V8RT[#
!!%?Z7*%C6N'=ZBW5V@ 0_8))I8S6.+=M]_3UV@BJ@EJ@


M!(6H' 6I'(6I' 6J'(6J' 6K'(6K' 6L'(6L H6L H6L H6L H6L H6L H6L
M H6L H6L H6L H6L!0I9Q2R%BAD+5#(6J0M4 A:_%!5M;]*S]Z!5!+ P04

M]AQ2U\=43'X




MN@EC-REX$T9O5O1FC-ZLZ
V@L[9VV



MNT#CU
\0\^M6^O !4$L#!!0    ( (..B$@Z%7T
KP(  $\*   0    9&]C

O87!P+GAM;+U6P7+:


H'DM*B+

M



B4




LB.JY$


K_@TY]/IVV&R


M#^J$=-FVT#;6JU#2_1JBP\N)*UM;WQY3/Z*35U5^ E!+ P04     #CHA(

!FGK_# J5,
M7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH


M1X(AQ=RO_?67N\FD
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)
M\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/[_D*ZTX\9Q]6EK!=S\_DGHQR([O=

M^+3&K!'@$WVWO@C(WXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\
MW*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+



M/F#([
PTG!Z(++9OVX
M?H;5
VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I

MQ/NN



MHO

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ
M@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F
M6/




TRC/-
_3Z3

M$\PN!P%VT'D3(3

2I1&NE!*

M/;V=YR1FGVROK7;/P;4$L#!!0    ( (..B$A74$%MF@
  )

   /

P$$#_BL87R@$2RTEH


!--\T74:I']U!G3PH?3$H(J

\.
MOE(0)R#^1-!2$%!!0
4_0*N AQBH9W;+SAOE&A0)/_!47.*EAY24!3 IH^

35M

MK)TP/A:*_:7(J:MY0M;.I
KJ$DO2




M4TT'4SWSI_J9'U(4%31/&#J






M0_]CG$QCM8S7G['97F2Q(\;FM]7Z&.^=FT]6='UC3[YOI=_\ E!+ P04


M;'U6R8ZC





M41:/
JSHJ76)3$1F%T@< HE!SY<O1;0B%3O00)R&.5VF=0ADQHR




M 

M*_**#S%P#(PU&


M9ZZ


Y\
#

QC2)I]&


M9FB:69%AJS#




M$8!/B)^R:4\8%8#RDJ- 1ZBBCD5L @E_44!V*F?YM,#,').S^I8)K2$%3





MN.

MN89



MYV':V4RIDVEG92JR-
]WN7.+URLAC+(BBV(WD3IJGY].T&;*G$RSY@-0:Z6;

1

  


V$(9?1?!](G(H\1 X!F(517M18+$7
M[;5BT[:P.KB2'&_?OI(H.R/OD
B-=?J'_&=$?B*]OC;MC^YD;1_]K





O/$AUX
^2HSK-/
*




5$T#==9\

M
1#

M1G='Q&(!D!G'

4N




MG7Z/V3?


MV!4(/965)SD];Z3G\_1*

M11Z*Q2*O\GY411R/L'()V1!7&.M@Y9E$ZCA8E&F AAG!@FYG7C*!8N9D-)

'7*2\=1C5

MK







7C6RAF0'-7D8SYV@FP\K9 C
#F+T
9D8P
MRR=BG#.W].-5P;4^H.(L(([9?' !9/;*HPLDLWY@R!::&= \/ANXALK1S-K\
MR:E+92'WM3)D.&J+S@QT9IG.#$='UORQ\
R 9WD)5_

MKL;/J:_UR54A/Q/ 
5MH#H#F(*
Y )I3H1[S!(O- =@LYU0'8+-&H)R[P4=Y
M^?:5]?8<A5^G%U
MM  = =!!!G2$@W&#/M$B= 1RR<_=1P16BY/3MZD;2I 993'HG







M+YTM]W.CNDJ!



=[;^5O2W:



2SF-.7\6
M8^5VR9A


M



MB

M.:(?5=R#Z#D['.-[MLH3H\KMA,#*PR0R_5 
&A0/4!KS[C5%19J$ QLH)/

I)
2YKT2(9]8T
Q2(/V


MM43T[18A

?=Q]'-

M[A\7E3T
TT\]_NZ68YCE8F@O]U.EQ]'6YE]02P
$%     @ @XZ(2):UXGF?
M 0  L0





X
&UL?5/+;MLP$/P5@A\0RK*<MH8L($Y1)(<00[MF996$A&2JY*4



=#NZ-UJNR\(@+^)CLV9H$[P?$EQ \-CN:!0L@






]19$G4A:
9YE-TP+:6A9I-R+






D






1$GOCQ\.;L_/KO.?I3K[A1=Z)!IZ$
M;:1Q9(<^W&RZFQK10S175U3TH;_


MWR]@QTU7V;P 
YQSY@R78D3[[CH 3SZU
FY'.^_[+6.NZD +=X



9QV-GRF72;PF< 7PL\L&9\*)9L/
MPHNRL#@2.QUM+^(-KK8\'$1%@C='XU;J/B+*XECR+_8
0I]P^PG#$^8U8)@
M07TIP?]?8L_/Z/PR?7W%X3K1U[/#S66!_(I G@3RJRU^Q]S^4X2=G:D&VZ:G

D

M3ZV



CX62S0?A19%;'(@=C[83\087&QX.HB3!FZ-Q


; 8W?\(/
O+;X
VRC .,
MCKM_OX =-ZW:O  SG'/F#)=B1'MT'8 G;UH9MZ6=]_V&
5=UH(6[P1Y
V&G0


;@3[VE6;0


AN;BGIPO]9
M @6-C\N?86VG)S4%'OOS!UE^:?D?4$L#!!0    ( (..B$@W08E]H@$  +$#

DI\2K[P<<$JRNV\EJIP3B)AECHMO0^W^S*


+L%PQ
F7Q$LJ*\E^/]+[/@9G7].+ZXX+!*]^
?A
MA4!Y1:!


M965T



MPH?0MLSU%D2=2%HQGF6W3 MI:%FDW+













!W@ 92*0J'PQZSY53(23]='

+5Q'P0J52R.I!N=1'RF4:/$Y

.T_@


MN_
ZPLZR2POMCB-PS/_BG3LY4@VW3TW&DPL'XZ?6[/(Z[WFZDR]X6?2B

O

V+0M1!)=
MD8[3OR])V8Y6X/)BO69G2'%G3%47.;RKHQ Z^NS:7JWCH]:GQR11VZ/HN'J0
M)]&;)WLY=%R;R^&0J-
@^


M[2


9E?I B(%(@@]XI@##&3
B!2(H+2*X(Q[_((BR0 1+

M*D




P
1L0.A. #D]
(?.S






SP YU[(&?\?-+\M/7$Z
_

M
&3[A@RW )#



/K&HN5WU\;](O4$L#!!0    ( (..B$C+


YYPY

0/HL-


<6]A$P=I(ET94
MC\X;=:%@I/AKGH5.\Y1WV/9,NTY@9P*;;<T&<^%DLT'[GE56C
AFX]VX/$&

:D:0H#Z78%^7.+ %G5VG


AVWFPPZL/WF0
)K8_+;5C;
M_*)RX


M



H_X_0=YA1NHV-RJ61U*/SJ,\42K1XS;,T:9[RS?K+
M3+M.X#.!+X3[(AG/@9+-K\*+JK0X$9M+.XC8P=6.AT+4)'AS-%ZE[.B*D\5

39K4@6%!?0O#_ASCPSJ_3E]_XG=Z.M
BZY*-5K.)+QH9$8AJ/Y[ *ZF?9(EEXU7UO76;^J
<QVA\(C N W@\E<S9'/?E3JS2]^-OLD]1& 0VV] G7#

%
M^=KB0*[H9)V^N9%P$^B;2

M

O

RYX;6R-5MN.VC 4_)4H'[^! B@$ FVJMJ'2JM]:)]-,1:.TYM
M0[9_7]N!;(P2*R_X-F?FV

MM^AC-N


M@
C:(UB-$VP!)L9E^IA-A-?CG7NM#O@C&M] JTG=((N1#-N]@DT\9&B@!7W
M
U'(OFB.?U'8P&!00SB5%U<J552(:ZV[8M'/]N5X[XH6^(+G64
N




M:J5DO


_JD+

#)!ZV
M
X UFYBTNXE6




!3\*XA[%XS!

W



7KSF-F


'L#2;2&# @
M AE]D(B6)?;1B![-1S&!C.*T!+$E#S8\V/X6P.$T@T+Q%;).(1'X)PJM$:

M0/I\XU('CRN+Q

M!;UN#2*T#L6'/ U@I XE!U/6A4=@LM%MC^ZPYU!URK3M;5PVMG!72AWK


M:&5E=#(V+GAM;'U4R6[;
!#]%8(?$&JS@QBR@%A%T1X*!#FT9UH:+0@7E:2L

M 1A4QBE0NUR@!

_4PVE9'_ZVG0VV BC&AHZ
M
O

A.2A1#O[Q+2

M&








&R




MG&O'&%ERC=B
(MJCN:/X&_[
2B1I@J\XC[[BK[\


M=


\TMI/V






&#$@$F(_G/K)(A.@LV [4J B3TB*2*2@@#4*0(Q



7L8(@+CPZF-NP]';/;-C81S+&N:\9
!]AXK8);-AXSZ+;[NLD



!2%7\7B 6I((2(($TZ&K6+
MD:HN.FL'+L&JC1G;9VWKW\($R1*LXG_SOW.
8Z=]T*^JP9 HP_.6K4/&JV[


-YH2V09&[N1=9Y.*L&6WA
M12)UYIS(?P=@HM\'J^ Z\4I/C;83N
CQ6%=1#JVBHD42ZGWP8[4[9%;A!&\4


M?B4)A[+Y@F@HB





M=?NR5DU7ZL9KU6'C?V7K;30@ _&[5-=N=NY9\2]:O]J+G_N-'UH-JE([8UO(


-P;
94@+*IL8=[#W
M$[3L+PI!


M;^:R)L





V
MZYE1*LPVR]5VNI@?/_N\6\S;MVZ]VC:?=Y/]VV:SW/UWTZS;]^NIGIX^^+)Z

MZ]_\^7@]57T0S;IYZ/HYEH=?WYO;9KWNISJX_K?


I7\+W$SZTZ_WQY^3A;=^UF].0
MZ62S_#'\7FV/O]^'_P13AHT/





S11I\M9H?9SRX
[^+&5
/-F(/;VL*J
9



E-

Y Y_VD#4F.
M9Z9 +5%;07+J!N9SWRLT%R[J8)JVL##NK&Y-UCCO#=N;-&I.FG:GR$R!FH4.

MW


?JP


MDTAO
3KM

M0* 5L$SS=@AJ1_4W
5
@7)U$?YU4?QTBUDGTU]7ZJQ-_PP:![27Z6XQ.%=!






RD (P()\1JDJR9$[UG


UWL.*D5;G



ME47)R?7=])-3YEI25;6FKE]*7&SZK3K9MF]WP\5[R?/+1OVVXX^GG^]'QX

-.UK]?E7/7Y</?B?U!+ P04     #


BYX;6R%

/W[^D$HC(PGB_AU



M68 I[MRTI!

MP*JYDR.A5#


2#^





9K9I
43I6C);C\YV46X;-X&^
M1]8_/?AUQ1Y&T.C54[#(^Y6CKX_X


I_4$L#!!0    (


M$T J2V(TC*

B+][H+S?!:O@MO':G&ME

V1\7[D_
TL?E2[(#(6@$*I




$%     @ @XZ(2
9#'!#( 0



]2OKG!]^H8Q0X!.)3&)3#;W. $G+L@N_'O
?-C


MMT1(L/?0MIUOA[2T=&V;BC@4R&)-TTT-% _S'@0.;K^L(



B']'H'PZ!%%PW?CHFE:9

#O#B9Y-T?&^YGS3[/X61VT%@ J4R
MD0/%S@!I49(!_X[:]Y&N+]_*K^9K/5[L]$PHG3/UVE6FTV#% %-1FI^N#3

HL@O19J&.;X8H17F

D&TDDEI^X%'F%T@W!%(KD,Y5
MB+Q56&/\B3SK(SL-HSL5@*)U\@:DWJ-/
*LC&0;1K*5P
YK9(6)
Z^11QAG

$%

),.FX=%(

?C6B


C)G

YDN1SAJQF
PF)(7)
M)GTBE*P()0NAC5/(8E)[_#.73B#LG


MKIVT_\

P%


9HX.-WSD=IL<G)^GCD\=$
M\*<'Z6!XF@Y!)9'90[X2S.)%
ZB7N1C)*EIBY3.)L!=0(;#/BZR8M(KYLDX











/'F[.



D0.#=6
7OST_OD%OD$#O'CU]D\PF1=OW[^F 'F+$'SL&0$^FX+#';]^\_:-?60
M'
SVY9L_/K_8QA'67=M
?K0C22*RS
=WS#%XB=V_RY=_\I6WRNNLKFRBWP


M@V0U!ZZ0X
8__+.R;[H]OY[A'.(4,O)3;GD)68XF^9K9SA\921GO%TEN43




7^ +0 J]
[MO&7
!R(
MHLSI[V&XI'4%M]RV\VQ:P
SG148AX$553)-C(LQ!'P5=%KX^R6_R:;FHY2*1



NPY6S;W0S&?.!
M-



9HWR


+P#%QW_54WH9M/
ZIP87O+H8-@;'/2&0]WC





JK?PP 3TTNJ./HJG)'EJI.WR*?1;J7H7R/]9NEV U4%7$W


^1!H6JR/K'X0K U//F,XQL6],M[_[G04NDW5GNN$E
MF9MPG_?HQ*8XPS39PI2\U$$R^GA/ZOL+ILV]@ %7! X(
D8O4_?8BE7R]]9



MVA :J?SWVVMT=X/V3*0_+6]Q#;(IQ#.N.(

M6$;DZ6I
=FQC$$&IJ(

.'9/MM$S)Z00J!NP2
M
J&?^A=]]^/9V3LR24QR=@]S\
T'%T@&(99W]$ A GN%WI+OFU.\SISEF)



 *]M/SI;LDF#7KZBB;J

:MTCD

MYK\W=9J:)ZT 8XD



M8



MZMFJ1IE5


MI7A'W\B%KBV3NRVF4R%01$VT!DGES/&1'#0W(@5Y7G:Z]&$]K(T 

M4\?T_O-*93?\RI*_
+DY[BC.9E4Q
_$NQ[ZC8
H9REVN.0*G
2E7H^7ERC#P
MUU81=9X@Y8S+6][,P8F:Q*#(##RL)/'




?GR=-#QW7B*

/+U9!NH.GN8EAABR
M*^#*H--=KD@FP.-9/0V.A/FY9(CE1.,LH96&:ZV,^O7,PWIQ^+_FF8*W
M+*=WJ9BI0BPT79C!VW-XZ%H$3V_!H;ET]Q&6(X+KOHTN6D?2]_N_RRCD!2I



L1B:PBL1&%D9*

;X$:RU]XID0I9UESC
M92Q+B[?26=]]?.#F!
WLP.JFH'I]T$9J,G;H8&:X&]-Q1\:6S49H6OS2-@@
MPFY

@X$*PQ&80YF)NK43[2?=(]YS9ACP 9E8
M7^-&P6EFL_RVK#XZNJ4T*U*7PIR 9CL\HMVNTSWT-.RG:GAG**XWGHSL R_0
M?2@#3$RP7' )[@2#
L.3$3


M%=S
I4





MCFJ%R


M=A?ZU$.XX

MI)@

M52\0$C,)=/%.P^#EG
%M
[ZUL.K]S%P6J

$7P=]+:$7.+ZP*:]+D]'FL$


L6DQ^WFO*=(\.





:S:9R9/
W/%'3B'^_H
M#M1
BW!LJM^4Q=@#T'P#F*R%
&CB6OI;(A!'@P.)0#R^IU/81E5W -@T= =&

Q=*9F(Y&


M*&8L-JD

M



GQ/*H
M
;[3A)XF&+93N.



QNH9O-/JG]UW)RBJI<]H!''?T/5=N_S7UZ\?/$6




!P94ML52[Q:;-3$E#LG#RH!P%'1$@REQ''\0J(L
MG9N@9'$&W3*&'F'^B&RRDR!;A1)DR2J2R7C3JRR-SN$R63EV(9L/<6)<?@
MVDS,CP\D2AD ;MFIH9ROT,GT&NNN
M

Y[92\D_877=H:*HE)YM^
M*92/^$+K#C?B.AW*W?HP3JR528$

MUB_@GI(^DZG(X&-% 4



0




MHY6BI9 G!4US.K5;2@R4S!^V)$59(9-S/I?:53X\MROJ*6'4D_M'H9X203VY
M?R3JB2Z=^Z= /3W3

OX%IVM*
M/F?1&+TFB]/_4/(@R=E2*\RA 2@@X]F%$;O*]*F=='Q*-LB]\XLNX@&H[!#L





:D][O'S^*:_&H)XX-D?'^70:
MP@3='%5<X2%Y(N(HEO_%U9&Z/ILT/NM$#9RW!7]K9Z)B62SVZBB1&6
($K:

M+_



MEJ$T%3

MRXY)26:'58X%[].0((/A/3WRJ&DVA\  K_T6
JO::#]Z5FZK$/$2.UNN2UAI
MJ]N1!;N3L'+A.VMY^6:1T(2(:DIZE5^CM_;&5_C90T5N/SX++2%-HNEI@3X.
M1


N#U.:W'A*D]H0T

MNZTG3#7N

[(I




JKMG )D4DPT?


3N]%KG@

M.[]N4*'K1B.!.F/?)6$3BOP2U-A $N4CO'2VR'\[=DW*6ON1 .18(?FOO
M!PPEFQ\7];2@Y%Y9T

GA[R

5G'MSSL8IZ;V!@3ULON'
MCX8
Z



M
0$(T9W$GR/&)#7J@]?KA%O57#Q^W!M\ 6!(ZCTKG+1=\
#C3&O_+.DKOA0L



M&N:Y11#@9-Z.4







M24Q*C]F?9JO :6


&[$!97]T?4:035U5B *5+9XRKL

M:

M2&0Q*9T$


MMJ;2O?K?KE5T%MM*XY

MI:Q5$Q AT+9+S= Z!A,\SADT6/OG*DHM8:])^CFYW@WU\S/0'O$MKFN7F)



%8%D?K1Q%&8BQ
M8]?T U]7@43.EKQ?*?JDI*%




*T8TZV
MI

27EQ

O/

MD A.8WKG&@6
.J-/RW(R?F[%-]BAYFZX/);4N E;89E4^GJ3__1S3Q9$^3





MPKSV6JIV?XOTRIV4HHR!GCK7G33@5Y=1\%535GTU?ZZ4EV*OGJG=JI






GWY=6'- Z_BL3?ZJU;.#Q\


4JAF\AY8-

MAR^GJ@_0V131'2
5Z?EVB40S 5 5POD1=\=
M#0_H(&5'W^=75%&8NW1Y7S&'GGWV=Z.: LR.
EGVM(+U32[-RMWGOSSSO]?:

XL3:[9YOU=KKLZ&$:G+I[C7OCOH'QP
4%D3OX!L

MP$(*-5CPE79.





D9%$




NLO57

M%@M2[+P&C





?@%'86W^B1YP
M:/&19+M^X_SUBV?)CU6Y6B2O7IT_X

M

YC ]#_7E
4#_8 T'8VXG3(X#G_2



M\B4)


M861?.P!^?$&U ^^2%WC[7X-I1;5T&
6$_^W+1S9!*!!3X+P;F[D$I4V-$48?






M(49DKHT*
8;!

M)LI/7
?&BK#:





M__G[
\A=.2/K.L

M)UMOOOL.3/-'H&%\YEWCX.]Y!Y+WJ)[RNZ]EPSFY &HPQ;*MJ7G[-[. &[
M8XG%QNV

-BC FZ0%OW-%UR)UST.$T


MIV
7SB#ZK5[;5$V8X\:_!X/F#YIO'/J
2)
EV?[1H]2UGNIX
^2HFI\]UI^]



4M)1R499^ E#9.KL]X,;67K)$RK
M3O]MK-8R<E!%\_/Z<^HL$FHWH*E_:1\B336W%(:YC(9/ 8)3^G3
ZJ$F6HU
MO?A1)C
-JG$7&FU!B;7)H_(

(WHX

M:.178[M?PAU
D)A;+9HVD&0Q#TROE7UHC(TTV4RCJ2BR$:C65VT^/(X(DZ@?

MR:5;*ALPGF9XMP+J4I!9\(&HTIP#$NO80+;2J2SFYW_G6C[H'ZAR-C2Y]5T\
M+7O841&=-M/!%#TN*NF8+)K8ECF7XH%#HI;#4I83S&.8M7CH)NU3!$MB2C
M)GH(J72!I8(POPPMS&8

8*-3\.A@Y%E66^?R7;#S.ISEWEN1E

&_16M;UQAO.HM)S-%_:



,AP\FXD_?:X]S!]0 !07'VRK*ZRN92VQCK7DE[@?X+:(E4_UJ8$
MDL:0U(MIL21A)PTQM8^4Z4=9CM%#@Z'_R:K2\[,7N/;=SN04M8=],6[4R43R
MR_CXB X='&;984$X6V4<)GG6%P&KOJ2VH-0]TA205ML9EXN:4+1D6L5:*R3




M3?G[U
=


M$/G:K$B%;P-'/*/F, /IT5T6R^%4:$_8 6JSYTS^T!UN

MA9UTS9-'1OEE644O+
*$ZT@:[BH#=WWPV+UH+JTU\:/C/LE!^L.=LS((&[GF
MWFUGFGLTU+[^Z9ZOW;


M2B(&; /U40H/EZ@8&C[U.C-!NJY\1L0%#TZX8^_@\2 ]?O1XMP!(S/W2;7$F

#\!\?W<<.[T D$!3X:%-X%TN9D]JW)G.*2]%0?96M25
HAK10
M3?


WQ%$@*]QM6'2.'A4TMPU9G0(FO%).CC:D4W[&0T&


MU'L^GVQ8GM-FU.HI2FJ*1;
# [HD9K#/?[7NX=\TS@7]&P5<_NH.(X;?8TLPWUH]
MBC%E
^4$72\GX47:]Q#O_C.(HWI2^







#F
M\MRF^L^KR14%9$(?:?21\9SHP]?%%3;6]?$Z_

;\!?BV_-QM-XH7DF:@M)_QP:C
MPSVF._B)8Z+3(UL;
'CBL.ECN#P=_;1-A


[L


M8!;EHK$^V$^- 3$A$;P7%XCAZG(NNH





M6]


MS X
'P][@
MH#<\@/]7S.2+LXNGUIR^P,+S)/+.RXDWZ%G;\&:H4MXESMW:F6GGL[2
FS2
MD/ F3
J%M
7@*;E'ASB9WM&P=W2:W&]*H'\,TL+XZGV_ +YE]FHF[M1+$V


-U 5M4C:_OA$62DPNXVB_A8KY8K6L598*A\['UW.P%?-@Y2AA1 =
MG!PE\M[1?C*JRFPB-@#;5)VSNINY
OH4

:;RP@2XD8#J4 J5]A8B]MTV<AT^<!


M%[9Y3!MVB9^ NGS8X9W)P^BX$HWLC_H:C6GI[*6&99VW++3(Y1(U#C.?XSZZ
ML7Y%BPVCR5$1P&UF794P
3@TZR#SX(Y*-'8X0T[_ M
F\%U)!PT*9+BKYBBJ


M@!1!UV)/..GWD_)VWJM*JOPB9KB$?*IR^@-*Z0S-84JW(_V^1W-F;TS(]:B%

MO#HB6R8&'5NXY\.-AXHK_:7V/(N-D3
N.4EYZQ*44)NZF_8FG#CU)3V91;


MC8WNAF KHZ^3_%2P^SAD
5MP\J!ZGL

M.JMJ+I?(=49!8@\O5J+!#_R


++DT1?




@$Q
1!&4A$$

F%#2OML@Y4_/Y?2A30M[)KP3 $Q
H



CY'[R-G2_[MYRIDA*OU(
W)2]53%


Z2



W@[P:'$.




A&_EJ(:2)8P

_TZ9?4W[SV#@


R#E\LH(



H*?'R#O4

PFZ,MY9TK+IDO-/2%U)UV&--.RD@J/G(L!HN6&E0LJBM9)-)D\8_J/



OYY+HXD*1N4H*@?R0
M5T7 ?

 ?X?DLF^K6MS.Z?TR$8V-
IU G_HKV#??)$



1J





VE)+//V306L\EB]3^4/%#RU-0*
MO&A '


M\E/A)TI3H@9
@OO4%L%#?S_[X):UG3+%;2;Y DWFH-V2


M







J1

M;\U2=1HQLR1H=*ZUC






MS [HPGFA4U8/ NX3P\%XJ#4-.S(R@_V=Z$

MI.^.OYCA(3;?HCL-WRO'Y''1JTOQ!GFWGYPY4P# 
X!

M:.#U$N

J_4:
M=Q\R'_+B-;R=KB42NG&)OMM7:KB9&%ZD#%
Y.[G+OJ_D2GD?*1_E?'K'BEQ-
M/GNZ5

40V7

MQ6]0Q5Y0T@IE'_%.2Z=I/WJC7U-4+XM:&:![







MJKGV;VSGB(7O\@#)N@'X:ZPMLV5#

MI[J6HK='86D6:EBX%


:8RRP3.+Y'=








H_R\:L-O11:*




&#;@X.U5L,;B'M3Y'W+I.OFK/QZ;Q7



&F1
MDNLDI9

M-EPEB(4K-?:Y:2(QCO!Y4BR#3FD16-KPFST2Q)8YM?(N!/3591/UE4$=.A9@

'9



M&6B/8%A5KEY@0?T($(@-2;DB/J(JJ-LE /*QA\E709W;[9J()N*::Y0?@K


.QNPC2?+0#SEQK-87&&V

%+^.7
[I L&

EW7:B7

E(\[=KM)@S;:



C+I$5 F-=KU%CUG:0:+L)R'E$VF^!F6
MB

M(


M.A7@[/?1827MP$8W

@J&% *8E(\37%+\







O)]D$+212.XHJEI_9&D[T#
M)IJ1?Q]]$L@-[2-O&3AP/&CZ
I5AR'N-&WLA4@0$A$4R

M


G YY&C




M[+$V&.]5T)K1C(7'EM4E6E#(B4&0?
?V
B-_$KJL2W2E@W;;HP:P#%QZ'P Q








M7 M7']N1A*@-T4$B





M6%^2$(*YM)=PZ;LZ?-JMJW9K=.QX#();OMD&4(+HA*5QN



!N5A@\#CR?/JI@P!/
M?6=5+2Q#.05%:QV(/I6[\%M9U89!;8J(U:NH)@S
3Z*DEG^7!*#/[X
9[3]


M*/[-)R1RAF%
]-=1EDDE;]9+@YR4=Q4[.OO%J_

[JL
<JD$ZLRX[*A?%*4=
MN&+^3LZO9]1;42U&WLF7U<ULL5#5.'FO0(@2'K&&*RX2#3B2.!07':ES(;:
M&E$G9




&
M




H_97%)T=/9HK&6$& 4H0EML;MD4/X($.#[9.'JO;N=


MM

MCZ_#A'_]FR
XQY/^U)6BQ=#GJ:LFT&*^8/!0??K_Q#M_=IA8M+ZPRE\A;=




XZMR.7\PVL23LDRPD=9KS

M 8


M#H6HL

MY F2RAH2Y:2)TTJYI!N






,K+Y#QZ#0 \<(FU<CZ:M4TD _1 J 4QISUN@Y6PFQ:
M2+
VN ?3LQWS-/+8F)S+IZU5AX D+^J;0_6CYP]]BUAWL#8:P!-Z.4X2.
M7__^X0OF^2D3[@@ Q(.N+J:


J





ME5+SR
ZX8(6L'C(3*D_J5L+% 8^)20\4/D%%!5Q*QB0UXP(1HY9U2HJ^Z%


9 F
MS!D

M+W7QQWH.
F77T*KK9

!X/GQC7QYI;P
M3F_?GH;OG]E=^1

]%'\L*SO[Y+CJ.=V$J8U


MMM$I)-G!S^EY^NV0_QRYIW_$B_NL0G(\PK\ZH.MUA?'W +P=S






#


M$P%2?KSC/-A/ZDWVA_:+3E5N!=DB[O
 U?T
= 5X4M8^VB ?V7 X1S+?'S5/

MSS%G&%R/MSV!3;B%%H]E18+3:




V'WD$6A34RZ;/&T:\C'_D\+U IA_K&
M08E_/9K

MA^CV-YJ][&]8[L#WFGOL
1
RVC AO[ SLME=&U]D-
2MKLA8!4BZ9V5.B_\N











M6P4R\:O8@'N0U^?WWS#:?^O/7.^/ #M O=Y3;$2]S1L.B &W[+;8AXJ5_0








Y 0  G1<  !,              ( !     %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y<&5S72YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     #CHA(2'4%[L4    K @  P              @ 'J
M 0  7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

M% 





E U. @  V@H   T



M:&5E='

M% 
4     #CHA(M-?D







M  @ @XZ(2!^J$ RB 0  L0
  !D              ( !

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 



4






M=#(P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (..B$CTV/ KI0$  +$#   9



M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #CHA(.VRF3$$  B   &0







M965T



2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #CHA(B.?0)!0
5K  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
S

M2

O

4     #CHA(;!VB4N0!  !3!0  &0

U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( (..B$@QV.- -0(  
L&   9                3MR  !X;]W;W)K





begin 644 0001415889-16-005474-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( (..B$@IL&(;I0D! &X9@ 1    ='%L82TR
#$U
#
S
2YX
M;6SLO6MWVTB2*/A]S]G_@*V9GK'.DC(?(D79W7V/+-O5GG&5?2W7])W]

MDB*Z0( %@)+9OW[CD9E(O$B0!!^B6--3)9) 9F1D9&2\X\__Z\?4LQY%&+F!

-UIM=JO_\\OG^]'$S&UFZX?Q;8_$C^I
MMSS7_[WHO?;-S<UK^E4]FGL2)U=S=%_CST,[2D9& )<\GX,$?G5B_8+Y<.\U
M_YAZUU\M


[J5?4]RD U)



(Q3\!UN=^

M&#$)J


6WCT-ZKE]LD
GPS *



I(Z
M
_*#
9&

\J#)SY
M5%4^=2:IYT!2SXI+::/
:!3

7NJ99+;C



%RX_L
W

MGC7-[./R64



OYLDDT&S
UT G_?*%KY[/JC
MP/._VN&)M#&K3#.YE1^:=G+UJ8=W

MCOOH.G
[4_LVL]I3%47*&G5
7#'^ D/:


##QVPSINRZS\+ANJ1SZS@NAO_:WE?;=3[Y=_;




M-P]#_-J-1K;WW\(.UUU+TUQ(V6AY OB[\+S_](




9WAUH2 Y1TU:7F
'1A6GNEV'D^
MT/VG<*KALP2^=HO_*0,Q.]GVH.71MT?0B-5MA[$5\/ ,V\%2&46UP?)E'J,6
MAS&9NT2.,4T-4-6%IB50&;[E?;&SE/6!.4VC&RO4!87^ZL$]J&@[C3A?ZU#
MX+;6ZZ';RC'A)5-M57E\[Q7J/([60+5=:].H&JXJ:Y[5_W^3?]F4#%-\0:



*SA:K[5*=]X.QW2D=GXZEGG\EJ^N


1*P^^6



UOK/GG$!G#NP!BX+K[S
NVE?/<
&'X!5K0;I*H+CJ


M?]ESCR

E
M4/I=





]K/E-_VUSN)S7.'U862;]_#PHXT-C#^[]M#UJ#7(IB7
NKU^NV^ 5CCX

ML&L8JN A?X$6)EGMXUQL N?.]NO.#L



O+D#2C]@QN%
MS6-RXWP9JT@J-1?+ONN+,J4Q/H'FROC

MXBIB6?^ -P=?)\#_^&[*?X_ [.;7]@ F5.5A\@5:@K35S;P+'E
:P/(=L=

MK
#/!R$\*_ 'SQO\_(WPK

M%7&R=CVXHFPOHD'%^P_?C?_J5]U7^+L4:8AVI%&!C;L&9V:#U2P?1_I9[W

T:+JQW7A#@

6\ D8B3H



UE9


]RUO&6JL$/QZDH?RU?&Q9$IE%;=\U^EW!P5E/=;7WJK5)QYV?RY/0 9
MY



2DON95#L$-SW2X'M]TY++B%





MV!=A-'%GO]B^_0!2+J_A2_BS@!^P0PL]\:L]K5P$22+G%WC:]AZ#3U

T8P^






M(XL8]?G'5PDZU4#9[XHVMP$^VY5N3K$W@P

W!:4/2]I4R9[


R<






55]8PW





M=P=U  [
)!1V!*3!_P5B&(U %'






(LMSM4Z3+'*E.MB8M#KE2 B

E \_








AW9*@75V_Q:Q*




X(RD
1K3F
5PVUG6O ;(N




N
M<8+@-Q.A<. 1*=!^9O=O2C&



TSOY
;RP(QDQB5=2
M/+%C*RU0G
U']HC+
M/4:@1<(A!%CDO92L])6Q;AZO22SDE!^-+W\0#A8$C?IQ@IK VG
/3(F+5


.D*.[A)+
Y



MI%!@:^9M7



I<D_YS56I'
MR&'/
C7LL]^WD-B\%=X 4AJ 6%YPJ&2LP&N8M'F0T202-K-A _9AYR'V!4
M(;G( LE#Y%*&6#Q5&^+@ 0=0$R[*8


MT+/*R_J+[0-5D&B4Y^J CAFZ73 $32E.D9#%WNC6F4=$X*0-@&A
OI#D.IY)



X'U?0J<C?7&@3I!2


M58Y_-R-0$!GY.3)'H.AB!B)C6;?;SC'#D@&OY7A17/4-#0(R:XST&/.&+6##

M42


Z0=
*!'

M)B_(:!3




MO\V\LXTC&!%+0

=ASU64+SY#KQ!#'9^M-;
AWX&D#7IKR64U/3$&


&2E;2*@J

M_5#4LH#Z-3G8?@#^7AR9?Y2PIE(%CA)E(GJ9!9%M)ZXU([B!!_#*?&18JR





M)&\BA7_IP/HEMY4Z9NA*(F\@1G)9&

MP82-J;X

V49U7$:_()
A(F
MCE


X
MNP8F



M
9[OT77FR=47O4VC!X=2$8

]SR.5



UWJF1DM(&2G&JL_%( F21HRI# LL&8?(:/)MH_


F.)5%YLZ J(;/$!.C+%-8


M^1$MX0]#;
-


M#TG=+UG
 6TST0LN5/7LT-Y
M?6M8&I9^]S% 3<7+5V@J*E3(F5C*G\+A1%RL*:
MAO'QOBV[Z.N&!HM ?Z8
MVV&



M:4M(DFL;DO] %Q:S'T%XDU2E4ZT:DLV0X1_GXIG2!

Q)T:MP31Y&_1J0'AI

M7Q2=\:@0HE+FC9
_
_,_O$:)H#) ). ^RZH/95<9&L5Q@8==%0\4$V
U0F<(**K^K^O/YG&D-8I<(G1Q'?_0/'&]&TI


$2;N10:





2NF0'_J)J/J.A;!4ZIG
M6?O3L:2CL53/^C0V=55E 4[9






X%E[%&(0UIH*H4/ X)AEV4(ZH*40RI8?6E]$V:1AWS8:Z)
M,NXSRR&W/D:S4EP9T!D.Z4YG6#\^B4-.7EGD2[-@\FZJ3;Y8+!O+*X/3J%0



M#S?WPZ0TGRB;1)0!IBR1J#!W2**(;GS08TDG#9D/1B2P2.XG$X%8DF*1.@&8
M

M$V^89)J 0J+%Z42^M

O32
M2H:: U7V2I[.7J_JE;#OS;M3)EO:P K[LRLTKT)
'=O0.=IM
..'SO@_%/X[
MA\#_

MNH6Z?: 0X-6#;8./?]UL:3=_2C/







JFOJ(GV!=6IIN;1UBMN$BZ<UW-?_7F1:K20




M=K30C9'5

D^4K(M;68
U\?%

054YP=3
MLPGFR7.PK_

M77L

M@

MX[B/KC.GMGQ('Y*P.

\?\

+V_=WUO=@!E)9M]N8_@ =ZO*/33;!ILE3I&^4AU-9<%3$/4T
TYR
M*(VP2:


S^51)27V2P]C8[IY::H
@!U#0.)88CT&60!K#[O%3





B-R0




^.(CXJ=F*@

R
M?O#]@;()K!E60QGSR U=8 @AXI2O'$W&7(

M=JXTCVI0

$G


MH0E- U2\+&_(

^7]:G9:\NRG42VU#LLV


ML7
M_OU^/HR2
=2?@TY/[G*O]1:80/)WKR$CP*1K$LU6L89 +A9VN ^I)7B@R#
MT+!@K(P





M]V7







MZHI=-$M3G*%+FJ



M9EIO

I9 Q

A

M%$83%/_E37RO74( WA==?9#A2

MBQX6\4]Y$M5(LKE!(H
PL4B5BS1%)7X\2DN YXYU_$-E3FM+Y#GEU=G?[F
M
PZ:AE_
28N1&B;I94@QK/)?6K_-V,XMF6<#?A'AR)69#FSP
MPZXH20!3\?TJ@W/TY_2]8MZ$<4J?*IK:RDRKS27Q1/AY92'H23X[,N24J


5


8$U)P=FVW1&F'51]6
M9D'







M#V
2#ZFRN)B)$VO&W\88

)0-(#'7-

@8T6#\N%:*71]MIS+X

;R


M2BLU:[6I-5+4-

4
C-4KB/9.!91PO84T%I49SG!A;
MRW*@%D)@%&\I&Y&D0EV@ ;#ABK$5839!K!2)4:PMR_R#(E8L''+J//;36 G.
MDBIE?1!-1 M*Q*!P%XD7%(C(IJ?KF3$=)8&K1(=H9Z#09#?4-/ @
S!3.2
<I/E\Y_&AT6+KDBIU(0=XB

GSH@5S

EXQ1U+E/(&0Q[7*QF0@V'K#]DB2FI7L,\(*PL#7
M.&M,P%:A)1SDBFAND\50H)M!F9=2V18L]L+&D95;!H9221%]$6)VPXR!(]U?
MA(\N.NEUE'!$&+$7VC$OLER C2R')HK/K ='- Y=G_PL:?;DB;^^-%IOAI
MYLJ!JPWNC&/@'C$71P6)3C95^<M/K9_H<S2S1^JSA$9U/6^U_O36DJUUP2M
M8H2'2WY436*:&E^4]XT!EY-VL+0H]F&[,DH1H^&_%.I&BK9!A/-
B9&481
M$DO:



3/KL$^R&MKZ1
MV6FBLN@H0QK)1-GFHOEXC$G@TI2GZDEP


FRU)X
M]A-Q/\^;4[UVR2)1!:2?T(O- 5H@O#&A_G9YK^H!@OSGP]J59B2Y@DE1G[[=

M7[%
+Z /-=U&X: 8^BU+!LO




N
F@I5^J6L

Q


@HER?C5/CPS[
7$/+LF

)K[[QUS0G.K.
MM77.#:X1WZ$PITOK([$$=/K

M%9M\VFF 1UTQ4?9.


?:(N2S(\P$@
MQIE/37WDZ]=?#'V$')]/0OS.10 I/P3]HHR_(?(S&2M)#K#
58V7-+7%

(L

M#%TI4T681_#'G!K+X!?4BYC#.65/%



MF\!-Y]-&H0=
W:QO#D]QB2?(]/QD/4/+/4'6'5#;

ME$#)[N#H'+-GD7ACJ;\R?IUJ+J!\]VX%5_M/)7+M#OJ

M=S)^I%*&5

GY*=%I?X\4
-R03&^N]DZF*CX0;70I*FT@
MF^7K.N&SW)Q+!5^%LH- _N6B(GE:JTL$M&3^5.X?: =Q4Q?3I==8BF?G/TTP




MNL9H
4*?$

MI\XEW#Q&_& O3YJ

M-]1^4+60HKK
S9*A;LNL]=5-Z%9]YO



V]*=C;$DM%FKJ0L




M](&XRRDJ

M!FS'



(25EV*B&0.C0Z
ZPG3J



MG'::SY@EG^7*O&
NW\7R%]4@B8P).-];#RW;X-#PZ -7$%)4FV!Z3.#4W=:&
M ILXH%+)XA+?\X*:V.5H4LE@F)3HAFBFUSE816N15X- 
6TDR*2EDQM5^$K
M^+F9+JUT&0.];$:&@5+X91H)KN(:FF6T(**7%Z

M$F_]45K!DF44Y Q*@P%%09F=.9AO^RE0ULJ)3R^V/

M5UCC'^42+-\1):7A#=RC#$T&6:Y[?Y$WEB=1 ?+88Z$G\]CCH0+)AJHO6:H#
M#ATH!L)@^#:WC:7

M)LSC#!TA&\
O)]=+N.C8R
0

M)WV4P\?1;)]N6*]LE
4L2:U 6E\*A0W#!*/-&WFF^X*N_*]%U_U UX)+OKLQ


23;
EAG(:1<E6
MJVL;%,%!IS,2:0PE7=^-YCA&1%3\DM\S5'2J8+I5G*H7'8TRBU #J%(+C=Y





\*MNXDJQ[IQ+
MID):54+^1#8:1CZC Z%3+ZO(PPCV&T9F9& W/.U#7JB7Z *? R,-I3$NI;MP
M !/:&*9 6+'V*J9RI2C_'[E@]R+L[[=I)]+UE.LG/%#2_)+A/%&K6Y3&J\
M!&3.Q]@=PRT2A-%
U$@ ]K(QV@DML#@CF@:K+ZA2Z'PR6DDPA-% C?]M@FZ)
8-Z5M)#-J

N*
NMFC6$5:9802W!R[_:ZR0V%^ 5PXB(R02F
XR%1T




M'QG!9=!4


^Q/IA)%OHLW6D.*I.%41XV156$L
FOJ/<O\KWQW
MYU+S]%3P;Y@J#.8/$_/+OO7.QB;*+9.N=/ #Q?L)6 QD!A$8ECF
D$Q1Q7




H%\ZCN&WDR@C;[Z+].D1XL\5;%YY
M8060 BHPS





I(+0:4[2Y EPU97=.ES
M:B%PU^IE2R+4LH%Y.RDCBSJ6\C 8-]UZ

[.*M()F%:^ZR
M/ILJGWCU^73'EB[TJ4XG

DY@
MJ'X4K.)C0%HWKG2AZ
L=-_7X! 6OLV%R[%1Q$07B.!.SRKM*@8.FG&
&B29.
M.MA=MZE8]:E?NT@5V9+26N[!$


&__ITMMT)A(T$*!&NF



'OAZG;S6^=;2\-$-MD(;RZO
+0.2%L
'/L&#PS
M-BP%:K9?6T)K.1V7=(JMR2S*I

M4Z\U )P




MHJR0EC;]%


MVJDN 8$LHJI.]YEJ0QT1S?7/!_2H!5P3F?N-97]

&O8CCZ^@N2WC!-G2Y


'M[ZYG[H(;U@F8T!Q22L*@


MGU
G#3S
8G8)NWFW

06/-@[D(CI-)4MTKC?Y-L/!ZGH$LXD.T!^%%



5

M#A74P#FP
%Y!'%@N
3!PY?YMH*;TR7!CT(0N?=@YL8F&!

MQ&8.+.(;X^U9J=(I.!.T16V/L-HQNFCM71CCT2X3JV?[J-='AV[FB
;K*L
MKDZP]1BUW99\M;ZO7!(ES=BT N89#'B0@\YAA3PMQ?!RFC*-.2/&/G8NIAUP


R


MJ6LO/D#XG;0ZJJFNT^BH'-[1ZL@ WUR9FRLCTDVQ0B?GK:H_:4\#)R.PF4'V
MO+72Y_;

4^V8T\C'-:T\




M;J)]L8XJ):-'ZHU?ZAJI YJD




ML3/. 5-MJH#!U5EG ZY[Y2

3;DN67R--<JFXYBX&A]1S7.^/Z

M+(F#$4ES:[GN0IIP'4I](LUDN:5DM\.@3AL+=&QY
.!)#S3]B)()G=9;=3&4
MAI@:8MH6

M&]^OOZW*?SWRY?WW/\J\?1.&TY]^#O

%^\]4+5=TD##6;

MI1OD!-^Y.8X-C^\[^W$PQ@5D/:%7ZS/L1&ENJ$.I77DY





0;-?Z






U*G0










M-0_78:[XQ!\(IAW

*4=7\JL\$XS%5P

ISM8_H*G4M@Q/?^$4X;$SD&N-J*D)E0QAF[@TJS[_03YW'Y?N_;2=J=X!

8'ZN'E3;


M:$AF[6CX:RRD&82UD8MI^=!4 L*6+F3?#KIT.G_
1L3&-4-S!FV;!0??X
M,  P4'Z

N\'#.4WM1'Q)3--*J@#LP*6P:



48#9$1_N
XBJWOVL9/$A G'%D

V7;







AMQF#1U$P-EWNJ4$OL 
?BOQ'^\FTSBEM%)K
MP6
O.YJ$0G J343C)8R
^^B
5;55OZY8UQ/18
V;* U^29._07C^[3J2KG]Q

8NQ7E*8C%

M.IQ^#:K29T9=




[-:,GT+L$!#FRL%!F6R5&
M7M@02$





V]/P=']4N:GW YO
5ADS+Q
M\MHFK=+^7M;D!!R_&!3P%(W
A/]M!4X6KQZY27LQ U(9?





M$B(M.
QQ/_AR(C+B' ?]PZSXB&0],D7VL-@K.Y::9&*L.)SG)7\!O
KAA%


MM'+WTEX@(_DPF:AA!*B N319A..D&7$0_\L)\Q?-1&BF];?!.$QNE#-='
!G



$E@U#7ZD[F'G$SS(0V

L

M1YH:;2B

$!0'S4E@F2F[!# !N&!:D
MS?2L

MYA\%Q1#Y7;C2T#-%N;4I[22$KPSLQS%#?)5L5)U38
M 7& 3Q3P6&Y()#@


:


QO!]


$C J:&?O)M
X
MG2F%[[J-!B]R9/U'T\6HSE)8C)?4YB%1=V!MAM-IBA;8
)@H'71:$'+X.0TS













M0.AM@*K


MW(
2:3L/H$82A^A5.*


MK@F9VH_K


M4:$E[I87=FSSOK:0
94PC5

MSIU(C$
0:_YLB%MI%@%4







M:?C;OBIA;2P.*9RWNEL4730;EZ@UF-UEVX-XLQ_+D37I^3\_74I^_E]3GN


?/3#=



 :]=XO ?=_
M_73EF/6MJ@]@WN?F_)K]
4X'!^X5X;V-DJI;V;OXC##2DGK,].']NCV(_[



/?4HUIB#RH9
MD)?3.IEH+^<N#R7Q1SA8)8? D$*KIBN:95=(60YA64Q'N)DV-.0CS8USND+L
M0(ZNS[3:[,9#_J6,H47]1H9J$(?(?6Q/,.G: \B'<-<!FX&B*T&N.SE+S#K

AJ$-QE5&I6JU)C:DF 6HYL#+


E?U9C7W$836


X


M7OM&E.D^PBV
N[!*

MOD^7!P!!Y

%-P)651@7
M


39CI5W'Y&JR6JR9<Z.3Q[48*N.U+D!F\'%&2E\-5*
M&VFMT(W6G!* D%&?\EHMC#1-@T)6O7RBO













M/DZJS





!
M=E2B:]


2J9IPIKO




M'ZY;Y0V=EP+9CX

MU(Y==8[+)



^1


ME6L)VJ/4WM$'0-(A3Q1I5: 

#&?_W;D<N?4 E
ME%%$W-W$&\6_8F*.-+6'!GL '0$;(852YEU0.)-YNH&%UDUQ-!@&18= 0W

I-<
M??J)_;\/N:_.MMM#5/

 \NA
:\!(;*G;G0K][

M$1.'Q O^2*?1(+CH'%




6IZ-@+Y86=VL1
1-D)5H!
M9CD %]J'K%WB4HS@+= 0


MPS(46:$GRPSG/X 1QY%T3Q0Y))@32\-M1&H[27,H67Y@4P5UV9@P0!(-]W
MN]Z![G]5=#8#OIFFC7^D'O;M4N+5;G4D6I306:3392GJLJ_NQ8^KT_3]]HJ/

L_ZJ\RB?!@-
M='\PS.?/4+;R!_S[9


M#ZC66&05H#*FC4.LTY#4+4R 



(
IT)I5]DA%XWR
Q
M59FY3/6]PCS)@633.

MQ&PN824Q7%9

HJF=@


17$L,J-4-9MH=

MS%

$^R?--


MA7V$=6Z4MMIGH0G^J)FP0@TA32;5Z%+W4:(TAH!,.FT G;@+3K?D:4X'6B
MU#+@5WF:2
B+^4*T#WAZ
MTW)J4^ROP!*^$<^'_4.K'(R5N'UZ.@2KK/)\1E89KT*-#C9WH$(.FVR6V;^
M=JOY&

3L


M!TUL%-D  !Z\9F(^8AD?YC[3SUYZN8O' 65NYJ$0TQCIQQ@8X,:UJ)=3&XW
M2U.]EV&1;Z8O &D3O3E+=$?64P\&AW2'HB!JC2T+(RS1E4I*+!4$W9W45Y.
MT7U(#PW#+/QC:6)I[T+9UP0,W[

Q4ILQXH/.L9+^_
MPQ^==JC6+[LQTT3=@PKQT A-RGW(9!-D[(43:(XS$1\F[VT O/L;8J6BK;N

:%LWZ8)&@K9L89.PJ^EF$&6P8R)%-2 94R

MY3#Z4Q-3X+O

T^WSB]=GX@ 24RKP9@QJJM


MSCJA
5/8L\SQ;NI^C2XLU



M'^M' .D1#XG_*M/C%@#EN3?J4T7\5(^YC@IAE*&!JGYC;H[8^'S:8^AZ22P_


M 







N5&2@FY

0QYM.@KG


MHZ6 
DHC
M^ : 5TUEVU5<EUR:B][I[!BWP^QB^^?4P4%X; '%VW#)N^TI.LR]DX%5C$.


]$L( G6//67%($\3

MDQ^VN5KGSQ7EPS]F/V0D0D%Q(41SL(_B1[0QN '\AK1R?I&[_ZVB&F_;GK

M[E28J@GI-2&])J1WOZ


M'&*
!=')\!\X@[@L6M3'((Y7MP?2

S-C@0)]RA


^YDSA5J5[*#=ML(;P_FY

M?85]$UR?2C#\0FHXKAO%2B-'512QLG.LGQ=3?2*6^+K7NMBX6'$7X-- N!$Z


MIO#DM2-RU@)D%?J?S5C' RUH8(%/N(HEDL92&B_O\397BB^WJ?96R[8E3&
M^E?\DMVYI

[)I3*N\QA%F


O




2




M9M_)H5:)RO$R1&'H(.1I+Z12(6RY


MT'_)


5H+ 4MW2

/:%D9TS%H.JI63_P)
MJ4A#_1I2H\_0$(RP;A8G+#.N(L*H/
I(P0&RT&CJZ$'Z[;A/#7 -&'UW-(9;
M; ?:6*X0.H6*9^Z$5G
X'HM




M#]1-X

M!K1^'#E[BJZ/DJL6M:C3K1A: ?EC;LHXQ!VT9;J](WGW63^\-X?]2)B4#Q2Y
MQA*R-+\


V!XYZ935= /@
.
M(IWQ&] U









MNO&4R1@:7M-]#M8=!Q--7_CG^)UO F&A[ P$$PT!2(&+0US/'P89M13?KV


MK'$M2\$M/'
CL ?K@%PV(F#?=S77%;D8!OQDPT\B=?&_6=&%:X


P



GL6B-


3IT-=#\CFB9KTH'6?N\\Z%Y^S



S_$9PT7
1Q5=![_EU]+V/QH9JM*
MS6*ON%D OD.GQI&:S.J+N!2P2@Z[K5/7NOM5L)/C\%WME;P(1I'_6
F$E-
MTJSH:9P2;MEWD0&Y$(5&N=4L7'^8J-1U[%7SCG:1MIV@A:L5\DAQ5ABM:.)4

M=:JJ%^Y[C4JU\.V

%BS18)@C#34)VF#@

:8VEN
D&UDT'ENM%L
.1O[

PM'/_1-KAG[75^PU*?M_273




=

M8'LOOG,T[QBSG9CX:J.;H[(BNE3)Y$:JD(47UVO^!6(Z=7B*0CP_;_4@
3



M&@7]4HL7
O;3A&N(X3'*NB$N)-$IFSRF:TJ8:Q$OPN]&&%_7S&EELQ_QNTBT
MW;%/' ^$DSK#/S=68)2@LU R]2A#*.=T-^T='L&%#V_8Z5:SDP^)K(AW1(#Q

,L3M; DSZLXKWT@'P*DH?WUQ]Z.5

M
KUY=5G&L- =&R@_8)4&8KH[Y.9Q
KHBS5UH





$0T
MT=Z:O!R-L(92G#NZ')O[N7-)$





.@G^+-8+J5?0Y=]I@N*\E*AGQ-*K'YK?7Q4Z6Y


_C_DLMLA7^=  LSN;_VLY
*;ZH1

M&\^K._=T?9
:5]FUK
?5'ZT PW\MV03KC 8+=3&7='YR7Z.^21X&H27C)#ZZ
M0 K07JP;9P6$B6+:0VYML!K86M\06


.W#S
M+
@#

M7VK-J5L
V-P6PQ.

M;4[EO9*L1ZU
EC(J3#B5B?O

M01@HQLAAJ#*35 H\] 9_.4M F :AP/FLJ#/IP883EQ[9%/GWYS[!$*A=TI










%T./RU.(5-90\%Y)N R@3]XZ/U
M;')
R3/$5^O


M)W#
VD 
G..'QCH*?U2 4UV[%9!I&
M5#1H*]U


U1QAK$!*=?4L<TG?1=







-'D

MR=(WYA32Z%H*5IA134$]2//Z?#!6PY*M'FKJ'*):B[VV=0K#2J%H+6-@=.AR
MQSW5=AE9LQ.$UVN$YP1\L
3Z@;2N/]+?TT1W&\C?I]GE .$/1_H%NS9\S'0#
M@IWM

(65\*<9'NT\S



/)O4


*1Y%D?82T:_
M5CH.CKPW Q^.%

M'F9@OY'QX6'N!ZQH&^-P2)XZ:18O%LT\IT+[EIQ1^+-

EN56C&2$;



566




.^ =W.+85<+








M)


@BS;-;N
MAX


L1;0S6#!BXG#.RF9DN 





M97$O75!>*:
]MEF07RCB9LX=L*60I*3.
MXFK2K\LFZM4GC]%^65MV/.DZMA.:#K

M

M!C


MJ6SN]I@BYB&6YAA!



XE1
MG4H!$YWWNGQYP#AY8P1 .FJ(J4*-SSB?D':4OBZF/!)@B8Z%B4F9D\9.9%
MY&
C?)\Z@]

MLQUD^\#3P
BE\%)_\:H$T')WV5









-E,#4ZPW/)&H'QKH;$'SXZP3W&@-[
MN;G^K?\U5R4K1


M50)C'(




\4L[_3#FL$DIL@[7^


O


M@R7D+JLN%7DAQY?Q/)+P@MK Y3:/1JD^WZ/^Y=CK&Q
441?D?SVFJS#SLEE:
MAL#LF*8S*KJ6KO[UZ!B6D#=L+I[E

MYZE!VUO7


7FYY=U2#1('KS@L,H%H?4/
MWK@!)/P.#;Z4

.7!V-(R77 Y(D!\JN%(+)*ZF#-!P(]X

MGD*I/)&!*SE%1#=2]E^)\\%1H#
3&7.&
?&E_B#JBF$LOOXK#A'+4+K6A C.6#:3GFM:GU1O3O

IMI4435.QHP*-:
MG5RWX,+9:..&&W!9

M


STTF_)!]%6/
]%MO2+U


M-//3V3Z(H0 /


R69A.;
/=RK'$YBN=_-?A

MX)[(_Q9UY


MLR5&29*G^FIB1E.


MD3J]P)C(9?81IXFG[%@XK?/OFZCCU36.QD?I$8
!2X2Z0R-(MFY(ES.5[
6I




MF_?
&


M8XZ
+9N3T2F9T&B]E1=#L9?)7J:J+M.5[T;D@LCKH*_*U;&?(Y-QN[P)]T#C






K+D[K H2EHUO)_]A&:T(1M$
MG8'%20':
N_5DNLL]<1#&0NS%-1O[X
M\:J6])[B'M?

K\

MT;\@P$LE&/U@9)1=B'J-T9?@*SCP(9/C@QM[\3?8=@VG5=_FA07S
O/)UYV*



R53\SK4G:*9OF(PE6:
TD^8?H00)+5]L%7C\






\!LPN=HXCQT_R'C=Y- _GC



M6Z%C5]B5%?9-Z'R+W!^9!%._.+YAT




-\<\(V6'?+UIJPMF]Y7LQ0P

MG.^
_6GJ%/ @/G=JP%_]9*H40IGXN4/+FKH'UTR^N]$HSNR%KRU5C]PQ@W-?





M6'3E#K&-A

,FSL4OSH1%CAL$T['XV C;!/]\(@&Q!KKG36<:A




K?@R+%P]J6E;^&

!)R_<9*=XM*\7[TZ<I






MEDY=+VKU7?B;A(BU. MCOF
6.?V2

42






MUX392EWD]=Q9?1?;*LPJOH9U


MQ7C*^NC4TF.MZ%$G.VR0







MZ.':.WBXR[VFRU9SOX_7VN_CM0L?K\?_.]^UXQ565=KUPMXZ]-WMGNCBI'TA



MZ]N'NVOK!B





MWT







M[2_SBD-524

M

0/_;X

M@%:\\N#GO5&?.,$ A WAY)[(9F#X(E8^T+:3,@G ,QG0OTV=1LQ^WCD V;S
M+4P.P*JR5P%!N]HZ[7 ?U



5/6O;_RA '5_0L5FS!@
M-+G2F$'589




YE [5E1[(PDJU.D5@V
AQ5T5






6D06+9L6.91U2XMV:YFTF&K_

M#X0%][@;CD+*Y/Y.C2Q1@_T(23
LMW))-)#-3&IDCV!UD%J4R#B[RPL-3K*
M:Y4TPVJLLVB V)B2J1S/&6#J VQ%9THS:??
E8K-Q4QURJ!ZMI9M?;4Q#8Q
MW;)/+?30C+\C^

04F^\Y![.Y7\]EF!M6




62E6. 




MRN6/8^SZQU$N@!R#5D#B_.CX^.A
]2YL
8FO4\K7H(J=8M4NY6M0O1.LH@:
MQG OS]@VBOH=/(


-JE(99LHM


KL^R
M/R^?JV%+(!CG#LF^S[5=XD_D%^;0A?Z3X#0=;90B!M2FDV;T:[S\X_\ 4$L#
M!!0    ( (..B$BRH0


-1W-6
ET':%NJO]K)96WW4



M!2I)DM&%U5([LO!J?!MQ[V'* U^&RR$94X]&8$LKI7?GTQ


N8XGE\+H
*FUSS0%)(

3#M2R&I[*J.IH($D=EDY$0V:V/'T\J3R*P


<M_LA^3C/X_4!IS


MSG D/
?\!1!3X'0E).FZ?2D;KKGZ@N)[&M!(3@F-H:BL
MK0/Q-)F=RR)(?B+FQ_:*?]W*:LY:*RMK]%V3]33J G&FSK-N0Z<7J Q]N#2


'WOFY/E4!


'-P1SG&8
M2OI'S*^35
V2MK






NZ(-V4\X)/792FD(E/%(-<*V%YW@A)D

@K:7G
@;T@'/
K?-F)P1DPM9$P2
M9[JQ






M&^#-Q-9TE7-4WTZQ(

=;L=\5


X1XB<KR$% O

:JSBE.



M19=K(BCW\Q

MTWYHZ 4\G LB_TC+Q\?_I#7L?IM%O8/5
U ^Y:$DRN(M)&MU:*T/K17N'%GI






M_.1_4$L#!!0    ( (..B$BO5@JC!AX  #CN 0 5    ='%L82TR
#$U
#
S
M


MC.ZL[
MYD4!DY#

46Z2

-5YP
M$#J^]WG/_-#;


^BV_QQ*#_)95K^=596AG9R=P(EJQ9@<TT0'1=#[#7C3T[ LO<J(W




20#\@

'3 Y<CY3$TPWQFQ^)5S6<!CCNE7D@1?+6WGXL8CSM@6D=



:G
]JV#;861I95X@6]R29EJ;-\CSD#;5SEBW
M+UAQ1/



MV
Z04X


6GZ58A+ZO3,,C I[VTX%8# V?+%*]2 6\

I/ GW'+


M




M*$ )%+#F. UK==0\RA911I-+_!#
4?#6/R4V#BNL*
/&])9P TZ@AC7'::I!



MM3^HL7TFQK9+RQPG4

6HE-\B#6WSZ+1;=14K'VV&)TJ@SKHU=@^$V/;I66.

M40(%;$*Q46XP;(NU^86BK6
YM4[*L-[LE'#
M!2UV75DV
5#2EG=]




M


%B[[%0D[P
MG




?!-



?-WQBL2*(5F8D$U:)C6_'B[YCH/X8%&S(QRMT5$*4!F
)F^09V1J?8%RHS8*B K0JGTULSD)
M^U4D[M:!6U8PK[^Z9EL =5)$PSC<MZE0Y+F*<%=J1J)3S'@?-9@0O^3D%

5+1?%.F7+XJLG5BILBC2WRV*[!9%MG919-DQ?'F[
MCD^PLP

[&V2UD;?]UD.T].1XBUCK:?4.[<'L=)ML%)&*+99 .50M

J6V#B5'N?![KNGHM?





M7C^8[.:-.XKP&O^
_\2

M^2Z
3-HKQL



GIU.:M)A[4P7',8,:+;'8!+0V_+9+H6]2E2
%2
M5!W]*-V@PHIXE&;05PT!W* V:D



3GJMHBR!O:?3O1XB]TXVD+?);SW+]A/I$.L

14JQLM-O@I4ICG;=[-5@/=+ZVZNS1P9
1Z? 0]4%&DXECX8#[

8E3YR_Y780AONLBX$&O=6H26K&


PJ^G59

MW/HK)\XG#$H?M2#'IMY]%V)3PGUBTG$MH$/##77O#(6?JSD=K:;?[=K6B]






S+4
M@KUELSSQV%1U<;T:H0JT0:'JWBRV D(F[) E'IOO*O!0I T*U6SLP90)/F2)
MQ^:[C\4:8--1N!,&5$%GBL?FN9KA%VJ!0S4YRS2/VNRI ZG'_7<VB5GC#
MJS'-:B43-
H2C_OORT

1-BA4LVL<?9DH4I9X/'A7_GF1-B34H%GWO\31<H2CP?O
M:J&C2!L4JMF5CKY
%*F_.!3\K@+H1=J@4
T&T/LR4:0L\7CPKMSS(FU0J&;=
M\[Y



M1V&$/-OQIA(*Y7)U4*8U]*74:_[E@*),=S%EYV0KV;OBI(8PZN6]I*:%:!
MG!KK(


M/X16X


8F^

73X;Q997W?T+\:U
T5K#:*+RVCG5*\YR@]J;) )%W.ND+\RE?1M60
MLM,!^2OP 256&SPJ

5TP2P=T8T
'




MKBVY
\!U_9_T.HI5


2)M%*4_OJ3!W[ZIE?7KZ?=Q\O!F

US;W SKJ0C:N77Z\A


!0V*ZLQ\N&W9!Z\SAIECW[9^@=T]'R

/4_9

MIM
S'!U_67SS;PMT@R;HUUSFO_[Z9FN@3_


M@\
L+?_&OKX9%2,OG\J_OS; B\W29 %.+T,(C()(-/)N\2+4F])1__)2YV
M2FJB:(


MK]=QM





M

-(CPP@P
M&49F9!A9)L-8FPQCUV08ZY%A#)@
8S



M(]9+K@*&8WHX.W%@A1:XVPZ=8IR]*N(TI!IV0PB5T)O!A$)Q..128NP&&-8T
M$%6Q$.PA[ -GXAFY6L?:W%P7?C5+5RDXYX\)2J%K.@/FFL@ '6^B++W%2QP\


X$Y=KW
M;$,5D0'P G-LML <VUY@:E]H&+N^T=&*B(#X#L-8[-+#6/+MQK&VM<:QJ[O

4PQ=


M'GI6@R6)





MTZY[S]1+OZ+8QG:S?RW;N :W8RW?JN:TZ]XOQ5X%T3(.(_))?IHQD9U-A8

)H;;2@G6
M%73.&AUTG#1@75D[5Z:U+SZ-7%]\:D

M4QNJB R@UN92;$HR6'[49:3]JLO(];
N;:@B

MC[NTH8K( &JU*
6F)

M;6H4

'ZC)[FB%\CJ/

&M


M\(
73J.
S& X(P)7P@9%)- H

M&8]9)'$


M1?

M\QZJ@2H55.@ \U



M?.:4V

M$1%WP8[2C]&S/DZQFC_;X@(/5$F!^F\@6IX#2#A84!F7K7R#DR F8YU_X66R
MYF[)V6YW+LPV 1IH)C 0R:D1Y


0;KTPO_$7B)V!F)16PQ0@2W)()(#
MP0L%N


0)[S(

O0?2PR+QL(R:*2-SR&E8*

MM!R.1 


M!


(Y+

WY9$013?IZ*5;(1

HX4 1P?=
M$%N8N


^/PX#+TD14_DKVRQ\1U$WN9I
M!?5DDFKRKI*[G@J*H8GVT-H+P4P%3RL4@



T+#2T#]U^QM%&
M& ZY_=GN46D35/- -/\-#%:@#H!:Y




BQ!=8&TR?+J=+Q;H
*%''\%@D]FOW@.4

NXRAN%J.@M6(5KZ%G-TV59C&:
M.:H42F#&.%VDG57^W4_36_3M[/I\_GGZ7;G4A\&\XA%G6J 
DPK+Y-
IL;A-

M9.@DJ1I!










MC@Y0+D
J*7@L:4.3

TTMPMEOA

&Z8F3S\/M%KI.C3
]SL!)&:N(XSG-YXK_2(






#]8NQ[YZ!83QX/W[;AWT/[V16(/3(Y1%UN\)0E
'T@-4
M^/LR__U[ ?





JVJ3'#Y[W




MZK=3J_5

MMI!EANO5O!DL.)S%1CC]+S




M?$XZ&AEPHX?)D@R[9)S'*@KV
623F/T+VAK=#:V (7%OZ&UJSV^FMY.[V?4G


FB@[X#I



BBLXR0+
M_N71S8KYBFY*7 3I
\TM3A)4TS6-72\#K<^%
BV0K?(DR6;





MN)@NN&;\R_9W

:](PQ!72 


CT7#?$+&;@:0+KI
]

M)F@[7HU(5L'$-;H&1;0[D
N-TQ?JLC=!^ICG]Z$G;I
U#846U(E


JDZZ

MG:P[%G=:R!=A]+3BRA@9M&](%2PU4J9)%*QFTE$;Z30$4J#8:02HNV'XUR

6EI.&&#J7$EUQ*/?G]:'NE2W#C)MEZKQ\EJF8
MDHF$;8YU<L#U48POZ=S%:,%K,X<*HZTTN.E7LSJF950VAV1I/
A@2A0*JF\


MBDTC'6





@G(9K:]F[9CH!#5
M686&CG-&0)M\^@JB)9Q&-$Q\'=4FD&5'?N



$$D;C=)@AQT
S0)QXG85
MFF (: 2WS4:F3-QZP&^



=86?<7A:(:O!N2#3I&<RO7G&
MYU5.GTOL900A/3/ZQ4L2+\IJAH=;9]?L];G]E]E5??;WZ=@]
2]EZ]S6$X_
MB$YK UB] QZC[6=KF:S0JO@PFZ!]S3\-[WEFP9



5?75K4V
M\38L3#6+UM1S[NYZ@)5=MP$S
:67WO4\$U?2=C(+#7_$$7/.'C6V3C*4(&6C

M )!K_5K!!KK:T.9:QL@/\D8_F2!N
%F3Q ]1H!_\HJ%G=]&K68SF2E:A!
9/
MZB+M3M:8'JHI[FD9L'@

M)4B=4?L

%0_&_CY3MT];9&X

%K_'7VG73)([(OR[SM[9,J&ENQNJ+VCT+V7A8V]&




M;M(L7N
$%K?IL)

M:]DC%)$&(3-E


MB7:V9?V@(JT.*FC4(AF'R
?W=6^=&SB1JCW2)[B?-['SCAR]F[$2&!N;W^


B
M;Q^(G?0[.N,)B36<HF\3[(7!O[#_9A.5__H=G1^%&Y^LX8*HM::C\_K\$AN9
M(L6$91Z@\Z(J0($F[,H?4C9?)%NI#YZV;D7+C?TR(O4%]ML9<+EM95.W$+^





M'$I-Y!.;]5?0

KBX&
M_G;'OR#/EDTPR




M-MND2J HIX.T$\-1;707\[@\M?BRMMJ%0T/NXB=?SB?!$M^14C_@1*]32@V





<+UA61%7]1.653+FBZ*AC(R834@K4?A&F%I!OK.6;L#:
[:





MS&0F71U%Y[-II3_=_0-NAMZA*H8_LNYJW;G7VEN1Y*%X68QJ]E.:UAM-:!YO


+^4X@B\PT.HK6
N*(;08%%'!0PP)$

7RQ0(E^-;] J$\&
)I@%2_J Z#7)W7



/':_BA(84 -GW[927[@WFW2X


MK:I84LJ*E.$Z707B[I7XSO!?I68 2]WI:D6&#/8)!TR2-GI!4VR72E)67/


MNDLO2-A5C/F*X+\
(C*L!%[8.0+Y3$:A#1F]YC28C$R_2*'.O#10DFY@^[!(

.+
^Z8/?X0Q=;9)Z:A ZN1

RMFGIAZL



J-S[W9W:X?2
M^OI%
20$



MOF'F0 G *\/.+*B





M-#%9:0'=NGYNMENZ6?2
HRQ. O[24*H NMEX.#7;JZ8*IIV*^+K:-IEV9VOI


=5IMSW.(J2+&OH/^CYT+
7
%8W K5%YO[%/]S0_!.G]E4C '3:& M14!M:X:W

D4
^V9*=&/#2;X*8=[__3Z8:?]^N$6OGY
MHU'*X^5)529 G#-X@!?X/#EGV53/RN4BW*B7X*-;]UA+:/BG$XR*=@\6H0

!^$*RX  'L;
M P 5    ='%L82TR
#$U
#
S



MXN+-*(H=ZCD!H^27-Y2]^;?_^T__:\3_^_E_'QR

M5\Z2_#3Z2B@)G9B%_SKZNQ

UG1M(6
MXE\'ZV8'XD<'X\G!T?CM<^2]62L_U6#( G)#YB/Q?SYBME]=KA.'OW0C\5H


M(7WCET=N0I$O+.#-Z%U+;H^=0&CX]H&0.-*Q5]NX1WZNG9 KXX'$ONL$1LS5




X3N:MR]][O$'E&OB^S5WAA^X5S5=

^'?/'L2%J&?


M2
C2T4D+_[&@=9C]-QX=C-:]\G]UJ#?*2(SR-%82K&4(F%M@.Q!'42S4:5+\


)CLX#9U&O_E(3H-K?8U)[K90VU'V2

EN;^']G03!WRC[06^)$S%*O(LH2DBH

MT7D+4M85'JIDAY 4#[C T6M WO8I&/DA$^FQ8J-PZEAD DON!#HE9BB\;!






ZFE'*;LQ8Q[IVE+!+#I\+(8B3=?




K$GMI846]1%&-D0+8S]$W[UH$UVMK5=8
BW%OXI;OM
MG5PK.(PQMR1?

Q?TQ'GTXVU%[)IC'%D'*#*]A6
D='(C@.@&U%+A1+OS FI3Q?1


[O5/4WB!Q;Z_]A.R#H0J_UL



M054S;K6M[9B#&2IR:7&@49(&/)'9#R0TM@Z)20SR2/-KR*+H.F1S529!H9'M
M^('9NE






5D21Y.E+
M)(??^0=UMUK)8



T


M$=56E@RF#4Y;'S#*N&QXDTIT05?YO2T-N)8@%%?+T:/V.D
'9C=VJR0
!==R









:;\



X
\Y
M6MR(*OFOH-'DH=PSZ@W[L6
F0C=E%C?,WG<_83BQ[]T(^CMWR:R/C9*.:S<4=J/. _=CJPX\%D</LOX^C

M[Z

@F


P8
/%P;F' _Y?N )\[L

GWI._=^D HJ
M1QE
 )QJ




 ?T#/7
M7./1$C



4C5Y 1K



B)3\

RS]7V[G4FXG5.B[/YEDGV-[*UJ_X'9&W:+2M)-@.@#L^
MZHX#Y3E]U^R?*.ZT[%5FCKZ@@71A'.;+)=.^#*;W_H+ZL]]UZ'Q*L69SYK7


W&4B(:VWVB]EJTV[C-9].KP?
MGN=%86.B;7W3+B^KY[^P 5!E#66VZCK9&NQRE17'.$2&EC'R^DQU6\._-ODG

J
UF]K1^(4FJ7.
M(:'2C=)X4C6E#84T2E.D87
L2B4SL3)#


WK ?4RZ6U6W]/JK8=ZYHQLU(B(
M90.%XEBY!V&L)T0&F:\_?$KFONO'];;XOA)XS/7\RVC=U^(A7%H]66]TY7:V

MZFWJ0]FF5B3$^O9]M8RVE+I,#9781'D;(JNH)Y=AA$5']0%$V%=;884#7#(
M1QA-=/)*XHQI/)7&JZ-UX?]R.?SXQH^^UYO7QYIH2HYM@M
:8Q2(A9]+?YY

N8+4@6MEND_N(_)EP







U=/3.SP;


MW


95)[W-)P D
MSH$L2PBVTH-[6W_JP6S=-M0*#ML3^=)@LZMM;/W!!6.+4\B
!92UGP=WAU1]
MK+]KT  BG09P(*7(83:(!L-I6'_!H$%PV%1#PW_SYH;OX&AQ+-Q^H;'0T
MNEI_\:!ZPK41T_!C-L'__$QJ_SRJT.](+W/&D'VFJ([N+?UIPS,_!5#K:9

&3[T+#A9U_Q?IK!F;&VY.6<1CYIL*D04!
MUL/ZHP8- @)JZ7%@=.:$E
D$<6
M;O.6=%,HH)_UPO]FDR)8$SA,J)P#:G@R#NQNO5R_L3D9Z67XN\4K\B.GHI!1
M_E<W*P%G.+
*5DOWF\\.)IJ:W#YU'?%!QP+V=25$EPFV=09X7TN=3=SN/M


M3#
'+NAC$HLP+76YX YP4NK\0X/+@.])U8A\EGRY-X5G

EPH)=O5
M!)H5GVJJ
43+I**LA\IB:^H[JHI[H+#:UU;E8SWZ(O%0=$[[?#1RGH]?Q)_G



\3*L

M



M:;J:Q

H2OMYAA7_ =
M881O6[PQYR#*@9


M_1\J[2

M*=@^2@#C;JH4'

M@7?V@O(%=4

<1




MGO;U?.'C@O U;^PHU5K3SKK7W$*]4K%[5_
]4
WWAFKN+ZFB$S7?[U;-ZNA?
MM1E0R1]1*WDWD4 ^




MU.-#55RJ(Q1^B?1+-4-K0W'D4&]4H(DL2TLEO4'REB$9#!E%@\SI:@37/M4+

 )1ULGVVW2& :KW@ #!]SSM=)G2H55O:



EOM^9$C]H


UM1N(3&) $],8
MT-$K<[K+VMH-1;1A8EI=.'HE3G=96WM!B*3Z

8WN&:?_N
MN)DT+7'G
S
RU/-/YQG
ONL.@RD H1$9Q[1;87*6Q%'L4
^GP-PKULNX+-
;I@+E*A)O+_Y$S[0N:<Y?EUF-&Q?KE5J@U-5$.#EBO0^82XD7G7/9U%&H6
M9O)DL2F5_ZGO:_T+-P'A2H!W#- Y2SQ_2-A*^\91Q=4.YN^<S[G?B+!^Z!
M3;FS[S(V3


@6V*KU@\2:'/C+W7K]-%@11?[-Z*-)F*5W(U7\<<4


MX#A
:


MG!LJ5DE%?';53]
-0T!P6


M@2

*S:$59)%+


M
VJV;;/)9JJ-WG#



4     #CHA(


4     #CHA(LJ$##TX

&
M'@  ..X! !4              ( !-R4! '1Q;&$M
C Q-3 S
S%?9&5F+GAM



