

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-13-008687
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130427
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130711
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130711
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL BEVERAGE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000069891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				592605822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14170
		FILM NUMBER:		13963588
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 SW 10TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4000
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9545810922
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 SW 10TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4000
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324













Washington
 D.C. 20549




For the fiscal year ended April 27
 2013






















8100 SW Tenth Street
 Suite 4000
 Fort Lauderdale
 Florida 33324


Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code: (954) 581-0922













 par value $.01 per share





Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ( ) 





Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. Yes (&#10003;

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. (&#10003;

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer ( ) Accelerated filer (&#10003;



The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of Registrant computed by reference to the closing sale price of $14.95 on October 26
 2012 was approximately $169.5 million.

The number of shares of Registrant&#8217;s common stock outstanding as of July 2
 2013 was 46
329
015.





















































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance




















Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence






















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules






























National Beverage Corp. is an acknowledged leader in the development
 manufacturing
 marketing and sale of a diverse portfolio of flavored beverage products. Our primary market focus is the United States
 but our products are also distributed in Canada
 Mexico
 the Caribbean
 Latin America
 the Pacific Rim
 Asia
 Europe and the Middle East. A holding company for various operating subsidiaries
 National Beverage Corp. was incorporated in Delaware in 1985 and began trading as a public company on the NASDAQ Stock Market in 1991. In this report
 the terms &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Company&#8221; and &#8220;National Beverage&#8221; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries unless indicated otherwise. 

Our brands consist of (i) carbonated soft drinks in a variety of flavors as well as regular
 diet and reduced-calorie options
 and (ii) beverages geared toward the active and health-conscious consumer (&#8220;Power+ Brands&#8221;)
 including energy drinks and shots
 juices
 sparkling waters and enhanced beverages. In addition
 we produce soft drinks for certain retailers (&#8220;Allied Brands&#8221;) that endorse the concept (&#8220;Strategic Alliance&#8221;) of having our brands and the Allied Brands marketed to produce the effect of enhanced growth of both. We employ a philosophy that emphasizes vertical integration; our vertically-integrated manufacturing model unites the procurement of raw materials and production of concentrates with the manufacture of finished products in our twelve manufacturing facilities.&nbsp;To service a diverse customer base that includes numerous national retailers as well as hundreds of smaller &#8220;up-and-down-the-street&#8221; accounts
 we have developed a hybrid distribution system that promotes and utilizes customers&#8217; warehouse distribution facilities and our own direct-store delivery fleet plus the direct-store delivery systems of independent distributors and wholesalers. 



&#8211; Throughout our product lines
 we emphasize distinctly flavored beverages. Although cola drinks account for approximately 50% of the soft drink industry&#8217;s domestic grocery channel volume
 colas account for less than 20% of our total volume. In the higher margin convenience store channel
 flavors now represent 56% of soft drink sales and are outpacing colas. Our flavor development spans more than 100 years and originated with our flagship brands
 Shasta
 each of which offers more than 50 flavor varieties. 







 &#8211; This is our term for the philosophy we employ for the development and support of our brands that have significant regional presence. Because we tailor our marketing and promotion programs by locale
 we believe many of our brands enjoy a regional identification that fosters long-term consumer loyalty and make them less vulnerable to competitive substitution. In addition
 &#8220;home-town&#8221; products often generate more aggressive retailer sponsored promotional activities and receive media exposure through community activities rather than costly national advertising. 

We believe that consumers demand value as the purchase default option in volatile economic times
 and we are intent on producing and developing products of the highest quality that appeal to the value expectations of the family consumer. We believe we can leverage our cost-effective manufacturing and distribution systems
 and our efficient regionally focused marketing programs
 to profitably deliver products to the consumer at a lower price-point than our national competitors. 

 &#8211; In a beverage industry that is dominated by the &#8220;cola giants&#8221;
 we pride ourselves on our ability to respond faster and more creatively to consumer trends than many of our competitors which are burdened by distribution complexity and legacy costs. We strive to build long-term brand value by developing creative marketing programs
 propriety flavors and distinctive packaging. During the past two years
 we have introduced&nbsp;numerous new flavors or package sizes and have won many package design awards. We continue to develop products and package sizes designed to expand distribution in the higher-margin convenience store channel. We believe that the most dynamic validation of our strategy is our competitors&#8217; efforts to replicate our creative business model.

In recent years
 we have honed our focus on developing healthier and functional beverages in response to a global shift in consumer buying habits. As health and wellness awareness grows
 consumers are turning to drinks with reduced calories
 wholesome ingredients and efficacy to meet their specific lifestyle needs. We are committed to tailoring the variety and types of beverages in our portfolio to satisfy changing preferences of an increasingly diverse mix of consumers.














Established more than 120 years ago and distributed nationally
 Shasta is recognized to be a bottling industry pioneer and innovator. As our largest volume brand
 Shasta features multiple flavors
 including products targeted to the growing Hispanic and other ethnic markets
 and continues to earn consumer loyalty by delivering value
 convenience and unique tastes such as California Dreamin&#8217;
 Very Cherry Twist and Fiesta Punch. More than 100 years old
 Faygo products are primarily distributed east of the Mississippi River and include numerous unique flavors including RedPop
 soft drinks and seltzers
 primarily in the southeastern U.S.
 in New Orleans and surrounding areas
 and offer St. Nick&#8217;s



With all natural ingredients
 has been outpacing the growing sparkling water segment that is fast becoming the alternative to the more typical carbonated soft drink. Containing no calories
 sodium or caffeine
 LaCroix has the support of major national chains and is the top- selling canned sparkling water in the U.S. as well as the number one domestically-produced sparkling water.&nbsp;New themes of LaCroix with new packages and ingredient concepts are being designed and tested to be sold in new areas for the retailer not presently utilized for soft drinks.&nbsp;Other products we deliver the health-conscious consumer include Clear Fruit
 a clean
 crisp
 all natural non-carbonated beverage; and Crystal Bay
 a zero-calorie combination of sparkling water and lively fruit flavors.

 energy fuel is available nationally in 19 flavors including five sugar-free and three non-carbonated varieties
 and is a dominant player in the dollar-store channel. Building on the success of Rip It
 we offer two-ounce Rip It Shots in six flavors
 including Tribute &#8211; a new blend of active mandarin and live wild lime. For consumers seeking vitamin-enhanced hydration
 we offer Mega Sport








100% fresh juice and juice-added products and non-carbonated fruit drinks&nbsp;are available in over 30 flavors including Blueberry Pomegranate
 Kiwi Strawberry and Pineapple Mango. Originating in the Midwest over 50 years ago
 line of fruit drinks
 lemonades and teas quenches thirst without carbonation. We have been successfully expanding to new geographic areas through both independent and Company-owned distribution facilities.



Our twelve manufacturing facilities are strategically located near major metropolitan markets across the continental United States. The locations of our plants enable us to efficiently manufacture and distribute beverages to substantially all geographic markets in the United States
 including 22 of the top 25 metropolitan statistical areas. Each manufacturing facility is generally equipped to produce both canned and bottled beverage products in a variety of package sizes. We utilize numerous package types and sizes
 including cans ranging from eight to sixteen ounces and bottles ranging from seven ounces to three liters. 

We believe that the innovative and controlled vertical integration of our bottling facilities provides an advantage over certain of our competitors that rely upon independent third party bottlers to manufacture and market their products. Since we control the national production
 distribution and marketing of our brands
 we believe we can more effectively manage product quality and customer service and respond quickly to changing market conditions. 

We produce a substantial portion of the flavor concentrates used in our branded products. By controlling our own formulas throughout our bottling network
 we can manufacture our products in accordance with uniform quality standards while tailoring flavors to regional taste preferences. We believe that the combination of a Company-owned bottling network
 together with uniform standards for packaging
 formulations and customer service
 provides us with a strategic advantage in servicing national retailers and mass-merchandisers. We also maintain research and development laboratories at multiple locations. These laboratories continually test products for compliance with our strict quality control standards as well as conduct research for new products and flavors.



We utilize a hybrid distribution system to deliver our products through three primary distribution channels: take-home
 convenience and food-service. 

The take-home distribution channel consists of national and regional grocery stores
 warehouse clubs
 mass-merchandisers
 wholesalers and dollar stores. We distribute our products to this channel through the warehouse distribution system and the direct-store delivery system. Under the warehouse distribution system
 products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities to the retailer&#8217;s centralized distribution centers and then distributed by the retailer to each of its outlet locations with other goods. Products sold through the direct-store delivery system are distributed directly to the customer&#8217;s retail outlets by our direct-store delivery fleet and by independent distributors.







We distribute our products to the convenience channel through our own direct-store delivery fleet and those of independent distributors. The convenience channel consists of convenience stores
 gas stations and other smaller &#8220;up-and-down-the-street&#8221; accounts. Because of the higher retail prices and margins that typically prevail
 we have undertaken several measures to expand convenience channel distribution. These include development of products
 packaging and graphics specifically targeted to this market.

Our food-service division distributes products to independent
 specialized distributors who sell to hospitals
 schools
 military bases
 airlines
 hotels and food-service wholesalers. Also
 our Company-owned direct-store delivery fleet distributes products to certain schools and other food-service customers. 

Our take-home
 convenience and food-service operations use vending machines and glass-door coolers as marketing and promotional tools for our brands. We provide vending machines and coolers on a placement or purchase basis to our customers. We believe vending and cooler equipment increases beverage sales
 enhances brand awareness and develops brand loyalty.



We sell and market our products through an internal sales force as well as&nbsp;specialized broker networks. Our sales force is organized to serve a specific market
 focusing on one or more geographic territories
 distribution channels or product lines. We believe this focus allows our sales group to provide high level
 responsive service and support to our customers and markets.

The emphasis of our sales and marketing programs is to maintain and enhance consumer brand recognition and loyalty
 typically through a combination of regional advertising
 special event marketing
 endorsements
 sponsorships and social media
 along with consumer coupon distribution and product sampling. We retain advertising agencies to assist with media advertising programs for our brands. Additionally
 we offer numerous promotional programs to retail customers
 including cooperative advertising support
 in-store advertising materials and other incentives. These elements allow us to tailor our marketing and advertising programs to meet local and regional economic conditions and demographics. Additionally
 we sponsor special holiday promotions which feature St. Nick&#8217;s soft drink and special holiday flavors and packaging.



Our centralized procurement group maintains relationships with numerous suppliers of raw materials and packaging goods. By consolidating the purchasing function for our manufacturing facilities
 we believe we are able to procure more competitive arrangements with our suppliers
 thereby allowing us to compete as a low-cost producer of beverages.

The products we produce and sell are made from various materials including sweeteners
 juice concentrates
 carbon dioxide
 water
 glass and plastic bottles
 aluminum cans and ends
 paper
 cartons and closures. Most of our low-calorie soft drink products use sucralose
 aspartame
 stevia or Acesulfame-K. We manufacture a substantial portion of our flavor concentrates and purchase remaining raw materials from multiple suppliers. 







Substantially all of the materials and ingredients we purchase are presently available from several suppliers
 although strikes
 weather conditions
 utility shortages
 governmental control or regulations
 national emergencies
 price or supply fluctuations or other events outside our control could adversely affect the supply of specific materials. A significant portion of our raw material purchases
 including aluminum cans
 plastic bottles
 high fructose corn syrup
 corrugated packaging and juice concentrates
 are derived from commodities. Therefore
 pricing and availability tend to fluctuate based upon worldwide market conditions. Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. In certain cases
 we may elect to enter into multi-year agreements for the supply of these materials with one or more suppliers
 the terms of which may include variable or fixed pricing
 minimum purchase quantities and/or the requirement to purchase all supplies for specified locations. Additionally
 we use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in certain raw material costs.



The majority of our sales are seasonal with the highest volume typically realized during the summer months. We have sufficient production capacity to meet seasonal increases without maintaining significant quantities of inventory in anticipation of periods of peak demand. Additionally
 our sales can be influenced by weather conditions.



The beverage industry is highly competitive and our competitive position varies in each of our market areas. Our products compete with many varieties of liquid refreshment
 including soft drinks
 water products
 juices
 fruit drinks
 powdered drinks
 coffees
 teas
 energy drinks
 sports drinks
 dairy-based drinks
 functional beverages and various other nonalcoholic beverages. We compete with bottlers and distributors of national
 regional and private label products. Several competitors
 including the two that dominate the soft drink industry
 PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company
 have greater financial resources than we have and aggressive promotion of their products can adversely affect sales of our brands. Principal methods of competition in the beverage industry are price and promotional activity
 advertising and marketing programs
 point-of-sale merchandising
 retail space management
 customer service
 product differentiation
 packaging innovations and distribution methods. We believe our Company differentiates itself through a diversified product portfolio
 strong regional brand recognition
 innovative flavor variety
 attractive packaging
 efficient distribution methods
 specialized advertising and
 for some product lines
 value pricing.







The production
 distribution and sale of our products in the United States are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Lanham Act; various environmental statutes; and various other federal
 state and local statutes regulating the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. We believe that we are in compliance
 in all material respects
 with such existing legislation.







Certain states and localities prohibit the sale of certain beverages unless a deposit or tax is charged for containers. These requirements vary by each jurisdiction. Similar legislation has been proposed in certain other states and localities
 as well as by Congress. We are unable to predict whether such legislation will be enacted or what impact its enactment would have on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.

All of our facilities in the United States are subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions has not had any material adverse effect on our financial or competitive position. We believe that our current practices and procedures for the control and disposition of toxic or hazardous substances comply in all material respects with applicable law. Compliance with or violation of any current or future regulations and legislation could require material expenditures or have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 



As of April 27
 2013
 we employed approximately 1
200 people
 of which approximately 300 are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that relations with our employees are generally good.



Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition
 our Code of Ethics is available on our website. The information on the Company&#8217;s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report that we file with
 or furnish to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. 








In addition to other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company&#8217;s business. Our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company
 or that the Company currently deems immaterial
 may also impair our business and results of operations. 

 There has been an increasing focus on health and wellness by beverage consumers
 which may reduce demand for caloric carbonated soft drinks and increase the consumption of products perceived to deliver health
 wellness and/or functionality. If we do not adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics
 consumer trends
 health concerns and product preferences
 our financial results could be adversely affected.

The beverage industry is extremely competitive. Our products compete with a broad range of beverage products
 most of which are manufactured and distributed by companies with substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources. In order to generate future revenues and profits
 we must continue to sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Discounting and other actions by our competitors may make it more difficult to sustain revenues and profits.









 The production of our products is dependent on certain raw materials
 including aluminum
 resin
 corn
 linerboard and fruit juice. In addition
 the production and distribution of our products is dependent on energy sources
 including natural gas
 fuel and electricity. These items are subject to price volatility caused by numerous factors. Commodity price increases ultimately result in a corresponding increase in the cost of raw materials and energy. We may be limited in our ability to pass these increases on to our customers or may incur a loss in sales volume to the extent price increases are taken. In addition
 strikes
 weather conditions
 governmental controls
 national emergencies
 natural disasters
 supply shortages or other events could affect our continued supply of raw materials and energy. If raw materials or energy costs increase
 or the availability is limited
 our financial results could be adversely affected.

Our business and properties are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including those governing the production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and distribution of beverage products. In addition
 various governmental agencies have considered imposing taxes on soft drinks and other sugar-sweetened beverages
 including those sweetened with high fructose corn syrup. New laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could negatively affect our financial results through lower sales or higher operating costs.

















Our principal properties include twelve manufacturing facilities located in ten states
 which aggregate approximately two million square feet. We own ten manufacturing facilities in the following states: California (2)
 Georgia
 Kansas
 Michigan (2)
 Ohio
 Texas
 Utah and Washington. Two manufacturing facilities
 located in Maryland and Florida
 are leased subject to agreements that expire through 2020. We believe our facilities are generally in good condition and sufficient to meet our present needs. 

The production of beverages is capital intensive but is not characterized by rapid technological change. The technological advances that have occurred have generally been of an incremental cost-saving nature
 such as the industry&#8217;s conversion to lighter weight containers or improved blending processes that enhance ingredient yields. We are not aware of any anticipated industry-wide changes in technology that would adversely impact our current physical production capacity or cost of production.

We own and lease trucks
 vans and automobiles used in the sale
 delivery and distribution of our products. In addition
 we lease office and warehouse space
 transportation equipment
 office equipment and certain manufacturing equipment.














From time to time
 we are a party to various litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 


















MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The common stock of National Beverage Corp.
 par value $.01 per share
 (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;FIZZ&#8221;. The following table shows the range of high and low prices per share of the Common Stock for the fiscal quarters indicated:&nbsp;













April 27
 2013



April 28
 2012
































































































At July 2
 2013
 there were approximately 6
000 holders of our Common Stock
 the majority of which hold their shares in the names of various dealers and/or clearing agencies.

The Company paid special cash dividends on Common Stock of $118.1 million ($2.55 per share) on December 27
 2012
 $106.3 million ($2.30 per share) on February 14
 2011 and $62.3 million ($1.35 per share) on January&nbsp;22
 2010. 

In April 2012
 the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company&#8217;s Stock Buyback Program from 800
000 to 1.6 million shares of Common Stock. As of April 27
 2013
 502
060 shares were purchased under the program and 1
097
940 shares were available for purchase. There were no shares of Common Stock purchased during the last three fiscal years.

On January 25
 2013
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of Special Series D Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share (&#8220;Series D Preferred&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million. Series D Preferred has a liquidation preference of $50 per share and accrues dividends on this amount at an annual rate of 3% through April 30
 2014 and
 thereafter
 at an annual rate equal to 370 basis points above the 3-Month LIBOR. Dividends are cumulative and payable quarterly. The Series D Preferred is nonvoting and is redeemable at the option of the Company beginning May 1
 2014 at $50 per share. Upon a change of control
 as such term is defined in the Certificate of Designation of the Special Series D Preferred Stock
 the holder shall have the right to convert the Series D Preferred into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to the tender price per share offered to the holders of the Common Stock. The net proceeds of $19.7 million were used to repay borrowings under the Credit Facilities. The Series D Preferred was issued by the Company pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. See the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on January 31
 2013. 









The following graph shows a comparison of the five-year cumulative returns of an investment of $100 cash on May 3
 2008
 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 in (i)&nbsp;Common Stock
 (ii)&nbsp;the NASDAQ Composite Index and (iii)&nbsp;a Company-constructed peer group consisting of Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated and Cott Corporation. Based on the cumulative total return below
 an investment in our Common Stock on May 3
 2008 provided a compounded annual return of approximately 22.4% as of April 27
 2013.































































































































 Times





 except per share and footnote amounts)













April 27





April 28





April 30





May 1





May 2
















































































































Selling
 general and administrative











































































































































































































































































































































































































Property
 plant and equipment - net










































































































































































The Company paid special cash dividends on Common Stock of $118.1 million ($2.55 per share) on December 27
 2012

 2011 and $62.3 million ($1.35 per share) on January 22
 2010.


















National Beverage Corp. is an acknowledged leader in the development
 manufacturing
 marketing and sale of a diverse portfolio of flavored beverage products. Our primary market focus is the United States
 but our products are also distributed in Canada
 Mexico
 the Caribbean
 Latin America
 the Pacific Rim
 Asia
 Europe and the Middle East. A holding company for various operating subsidiaries
 National Beverage Corp. was incorporated in Delaware in 1985 and began trading as a public company on the NASDAQ Stock Market in 1991. In this report
 the terms &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Company&#8221; and &#8220;National Beverage&#8221; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries unless indicated otherwise. 

Our brands consist of (i) carbonated soft drinks in a variety of flavors as well as regular
 diet and reduced-calorie options
 and (ii) beverages geared toward the active and health-conscious consumer (&#8220;Power+ Brands&#8221;)
 including energy drinks and shots
 juices
 sparkling waters and enhanced beverages.&nbsp;In addition
 we produce soft drinks for certain retailers (&#8220;Allied Brands&#8221;) that endorse the concept (&#8220;Strategic Alliance&#8221;) of having our brands and the Allied Brands marketed to produce the effect of enhanced growth of both.&nbsp;We employ a philosophy that emphasizes vertical integration; our vertically-integrated manufacturing model unites the procurement of raw materials and production of concentrates with the manufacture of finished products in our twelve manufacturing facilities.&nbsp;To service a diverse customer base that includes numerous national retailers as well as hundreds of smaller &#8220;up-and-down-the-street&#8221; accounts
 we have developed a hybrid distribution system that promotes and utilizes customers&#8217; warehouse distribution facilities and our own direct-store delivery fleet plus the direct-store delivery systems of independent distributors and wholesalers. 

We consider ourselves to be a leader in the development and sale of flavored beverage products. Our carbonated soft drink flavor development spans over 100 years originating with our flagship brands

 brands along with St. Nick&#8217;s&#174; holiday soft drinks. Our portfolio of products we refer to as Power+ Brands are targeted to consumers seeking healthier and functional alternatives to complement their active lifestyles
&#174;
flavored
&#174;
100% juice and juice-based products and Ohana&#174; fruit-flavored non-carbonated fruit drinks
 lemonades and teas. 

Our strategy emphasizes the growth of our products by (i) offering a beverage portfolio of proprietary flavors with distinctive packaging and broad demographic appeal
 (ii) supporting the franchise value of regional brands
 (iii) appealing to the &#8220;quality-value&#8221; expectations of the family consumer
 (iv) responding to demographic trends by developing innovative products designed to expand distribution in higher-margin channels
 and (v) expanding our focus on healthier and functional beverages tailored toward healthy
 active lifestyles. 

The majority of our sales are seasonal with the highest volume typically realized during the summer months. As a result
 our operating results from one fiscal quarter to the next may not be comparable. Additionally
 our operating results are affected by numerous factors
 including fluctuations in the costs of raw materials
 changes in consumer preference for beverage products
 competitive pricing in the marketplace and weather conditions. 










Net sales for the fiscal year ended April 27
 2013 (&#8220;Fiscal 2013&#8221;) increased 5.3% to $662.0 million as compared to $628.9 million for the fiscal year ended April 28
 2012 (&#8220;Fiscal 2012&#8221;). This sales improvement is due to case volume growth of our Power+ Brands&nbsp;of 5.4% and growth of carbonated soft drinks
 which includes Allied Brands
 of 6.4%.&nbsp;Average net selling price per case decreased .8% primarily due to changes in product mix. 

Net sales for the fiscal year ended April 28
 2012 increased 4.8% to $628.9 million as compared to $600.2 million for the fiscal year ended April 30
 2011 (&#8220;Fiscal 2011&#8221;). This sales improvement is due to case volume growth of 9.9% for our Power+ Brands and 1.4% for carbonated soft drinks. In addition
 our unit pricing increased 1.3% due to price increases implemented to offset higher raw material costs. 


Gross profit was 32.8% of net sales for Fiscal 2013
 which represents a 1.1% margin decline compared to Fiscal 2012. The gross margin decline is primarily due to product mix changes. Cost of sales increased .8% on a per case basis. 

Gross profit was 33.9% of net sales for Fiscal 2012
 which represents a 2.5% margin decline compared to Fiscal 2011. During Fiscal 2011
 we benefited from sales of certain high margin products to overseas locations. These sales were impacted during Fiscal 2012 and
 accordingly
 gross margins returned to more normalized levels. The gross margin decline is also due to higher raw material costs and changes in product mix. Cost of sales increased 5.3% on a per case basis. 

Shipping and handling costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the classification of which is consistent with many beverage companies. However
 our gross margin may not be comparable to companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of sales. See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $146.2 million or 22.1% of net sales for Fiscal 2013 compared to $146.2 million or 23.2% of net sales for Fiscal 2012.&nbsp;Fiscal 2013 expenses reflect higher shipping and handling costs due to increased case volume
 offset by reduced marketing and administrative expenses.&nbsp;

Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $146.2 million or 23.2% of net sales for Fiscal 2012 compared to $155.9 million or 26.0% of net sales for Fiscal 2011. The decline in expenses is due to a decrease in marketing and administrative expenses. 


Interest expense is comprised of interest on borrowings and fees related to maintaining lines of credit. The Company paid a special cash dividend of $118.1 million ($2.55 per common share) on December 27
 2012 from available cash and borrowings under our credit facilities. Accordingly
 interest expense increased to $403
000 in Fiscal 2013 from $107
000 in Fiscal 2012 and $99
000 in Fiscal 2011. Other expense is net of interest income of $37
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $69
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $140
000 for Fiscal 2011. The decline in interest income for Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 is due to lower average invested balances and investment yields. 








Our effective tax rate was approximately 33.4% for Fiscal 2013
 34.2% for Fiscal 2012 and 34.9% for Fiscal 2011. The difference between the effective rate and the federal statutory rate of 35% was primarily due to the effects of state income taxes and the manufacturing deduction. See Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




Our principal source of funds is cash generated from operations and borrowings available under our credit facilities. At April 27
 2013
 we maintained $100 million unsecured revolving credit facilities
 of which $50 million of borrowings were outstanding and $2.3 million was used for standby letters of credit. We believe that existing capital resources will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the next twelve months. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

We continually evaluate capital projects to expand our production capacity
 enhance packaging capabilities or improve efficiencies at our manufacturing facilities. Expenditures for property
 plant and equipment amounted to $9.7 million for Fiscal 2013. There were no material capital expenditure commitments at April 27
 2013.

On January 25
 2013
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of Special Series D Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company paid special cash dividends on common stock of $118.1 million ($2.55 per share) on December 27
 2012
 $106.3 million ($2.30 per share) on February 14
 2011 and $62.3 million ($1.35 per share) on January&nbsp;22
 2010. 

Pursuant to a management agreement
 we incurred a fee to Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc. (&#8220;CMA&#8221;) of approximately $6.6 million for Fiscal 2013
 $6.3 million for Fiscal 2012 and $6.0 million for Fiscal 2011. At April 27
 2013
 management fees payable to CMA were $3.1 million. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.




During Fiscal 2013
 $40.3 million was provided by operating activities
 which was offset by $9.6 million used in investing activities and $48.0 million used in financing activities. Cash provided by operating activities increased $2.6 million primarily due to increased earnings. Cash used in financing activities increased $48.4 million due to the special dividend payment of $118.1 million in Fiscal 2013
 partially offset by $19.7 million in proceeds from the issuance of Special Series D Preferred Stock and $50.0 million in net borrowings under credit facilities. 

During Fiscal 2012
 $37.7 million was provided by operating activities
 which was offset by $9.9 million used in investing activities. Cash provided by operating activities decreased $17.6 million primarily due to increases in trade receivables and inventories as well as a decline in accrued liabilities. Cash used in investing activities decreased $1.5 million due to lower capital expenditures.








During Fiscal 2013
 our working capital decreased $2.3 million to $67.5 million due to a decline in cash resulting from the payment of the special cash dividend. Trade receivables increased $2.5 million
 which represents an increase in days sales outstanding from approximately 33.9 days to 34.7 days
 and inventories decreased $1.6 million
 which represents an improvement in annual inventory turns from 11.0 to 11.2 times. Accounts payable decreased $10.6 million due to the timing of payments to vendors at the end of the year. At April 27
 2013
 the current ratio was 2.1 to 1
 as compared to 1.9 to 1 at April 28
 2012.

During Fiscal 2012
 our working capital increased $38.9 million to $69.8 million due to cash provided by operating activities. Trade receivables increased $5.7 million
 which represents an increase in days sales outstanding from approximately 33.4 days to 33.9 days
 and inventories increased $7.5 million
 which represents a reduction in annual inventory turns from 11.7 to 11 times. These increases are primarily due to the commencement of a new Strategic Alliance agreement in the latter part of Fiscal 2012. The increase in inventory is also due to higher raw material costs and quantity increases related to anticipated sales growth. Prepaid and other assets decreased $4.0 million due to a decline in the fair value of derivative assets. See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. At April 28
 2012
 the current ratio was 1.9 to 1
 as compared to 1.4 to 1 at April 30
 2011.



Contractual obligations at April 27
 2013 are payable as follows:
















































































































































As of April 27
 2013
 we guaranteed the residual value of certain leased equipment in the amount of $5.9 million. If the proceeds from the sale of such equipment are less than the balance required by the lease when the lease terminates July 31
 2013
 the Company shall be required to pay the difference up to such guaranteed amount. The Company expects to have no loss on such guarantee. 

We contribute to certain pension plans under collective bargaining agreements and to a discretionary profit sharing plan. Total contributions were $2.6 million for Fiscal 2013
 $2.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $2.5 million for Fiscal 2011. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain liability
 medical and workers&#8217; compensation exposures. Other long-term liabilities include known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance
 based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience. Since the timing and amount of claim payments vary significantly
 we are not able to reasonably estimate future payments for the specific periods indicated in the table above. Standby letters of credit aggregating $2.3 million have been issued in connection with our self-insurance programs. These standby letters of credit expire through June 2014 and are expected to be renewed.









We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have
 or are reasonably likely to have
 a current or future material effect on our financial condition.



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management&#8217;s knowledge of current events and actions it may undertake in the future
 they may ultimately differ from actual results. We believe that the critical accounting policies described in the following paragraphs comprise the most significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For these policies
 we caution that future events rarely develop exactly as estimated and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.


We sell products to a variety of customers and extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&#8217;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
 credit conditions and historical write-offs. 


All long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Estimated fair market value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.


Our effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.


We maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain liability
 medical and workers&#8217; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience.


We offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers that require customer performance or achievement of certain sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may vary from accrued amounts. 









National Beverage and its representatives may make written or oral statements relating to future events or results relative to our financial
 operational and business performance
 achievements
 objectives and strategies. These statements are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements contained in this report and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in reports to our stockholders. Certain statements including
 without limitation
 statements containing the words believes, anticipates, intends, plans, expects, and estimates constitute forward-looking statements and involve known and unknown risk
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 but are not limited to
 the following: general economic and business conditions
 pricing of competitive products
 success in acquiring other beverage businesses
 success of new product and flavor introductions
 fluctuations in the costs of raw materials and packaging supplies
 ability to pass along cost increases to our customers
 labor strikes or work stoppages or other interruptions in the employment of labor
 continued retailer support for our products
 changes in consumer preferences and our success in creating products geared toward consumers&#8217; tastes
 success in implementing business strategies
 changes in business strategy or development plans
 government regulations
 taxes or fees imposed on the sale of our products
 unseasonably cold or wet weather conditions and other factors referenced in this report
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other reports to our stockholders. We disclaim an obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.









We purchase various raw materials
 including aluminum cans
 plastic bottles
 high fructose corn syrup
 corrugated packaging and juice concentrates
 the prices of which fluctuate based on commodity market conditions. Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. At times
 we manage our exposure to this risk through the use of supplier pricing agreements that enable us to establish the purchase prices for certain commodities. Additionally
 we use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in certain raw material costs.


At April 27
 2013
 the Company had $50 million in borrowings outstanding under its credit facilities with a weighted average interest rate of 1.1%. Interest rate hedging products are not currently used to mitigate risk from interest fluctuations. If the interest rate on our debt changed by 100 basis points (1%)
 our interest expense for Fiscal 2013 would have changed by approximately $200
000.&nbsp;












(In thousands
 except share data)







April 27





April 28









































































































Property
 plant and equipment - net



































































































































































































Preferred stock
 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized










Series C - 150
000 shares issued










Series D - 400
000 shares issued (2013)

000










Common stock
 $.01 par value - 75
000

361
799 shares (2013) and 50
321
559 shares (2012) issued


























































Series C preferred stock - 150
000 shares












Common stock - 4
032
784 shares


















































(In thousands
 except per share amounts) 













April 27





April 28





April 30



















































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses

































































































































































































































































































































































































April 27





April 28





April 30



















































Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:

































































































































































April 27
 2013



April 28
 2012



April 30
 2011












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































April 27





April 28





April 30






















































































Loss on disposal of property
 net




















































































































































































Additions to property
 plant and equipment

















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment





























































































Borrowings under credit facilities
 net















Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net







































































































































































































































National Beverage Corp. develops
 manufactures
 markets and sells a diverse portfolio of flavored beverage products primarily in North America. Incorporated in Delaware in 1985
 National Beverage Corp. is a holding company for various operating subsidiaries. When used in this report
 the terms &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; &#8220;Company&#8221; and &#8220;National Beverage&#8221; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries. 









The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of National Beverage Corp. and all subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Our fiscal year ends the Saturday closest to April 30 and
 as a result
 an additional week is added every five or six years. Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 consisted of 52 weeks. 








Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
 which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000 shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011. Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common share because these options were anti-dilutive. 


The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments are calculated based on market rates to settle the instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current market prices and credit worthiness. See Note 6. 


All long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Estimated fair market value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.








Our effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.


We maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain liability
 medical and workers&#8217; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience.


Intangible assets as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of non-amortizable trademarks. 


Inventories are stated at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or market. Inventories at April 27
 2013 were comprised of finished goods of $23.2 million and raw materials of $16.0 million. Inventories at April 28
 2012 were comprised of finished goods of $24.4 million and raw materials of $16.5 million. 


We are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 totaled $44.6 million in Fiscal 2013
 $45.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $52.9 million in Fiscal 2011. 

Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 7 to 30 years for buildings and improvements
 and 3 to 15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized. 


Revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss pass to the customer
 which generally occurs upon delivery. Our policy is not to allow the return of products once they have been accepted by the customer. However
 on occasion
 we have accepted returns or issued credit to customers
 primarily for damaged goods. The amounts have been immaterial and
 accordingly
 we do not provide a specific valuation allowance for sales returns.








We offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers that require customer performance or achievement of certain sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may vary from accrued amounts. 


We operate as a single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.


Shipping and handling costs are reported in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of income. Such costs aggregated $44.2 million in Fiscal 2013
 $41.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $41.3 million in Fiscal 2011. Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of sales.





We record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&#8217;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
 credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows: 





























































































As of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 we did not have any customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables. No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales during any of the last three fiscal years. 


The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management&#8217;s knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
 actual results may vary from reported amounts.






PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Property
 plant and equipment as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of the following:






















































































Property
 plant and equipment &#8211; net











Depreciation expense was $9.0 million for Fiscal 2013
 $8.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $9.3 million for Fiscal 2011. 








Accrued liabilities as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of the following:




























































































At April 27
 2013
 a subsidiary of the Company maintained unsecured revolving credit facilities with banks aggregating $100 million (the &#8220;Credit Facilities&#8221;). The Credit Facilities expire from November 22
 2015 to April 30
 2016 and current borrowings bear interest at .9% above one-month LIBOR (1.1% at April 27
 2013). At April 27
 2013
 borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities were $50 million
 $2.3 million of the Credit Facilities were used for standby letters of credit and $47.7 million were available for borrowings. 







The Credit Facilities require the subsidiary to maintain certain financial ratios
 principally debt to net worth and debt to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain other restrictions
 none of which are expected to have a material effect on our operations or financial position. At April 27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all loan covenants. 








The Company paid special cash dividends on common stock of $118.1 million ($2.55 per share) on December 27
 2012
 $106.3 million ($2.30 per share) on February 14
 2011 and $62.3 million ($1.35 per share) on January&nbsp;22
 2010. 

On January 25
 2013
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of Special Series D Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share (&#8220;Series D Preferred&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million. Series D Preferred has a liquidation preference of $50 per share and accrues dividends on this amount at an annual rate of 3% through April 30
 2014 and
 thereafter
 at an annual rate equal to 370 basis points above the 3-Month LIBOR. Dividends are cumulative and payable quarterly. Unpaid dividends at April 27
 2013 were $141
000. The Series D Preferred is nonvoting and is redeemable at the option of the Company beginning May 1
 2014 at $50 per share. The net proceeds of $19.7 million were used to repay borrowings under the Credit Facilities. In addition
 the Company has 150
000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share
 which are held as treasury stock and
 therefore
 such shares have no liquidation value.

In April 2012
 the Board of Directors authorized an increase in the Company&#8217;s Stock Buyback Program from 800
000 to 1.6 million shares of common stock. As of April 27
 2013
 502
060 shares were purchased under the program and 1
097
940 shares were available for purchase. There were no shares purchased during the last three fiscal years.

The Company is a party to a management agreement with Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc. (&#8220;CMA&#8221;)
 a corporation owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This agreement was originated in 1991 for the efficient use of management of two public companies at the time. In 1994
 one of those public entities
 through a merger
 no longer was managed in this manner. Under the terms of the agreement
 CMA provides
 subject to the direction and supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company
 (i) senior corporate functions (including supervision of the Company&#8217;s financial
 legal
 executive recruitment
 internal audit and management information systems departments) as well as the services of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii) services in connection with acquisitions
 dispositions and financings by the Company
 including identifying and profiling acquisition candidates
 negotiating and structuring potential transactions and arranging financing for any such transaction. CMA
 through its personnel
 also provides
 to the extent possible
 the stimulus and creativity to develop an innovative and dynamic persona for the Company
 its products and corporate image. In order to fulfill its obligations under the management agreement
 CMA employs numerous individuals
 whom
 acting as a unit
 provide management
 administrative and creative functions for the Company. The management agreement provides that the Company will pay CMA an annual base fee equal to one percent of the consolidated net sales of the Company
 and further provides that the Compensation and Stock Option Committee and the Board of Directors may from time to time award additional incentive compensation to CMA.&nbsp;The Board&nbsp;of Directors on numerous occasions contemplated incentive compensation and
&nbsp;while&nbsp;shareholder&nbsp;value has increased over 2
000% since the inception&nbsp;of this agreement
 no incentive compensation has been paid.&nbsp;We incurred management fees to CMA of $6.6 million for Fiscal 2013
 $6.3 million for Fiscal 2012 and $6.0 million for Fiscal 2011. Included in accounts payable were amounts due CMA of $3.1 million at April 27
 2013 and $3.0 million at April 28
 2012.














We have entered into various aluminum swap contracts to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of aluminum cans through April 2014. The financial instruments were designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly
 gains or losses attributable to the effective portion of the cash flow hedge are reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (&#8220;AOCI&#8221;) and reclassified into earnings through cost of sales in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our cash flow hedge was immaterial. The following summarizes the gains (losses) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and AOCI relative to the cash flow hedge for Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011:














































































































































































As of April 27
 2013
 the notional amount of our outstanding aluminum swap contracts was $21.0 million and
 assuming no change in the commodity prices
 $964
000 of unrealized net loss (before tax) will be reclassified from AOCI and recognized in earnings over the next twelve months. See Note 1. 

As of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 the fair value of the derivative liability was $964
000 and $503
000
 respectively
 which was included in accrued liabilities. Such valuation does not entail a significant amount of judgment and the inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement are Level 2 as defined by the fair value hierarchy as they are observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 




















































Loss on disposal of property
 net







































































































































Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of the following:


































































































































































































 net of federal benefit


























































As of April 27
 2013
 the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $4.3 million
 of which $126
000 was recognized as tax benefit in Fiscal 2013. If we were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be to reduce our tax expense by approximately $3.5 million. A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 which amounts are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 is as follows: 



































































































We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of April 27
 2013
 unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest of $514
000
 of which approximately $26
000 was recognized as a tax benefit in Fiscal 2013. 

We file annual income tax returns in the United States and in various state and local jurisdictions. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position
 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most probable outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. The resolution of any particular uncertain tax position could require the use of cash and an adjustment to our provision for income taxes in the period of resolution. Federal income tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to 2009 are subject to examination. Generally
 the income tax returns for the various state jurisdictions are subject to examination for fiscal years ending after fiscal 2009. 










The 1991 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Omnibus Plan&#8221;) provides for compensatory awards consisting of (i) stock options or stock awards for up to 4
800
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents
 other stock-based awards in amounts up to 4
800
000 shares of common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to provide an incentive to officers and certain other key employees and consultants by making available to them an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or options which may be issued under stock-based awards to an individual is limited to 1
680
000 during any year. Awards may be granted for no cash consideration or such minimal cash consideration as may be required by law. Options generally have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant
 vest over a five-year period and expire after ten years.

The Special Stock Option Plan provides for the issuance of stock options to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
800
000 shares of common stock. Options may be granted for such consideration as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule and exercise price of these options are tied to the recipient&#8217;s ownership level of common stock and the terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price upon each vesting period. Also
 the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to 50
000 shares of common stock to be issued at the direction of the Chairman.

The Key Employee Equity Partnership Program (&#8220;KEEP Program&#8221;) provides for the granting of stock options to purchase up to 240
000 shares of common stock to key employees
 consultants
 directors and officers. Participants who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares purchased
 up to a maximum of 6
000 shares in any two-year period. Options under the KEEP Program are forfeited in the event of the sale of shares used to acquire such options. Options are granted at an initial exercise price of 60% of the purchase price paid for the shares acquired and the exercise price reduces to the stock par value at the end of the six-year vesting period. 







We account for stock options under the fair value method of accounting using a Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the stock option fair value at date of grant. The fair value of stock options is amortized to expense over the vesting period. Stock options granted were 2
000 KEEP shares in Fiscal 2013
 3
000 KEEP shares in Fiscal 2012 and 301
500 shares in Fiscal 2011. The weighted average Black-Scholes fair value assumptions for stock options granted are as follows: weighted average expected life of 8 years for Fiscal 2013
 8 years for Fiscal 2012 and 7.5 years for Fiscal 2011; weighted average expected volatility of 38.1% for Fiscal 2013
 42.9% for Fiscal 2012 and 48.6% for Fiscal 2011; weighted average risk free interest rates of 1.6% for Fiscal 2013
 2.5% for Fiscal 2012 and 2.8% for Fiscal 2011; and expected dividend yield of 5.0% for Fiscal 2013
 5.3% for Fiscal 2012 and 4.3% for Fiscal 2011.&nbsp; The expected life of stock options was estimated based on historical experience.&nbsp; The expected volatility was estimated based on historical stock prices for a period consistent with the expected life of stock options. &nbsp;The risk free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life of stock options. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience.



















Options outstanding
 beginning of year















































Options outstanding
 end of year











Options exercisable
 end of year












Stock-based compensation expense was $230
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $290
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $446
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total fair value of shares vested was $453
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $513
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $135
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total intrinsic value for stock options exercised was $406
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $758
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $799
000 for Fiscal 2011. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $239
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $115
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $209
000 for Fiscal 2011. Stock based income tax benefits aggregated $92
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $295
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $921
000 for Fiscal 2011. The weighted average fair value for stock options granted was $8.76 for Fiscal 2013
 $8.16 for Fiscal 2012 and $6.35 for Fiscal 2011.

As of April 27
 2013
 unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of our stock options was $375
000
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options outstanding as of April 27
 2013 was 4.5 years and $3.4 million
 respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable as of April 27
 2013 was 3.6 years and $2.4 million
 respectively.







We have a stock purchase plan which provides for the purchase of up to 1
536
000 shares of common stock by employees who (i) have been employed for at least two years
 (ii) are not part-time employees and (iii) are not owners of five percent or more of our common stock. As of April 27
 2013
 no shares have been issued under the plan.








The Company contributes to certain pension plans under collective bargaining agreements and to a discretionary profit sharing plan. Total contributions (including contributions to multi-employer plans reflected below) were $2.6 million for Fiscal 2013
 $2.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $2.5 million for Fiscal 2011. 

The Company participates in various multi-employer defined benefit pension plans covering certain employees whose employment is covered under collective bargaining agreements. Under the Pension Protection Act (&#8220;PPA&#8221;)
 if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to stop participating in the multi-employer plan
 the Company could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan. 

Summarized below is certain information regarding the Company&#8217;s participation in significant multi-employer pension plans including the financial improvement plan or rehabilitation plan status (&#8220;FIP/RP Status&#8221;). The most recent PPA zone status available in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 is for the plans&#8217; years ending December&nbsp;31
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. 
&nbsp;
























Central States
 Southeast and Southwest 
















































For the plan years ended December&nbsp;31
 2011 and December&nbsp;31
 2010
 respectively
 the Company was not listed in the pension trust fund forms 5500 as providing more than 5% of the total contributions for the plans. The collective bargaining agreements covering the above pension trust funds expire on October 18
 2016 for the CSSS Fund and May 14
 2016 for the WCT Fund.










































































































We lease buildings
 machinery and equipment under various non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various dates through 2023. Certain of these leases contain scheduled rent increases and/or renewal options. Contractual rent increases are taken into account when calculating the minimum lease payment and recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense under operating lease agreements totaled approximately $8.9 million for Fiscal 2013
 $9.3 million for Fiscal 2012 and $10.0 million for Fiscal 2011.

Our minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of April 27
 2013 were as follows: 


































































As of April 27
 2013
 we guaranteed the residual value of certain leased equipment in the amount of $5.9 million. If the proceeds from the sale of such equipment are less than the balance required by the lease when the lease terminates July 31
 2013
 the Company shall be required to pay the difference up to such guaranteed amount. The Company expects to have no loss on such guarantee. 

We enter into various agreements with suppliers for the purchase of raw materials
 the terms of which may include variable or fixed pricing and minimum purchase quantities. As of April 27
 2013
 we had purchase commitments for raw materials of $48.1 million for Fiscal 2014 and $6.0 million for Fiscal 2015.

From time to time
 we are a party to various litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.




















(In thousands
 except per share amounts)




































































































































































































































































































We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National Beverage Corp. as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 27
 2013. We also have audited National Beverage Corp.&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of April 27
 2013
 based on criteria established in Internal Control &#8212; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). National Beverage Corp.&#8217;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management&#8217;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.







In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of National Beverage Corp. as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 27
 2013
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 National Beverage Corp. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 27
 2013
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).



West Palm Beach
 Florida
July 11
 2013


























As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our &#8220;disclosure controls and procedures&#8221; (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)). Based upon that evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 


Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 27
 2013. 

Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly
 even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further
 because of changes in conditions
 the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. 

McGladrey LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 as part of their audit
 has issued their report
 included herein
 on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 


There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended April 27
 2013 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 























DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required by Item 10 will be included under the captions &#8220;Election of Directors&#8221;
 &#8220;Information as to Nominees and Other Directors&#8221;
 &#8220;Information Regarding Meetings and Committees of the Board&#8221; and &#8220;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#8221; in the Company&#8217;s 2013 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the officers of the Registrant as of April 27
 2013:






























































Mr. Nick A. Caporella has served as Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer and Director since the Company&#8217;s inception in 1985. Also
 he serves as Chairman of the Nominating Committee. Since 1992
 Mr.&nbsp;Caporella&#8217;s services have been provided to the Company by Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc.
 a company which he owns.





Mr. Joseph G. Caporella has served as President since September 2002 and
 prior to that
 as Executive Vice President and Secretary since January 1991. Also
 he has served as a Director since January 1987. Joseph&nbsp;G. Caporella is the son of Nick A. Caporella.





Mr. George R. Bracken was named Executive Vice President - Finance in July 2012. Previously
 he served as Senior Vice President &#8211; Finance from October 2000 to July 2012 and Vice President and Treasurer from October 1996 to October 2000. Since 1992
 Mr. Bracken&#8217;s services have been provided to the Company by Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc. 





 prior to&nbsp;that date
 served as Senior Vice President &#8211; Controller since October 2000. Prior to October 2000
 he served as Vice President &#8211; Controller since July 1993.
































CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



















EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES





















































































































Management Agreement between the Company and Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc.































































Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated June 30
 2008
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein























Credit Agreement
 dated July 8
 2011
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein







First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated November 23
 2012
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein







First Amendment to Seconded Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated January 16
 2013
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein







Subscription Agreement
 dated January 25
 2013
 between the Company and 8100 Partners
 LLC




































































The following financial information from National Beverage Corp.&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 27
 2013 is formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.















 1991 and is incorporated herein by reference.







 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 1991 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 1996 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 1995 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 1997 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 2011 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 2009 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 2011 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 2012 and is incorporated herein by reference.






 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference.



















 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.







































Date: July 11
 2013



 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on July 11
 2013.


































/s/ Samuel C. Hathorn
 Jr.






Samuel C. Hathorn
 Jr.










































































































 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.

































 Inc.











 Inc.






















 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.











 Inc.






















 Inc.





































 2013 related to our audits of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting which appears in this annual report on Form 10-K of National Beverage Corp. for the year ended April 27
 2013.




 Florida

 2013



















I
 Nick A. Caporella
 certify that:
















 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;








 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
















Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures&nbsp;to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
&nbsp;including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;







Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;







Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and







Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and








 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):









 process
 summarize and report financial information; and







 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: July 11
 2013























I
 George R. Bracken
 certify that:
















 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 








 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;







 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;







 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and







 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and








 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):









 process
 summarize and report financial information; and







 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: July 11
 2013


























In connection with the Annual Report of National Beverage Corp. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ended April 27
 2013 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Nick A. Caporella
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:



(2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition&nbsp;and results of operations of the Company.

Date: July 11
 2013




























In connection with the Annual Report of National Beverage Corp. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the period ended April 27
 2013 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 George R. Bracken
 Executive Vice President - Finance of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:



(2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition&nbsp;and result of operations of the Company.

Date: July 11
 2013























      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      



    




        


        




    


    



    












  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3188&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5146&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5147&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;significant&#xd;
            accounting policies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3190&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis&#xd;
      of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3191&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      consolidated financial statements have been prepared in&#xd;
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting&#xd;
      principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) and rules and regulations of&#xd;
      the Securities and Exchange Commission. The consolidated&#xd;
      financial statements include the accounts of National&#xd;
      Beverage Corp. and all subsidiaries. All significant&#xd;
      intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated.&#xd;
      Our fiscal year ends the Saturday closest to April 30 and
 as&#xd;
      a result
 an additional week is added every five or six&#xd;
      years. Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 consisted of&#xd;
      52 weeks.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3193&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash&#xd;
      and Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3194&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
      and equivalents are comprised of cash and highly liquid&#xd;
      securities (consisting primarily of short-term money-market&#xd;
      investments) with an original maturity of three months or&#xd;
      less.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3196&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative&#xd;
      Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3197&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate&#xd;
      our exposure to changes in certain&amp;#160;raw material costs.&#xd;
      All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair&#xd;
      value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use&#xd;
      derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative&#xd;
      purposes. Credit risk related to derivative financial&#xd;
      instruments is managed by requiring high credit standards for&#xd;
      counterparties and frequent cash settlements. See Note&#xd;
      6.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3220&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings&#xd;
      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3221&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings&#xd;
      available to common shareholders by the weighted average&#xd;
      number of common shares outstanding during the period.&#xd;
      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar&#xd;
      manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
&#xd;
      which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000&#xd;
      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011.&#xd;
      Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not&#xd;
      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common&#xd;
      share because these options were anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3199&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#xd;
      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3200&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade&#xd;
      receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying&#xd;
      amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our&#xd;
      long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its&#xd;
      variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The&#xd;
      estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments&#xd;
      are calculated based on market rates to settle the&#xd;
      instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we&#xd;
      would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current&#xd;
      market prices and credit worthiness. See Note 6.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3202&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment&#xd;
      of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3203&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;All&#xd;
      long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets&#xd;
      not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on&#xd;
      the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or&#xd;
      changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of&#xd;
      an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written&#xd;
      down to its estimated fair market value based on the best&#xd;
      information available. Estimated fair market value is&#xd;
      generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill&#xd;
      and intangible assets not subject to amortization are&#xd;
      evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe&#xd;
      such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized&#xd;
      if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount&#xd;
      of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3205&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income&#xd;
      Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3206&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Our&#xd;
      effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes&#xd;
      which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded&#xd;
      to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax&#xd;
      bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in&#xd;
      the financial statements. Valuation allowances are&#xd;
      established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax&#xd;
      assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the&#xd;
      benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance&#xd;
      Programs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3209&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain&#xd;
      liability
 medical and workers&amp;#8217; compensation exposures.&#xd;
      Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated&#xd;
      incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by&#xd;
      insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical&#xd;
      claims experience.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3211&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible&#xd;
      Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3212&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
      assets as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of&#xd;
      non-amortizable trademarks.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3214&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3215&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&#xd;
      are stated at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or&#xd;
      market. Inventories at April 27
 2013 were comprised of&#xd;
      finished goods of $23.2 million and raw materials of $16.0&#xd;
      million. Inventories at April 28
 2012 were comprised of&#xd;
      finished goods of $24.4 million and raw materials of $16.5&#xd;
      million.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3217&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing&#xd;
      Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3218&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including&#xd;
      cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise&#xd;
      and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are&#xd;
      expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and&#xd;
      production costs which are expensed when the advertising&#xd;
      takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
&#xd;
      general and administrative expenses
 totaled $44.6 million in&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013
 $45.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $52.9 million&#xd;
      in Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3223&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
&#xd;
      Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property
&#xd;
      plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
&#xd;
      replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while&#xd;
      maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of&#xd;
      an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded&#xd;
      using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of&#xd;
      7 to 30 years for buildings and improvements
 and 3 to 15&#xd;
      years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are&#xd;
      amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of&#xd;
      the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the&#xd;
      improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
&#xd;
      the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the&#xd;
      respective accounts and any related gain or loss is&#xd;
      recognized.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3226&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3227&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss&#xd;
      pass to the customer
 which generally occurs upon delivery.&#xd;
      Our policy is not to allow the return of products once they&#xd;
      have been accepted by the customer. However
 on occasion
 we&#xd;
      have accepted returns or issued credit to customers
&#xd;
      primarily for damaged goods. The amounts have been immaterial&#xd;
      and
 accordingly
 we do not provide a specific valuation&#xd;
      allowance for sales returns.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3229&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Sales&#xd;
      Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3230&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers&#xd;
      that require customer performance or achievement of certain&#xd;
      sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the&#xd;
      incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid&#xd;
      over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When&#xd;
      the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected&#xd;
      amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected&#xd;
      sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves&#xd;
      the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume&#xd;
      estimates that are made based on historical experience and&#xd;
      other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a&#xd;
      reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may&#xd;
      vary from accrued amounts.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3232&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment&#xd;
      Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3233&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      operate as a single operating segment for purposes of&#xd;
      presenting financial information and evaluating performance.&#xd;
      As such
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements&#xd;
      present financial information in a format that is consistent&#xd;
      with the internal financial information used by management.&#xd;
      We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
&#xd;
      therefore
 it is impractical to present such&#xd;
      information.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3235&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3236&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      and handling costs are reported in selling
 general and&#xd;
      administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of&#xd;
      income. Such costs aggregated $44.2 million in Fiscal 2013
&#xd;
      $41.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $41.3 million in Fiscal&#xd;
      2011. Although our classification is consistent with many&#xd;
      beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to&#xd;
      companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of&#xd;
      sales.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3238&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based&#xd;
      Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3239&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Compensation&#xd;
      expense for stock-based compensation awards is recognized&#xd;
      over the vesting period based on the grant-date fair value&#xd;
      estimated using the Black-Scholes model. See&#xd;
      Note&amp;#160;9.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3241&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade&#xd;
      Receivables&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3242&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which&#xd;
      includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We&#xd;
      extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral.&#xd;
      Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due&#xd;
      to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our&#xd;
      exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for&#xd;
      anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
&#xd;
      credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3245&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3246&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3247&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3248&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3249&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3250&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          509&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3254&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          96&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          67&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3258&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (41&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (57&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (124&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3262&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          454&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3268&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 we did not have any&#xd;
      customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables.&#xd;
      No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales&#xd;
      during any of the last three fiscal years.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3270&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use&#xd;
      of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3271&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      preparation of financial statements in conformity with&#xd;
      generally accepted accounting principles requires management&#xd;
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts&#xd;
      reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.&#xd;
      Although these estimates are based on management&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
&#xd;
      actual results may vary from reported amounts.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis&#xd;
      of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3191&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      consolidated financial statements have been prepared in&#xd;
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting&#xd;
      principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) and rules and regulations of&#xd;
      the Securities and Exchange Commission. The consolidated&#xd;
      financial statements include the accounts of National&#xd;
      Beverage Corp. and all subsidiaries. All significant&#xd;
      intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated.&#xd;
      Our fiscal year ends the Saturday closest to April 30 and
 as&#xd;
      a result
 an additional week is added every five or six&#xd;
      years. Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 consisted of&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash&#xd;
      and Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3194&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cash&#xd;
      and equivalents are comprised of cash and highly liquid&#xd;
      securities (consisting primarily of short-term money-market&#xd;
      investments) with an original maturity of three months or&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative&#xd;
      Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3197&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate&#xd;
      our exposure to changes in certain&amp;#160;raw material costs.&#xd;
      All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair&#xd;
      value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use&#xd;
      derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative&#xd;
      purposes. Credit risk related to derivative financial&#xd;
      instruments is managed by requiring high credit standards for&#xd;
      counterparties and frequent cash settlements. See Note&#xd;
      6.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3220&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings&#xd;
      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3221&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings&#xd;
      available to common shareholders by the weighted average&#xd;
      number of common shares outstanding during the period.&#xd;
      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar&#xd;
      manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
&#xd;
      which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000&#xd;
      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011.&#xd;
      Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not&#xd;
      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common&#xd;
      share because these options were anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3199&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#xd;
      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3200&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade&#xd;
      receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying&#xd;
      amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our&#xd;
      long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its&#xd;
      variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The&#xd;
      estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments&#xd;
      are calculated based on market rates to settle the&#xd;
      instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we&#xd;
      would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings&#xd;
      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3221&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Basic&#xd;
      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings&#xd;
      available to common shareholders by the weighted average&#xd;
      number of common shares outstanding during the period.&#xd;
      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar&#xd;
      manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
&#xd;
      which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000&#xd;
      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011.&#xd;
      Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not&#xd;
      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common&#xd;

  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair&#xd;
      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3200&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade&#xd;
      receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying&#xd;
      amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our&#xd;
      long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its&#xd;
      variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The&#xd;
      estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments&#xd;
      are calculated based on market rates to settle the&#xd;
      instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we&#xd;
      would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment&#xd;
      of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3203&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;All&#xd;
      long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets&#xd;
      not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on&#xd;
      the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or&#xd;
      changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of&#xd;
      an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written&#xd;
      down to its estimated fair market value based on the best&#xd;
      information available. Estimated fair market value is&#xd;
      generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill&#xd;
      and intangible assets not subject to amortization are&#xd;
      evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe&#xd;
      such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized&#xd;
      if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount&#xd;
      of its reporting unit


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income&#xd;
      Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3206&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Our&#xd;
      effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes&#xd;
      which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded&#xd;
      to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax&#xd;
      bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in&#xd;
      the financial statements. Valuation allowances are&#xd;
      established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax&#xd;
      assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance&#xd;
      Programs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3209&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain&#xd;
      liability
 medical and workers&amp;#8217; compensation exposures.&#xd;
      Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated&#xd;
      incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by&#xd;
      insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible&#xd;
      Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3212&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangible&#xd;
      assets as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3215&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventories&#xd;
      are stated at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or&#xd;
      market. Inventories at April 27
 2013 were comprised of&#xd;
      finished goods of $23.2 million and raw materials of $16.0&#xd;
      million. Inventories at April 28
 2012 were comprised of&#xd;
      finished goods of $24.4 million and raw materials of $16.5&#xd;

  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing&#xd;
      Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3218&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including&#xd;
      cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise&#xd;
      and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are&#xd;
      expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and&#xd;
      production costs which are expensed when the advertising&#xd;
      takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
&#xd;
      general and administrative expenses
 totaled $44.6 million in&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013
 $45.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $52.9 million&#xd;

  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
&#xd;
      Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property
&#xd;
      plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
&#xd;
      replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while&#xd;
      maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of&#xd;
      an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded&#xd;
      using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of&#xd;
      7 to 30 years for buildings and improvements
 and 3 to 15&#xd;
      years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are&#xd;
      amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of&#xd;
      the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the&#xd;
      improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
&#xd;
      the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the&#xd;
      respective accounts and any related gain or loss is&#xd;

  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3227&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Revenue&#xd;
      from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss&#xd;
      pass to the customer
 which generally occurs upon delivery.&#xd;
      Our policy is not to allow the return of products once they&#xd;
      have been accepted by the customer. However
 on occasion
 we&#xd;
      have accepted returns or issued credit to customers
&#xd;
      primarily for damaged goods. The amounts have been immaterial&#xd;
      and
 accordingly
 we do not provide a specific valuation&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Sales&#xd;
      Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3230&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers&#xd;
      that require customer performance or achievement of certain&#xd;
      sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the&#xd;
      incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid&#xd;
      over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When&#xd;
      the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected&#xd;
      amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected&#xd;
      sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves&#xd;
      the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume&#xd;
      estimates that are made based on historical experience and&#xd;
      other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a&#xd;
      reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      operate as a single operating segment for purposes of&#xd;
      presenting financial information and evaluating performance.&#xd;
      As such
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements&#xd;
      present financial information in a format that is consistent&#xd;
      with the internal financial information used by management.&#xd;
      We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
&#xd;
      therefore
 it is impractical to present such&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3236&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Shipping&#xd;
      and handling costs are reported in selling
 general and&#xd;
      administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of&#xd;
      income. Such costs aggregated $44.2 million in Fiscal 2013
&#xd;
      $41.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $41.3 million in Fiscal&#xd;
      2011. Although our classification is consistent with many&#xd;
      beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to&#xd;
      companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of&#xd;

  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based&#xd;
      Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3239&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Compensation&#xd;
      expense for stock-based compensation awards is recognized&#xd;
      over the vesting period based on the grant-date fair value&#xd;
      estimated using the Black-Scholes model. See&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade&#xd;
      Receivables&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3242&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which&#xd;
      includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We&#xd;
      extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral.&#xd;
      Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due&#xd;
      to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our&#xd;
      exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for&#xd;
      anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
&#xd;
      credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the&#xd;
      allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3245&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3246&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3247&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3248&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3249&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3250&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          509&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3254&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          96&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          67&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3258&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (41&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (57&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (124&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3262&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          454&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3268&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 we did not have any&#xd;
      customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables.&#xd;
      No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use&#xd;
      of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3271&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      preparation of financial statements in conformity with&#xd;
      generally accepted accounting principles requires management&#xd;
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts&#xd;
      reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.&#xd;
      Although these estimates are based on management&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
&#xd;


 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3245&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3246&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3247&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3248&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3249&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3250&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          509&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3254&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          96&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          67&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3258&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (41&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (57&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (124&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3262&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Balance&#xd;
            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          454&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          399&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          452&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3273&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5148&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5149&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;PROPERTY
&#xd;
            PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3275&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property
&#xd;
      plant and equipment as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012&#xd;
      consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3277&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3278&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3279&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3280&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
779&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
779&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3283&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Buildings&#xd;
            and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          49
391&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          48
363&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3286&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Machinery&#xd;
            and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          141
314&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          136
019&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3289&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          200
484&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          194
161&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3292&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (143
177&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (137
432&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3295&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property
&#xd;
            plant and equipment &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          57
307&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          56
729&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3300&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Depreciation&#xd;
      expense was $9.0 million for Fiscal 2013
 $8.5 million for&#xd;
      Fiscal 2012 and $9.3 million for Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3277&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3278&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3279&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3280&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
779&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
779&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3283&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Buildings&#xd;
            and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          49
391&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          48
363&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3286&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Machinery&#xd;
            and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          141
314&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          136
019&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3289&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          200
484&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          194
161&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3292&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (143
177&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (137
432&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3295&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property
&#xd;
            plant and equipment &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          57
307&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          56
729&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3302&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5150&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5151&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;ACCRUED&#xd;
            LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3304&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
      liabilities as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted&#xd;
      of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3306&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3307&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3308&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3309&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8
051&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
252&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3312&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            promotions&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
912&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
450&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3315&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            insurance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
451&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
621&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3318&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
728&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
956&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3321&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          19
142&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          21
279&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3306&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3307&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3308&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3309&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            compensation&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8
051&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          9
252&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3312&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            promotions&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
912&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
450&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3315&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            insurance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
451&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
621&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3318&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
728&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
956&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3321&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          19
142&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          21
279&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3326&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5152&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5153&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;DEBT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3328&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;At&#xd;
      April 27
 2013
 a subsidiary of the Company maintained&#xd;
      unsecured revolving credit facilities with banks aggregating&#xd;
      $100 million (the &amp;#8220;Credit Facilities&amp;#8221;). The&#xd;
      Credit Facilities expire from November 22
 2015 to April 30
&#xd;
      2016 and current borrowings bear interest at .9% above&#xd;
      one-month LIBOR (1.1% at April 27
 2013). At April 27
 2013
&#xd;
      borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities were $50&#xd;
      million
 $2.3 million of the Credit Facilities were used for&#xd;
      standby letters of credit and $47.7 million were available&#xd;
      for borrowings.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3330&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Credit Facilities require the subsidiary to maintain certain&#xd;
      financial ratios
 principally debt to net worth and debt to&#xd;
      EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain&#xd;
      other restrictions
 none of which are expected to have a&#xd;
      material effect on our operations or financial position. At&#xd;
      April 27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all loan&#xd;
      covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5154&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5155&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5156&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;CAPITAL STOCK AND&#xd;
            TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3337&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company paid special cash dividends on common stock of $118.1&#xd;
      million ($2.55 per share) on December 27
 2012
 $106.3&#xd;
      million ($2.30 per share) on February 14
 2011 and $62.3&#xd;
      million ($1.35 per share) on January&amp;#160;22
 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3339&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;On&#xd;
      January 25
 2013
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of Special&#xd;
      Series D Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share&#xd;
      (&amp;#8220;Series D Preferred&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase&#xd;
      price of $20 million. Series D Preferred has a liquidation&#xd;
      preference of $50 per share and accrues dividends on this&#xd;
      amount at an annual rate of 3% through April 30
 2014 and
&#xd;
      thereafter
 at an annual rate equal to 370 basis points above&#xd;
      the 3-Month LIBOR. Dividends are cumulative and payable&#xd;
      quarterly. Unpaid dividends at April 27
 2013 were $141
000.&#xd;
      The Series D Preferred is nonvoting and is redeemable at the&#xd;
      option of the Company beginning May 1
 2014 at $50 per share.&#xd;
      The net proceeds of $19.7 million were used to repay&#xd;
      borrowings under the Credit Facilities. In addition
 the&#xd;
      Company has 150
000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 par&#xd;
      value $1 per share
 which are held as treasury stock and
&#xd;
      therefore
 such shares have no liquidation value.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3341&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;In&#xd;
      April 2012
 the Board of Directors authorized an increase in&#xd;
      the Company&amp;#8217;s Stock Buyback Program from 800
000 to 1.6&#xd;
      million shares of common stock. As of April 27
 2013
 502
060&#xd;
      shares were purchased under the program and 1
097
940 shares&#xd;
      were available for purchase. There were no shares purchased&#xd;
      during the last three fiscal years.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3343&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company is a party to a management agreement with Corporate&#xd;
      Management Advisors
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;CMA&amp;#8221;)
 a corporation&#xd;
      owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This&#xd;
      agreement was originated in 1991 for the efficient use of&#xd;
      management of two public companies at the time. In 1994
 one&#xd;
      of those public entities
 through a merger
 no longer was&#xd;
      managed in this manner. Under the terms of the agreement
 CMA&#xd;
      provides
 subject to the direction and supervision of the&#xd;
      Board of Directors of the Company
 (i) senior corporate&#xd;
      functions (including supervision of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      financial
 legal
 executive recruitment
 internal audit and&#xd;
      management information systems departments) as well as the&#xd;
      services of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial&#xd;
      Officer
 and (ii) services in connection with acquisitions
&#xd;
      dispositions and financings by the Company
 including&#xd;
      identifying and profiling acquisition candidates
 negotiating&#xd;
      and structuring potential transactions and arranging&#xd;
      financing for any such transaction. CMA
 through its&#xd;
      personnel
 also provides
 to the extent possible
 the&#xd;
      stimulus and creativity to develop an innovative and dynamic&#xd;
      persona for the Company
 its products and corporate image. In&#xd;
      order to fulfill its obligations under the management&#xd;
      agreement
 CMA employs numerous individuals
 whom
 acting as&#xd;
      a unit
 provide management
 administrative and creative&#xd;
      functions for the Company. The management agreement provides&#xd;
      that the Company will pay CMA an annual base fee equal to one&#xd;
      percent of the consolidated net sales of the Company
 and&#xd;
      further provides that the Compensation and Stock Option&#xd;
      Committee and the Board of Directors may from time to time&#xd;
      award additional incentive compensation to CMA.&amp;#160;The&#xd;
      Board&amp;#160;of Directors on numerous occasions contemplated&#xd;
      incentive compensation&#xd;
      and
&amp;#160;while&amp;#160;shareholder&amp;#160;value has increased&#xd;
      over 2
000% since the inception&amp;#160;of this agreement
 no&#xd;
      incentive compensation has been paid.&amp;#160;We incurred&#xd;
      management fees to CMA of $6.6 million for Fiscal 2013
 $6.3&#xd;
      million for Fiscal 2012 and $6.0 million for Fiscal 2011.&#xd;
      Included in accounts payable were amounts due CMA of $3.1&#xd;
      million at April 27
 2013 and $3.0 million at April 28
&#xd;
      2012.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5157&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5158&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5159&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;DERIVATIVE&#xd;
            FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3349&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      have entered into various aluminum swap contracts to&#xd;
      partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of&#xd;
      aluminum cans through April 2014. The financial instruments&#xd;
      were designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge.&#xd;
      Accordingly
 gains or losses attributable to the effective&#xd;
      portion of the cash flow hedge are reported in Accumulated&#xd;
      Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221;) and&#xd;
      reclassified into earnings through cost of sales in the&#xd;
      period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The&#xd;
      ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our cash&#xd;
      flow hedge was immaterial. The following summarizes the gains&#xd;
      (losses) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income&#xd;
      and AOCI relative to the cash flow hedge for Fiscal 2013
&#xd;
      Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3352&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3353&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3356&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3354&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3357&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3355&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3358&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3359&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Recognized&#xd;
            in AOCI-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3360&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(Loss)&#xd;
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
521&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (4
484&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
650&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3364&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (935&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
642&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
299&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3368&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
586&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
842&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
351&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3372&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Reclassified&#xd;
            from AOCI to cost of sales-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3373&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(Loss)&#xd;
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
060&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          290&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (617&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3377&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (769&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          69&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (220&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3381&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
291&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          221&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (397&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3385&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            change to AOCI&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (295&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3
063&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
748&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3391&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013
 the notional amount of our outstanding&#xd;
      aluminum swap contracts was $21.0 million and
 assuming no&#xd;
      change in the commodity prices
 $964
000 of unrealized net&#xd;
      loss (before tax) will be reclassified from AOCI and&#xd;
      recognized in earnings over the next twelve months. See Note&#xd;
      1.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3393&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 the fair value of the&#xd;
      derivative liability was $964
000 and $503
000
 respectively
&#xd;
      which was included in accrued liabilities. Such valuation&#xd;
      does not entail a significant amount of judgment and the&#xd;
      inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement are&#xd;
      Level 2 as defined by the fair value hierarchy as they are&#xd;
      observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that&#xd;
      are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3352&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3353&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3356&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3354&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3357&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3355&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3358&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3359&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Recognized&#xd;
            in AOCI-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3360&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(Loss)&#xd;
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
521&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (4
484&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
650&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3364&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (935&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
642&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
299&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3368&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
586&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
842&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
351&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3372&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Reclassified&#xd;
            from AOCI to cost of sales-&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3373&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(Loss)&#xd;
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (2
060&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          290&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (617&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3377&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Less&#xd;
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (769&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          69&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (220&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3381&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (1
291&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          221&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (397&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3385&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            change to AOCI&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (295&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3
063&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
748&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5160&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5161&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5162&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER&#xd;
            EXPENSE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3400&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&#xd;
      expense (income) consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3403&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3404&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3407&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3405&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3408&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3406&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3409&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3410&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Interest&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (37&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (69&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (140&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3414&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss&#xd;
            on disposal of property
 net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          63&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          82&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3418&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          147&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          147&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          78&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3422&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          173&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          85&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          20&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3403&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3404&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3407&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3405&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3408&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3406&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3409&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3410&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Interest&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (37&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (69&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (140&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3414&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss&#xd;
            on disposal of property
 net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          63&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          82&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3418&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          147&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          147&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          78&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3422&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          173&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          85&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          20&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5163&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5164&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5165&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b style=&quot;TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&quot;&gt;INCOME&#xd;
            TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3436&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      provision (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the&#xd;
      following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3438&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3439&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3442&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3440&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3443&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3441&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3444&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3445&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
359&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
380&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          22
590&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3449&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          172&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (477&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (694&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3453&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
531&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          22
903&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          21
896&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3459&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
      taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary&#xd;
      differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities&#xd;
      and their reported amounts in the financial statements.&#xd;
      Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying&#xd;
      amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed
 more likely&#xd;
      than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be&#xd;
      realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of April 27
&#xd;
      2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3462&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3463&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3464&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3465&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
            tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3466&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
241&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
173&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3469&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventory&#xd;
            and amortizable assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          355&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          450&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3472&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
596&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
623&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3475&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
            tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3476&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
159&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
186&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3479&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangibles&#xd;
            and other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          99&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          101&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3482&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
258&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
287&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3485&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          10
662&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          10
664&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3488&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&#xd;
            deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
665&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
550&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3491&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Noncurrent&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
327&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
214&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3496&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to&#xd;
      our effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3498&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3501&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3499&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3502&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3500&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3503&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3504&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statutory&#xd;
            federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3508&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1.6&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2.7&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3512&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Manufacturing deduction benefit&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3516&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Other differences&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .5&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3520&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Effective income tax rate&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          33.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          34.2&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          34.9&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3526&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013
 the gross amount of unrecognized tax&#xd;
      benefits was $4.3 million
 of which $126
000 was recognized&#xd;
      as tax benefit in Fiscal 2013. If we were to prevail on all&#xd;
      uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be to reduce&#xd;
      our tax expense by approximately $3.5 million. A&#xd;
      reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of&#xd;
      unrecognized tax benefits
 which amounts are included in&#xd;
      other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance&#xd;
      sheets
 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3529&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3530&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3533&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3531&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3534&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3532&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3535&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3536&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Beginning&#xd;
            balance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
548&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
687&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
997&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3541&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Increases&#xd;
            due to current period tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          415&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          408&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          857&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3545&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Decreases&#xd;
            due to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (614&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (547&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (167&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3549&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Ending&#xd;
            balance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
349&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
548&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
687&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3555&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      recognize accrued interest and penalties related to&#xd;
      unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of April&#xd;
      27
 2013
 unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest&#xd;
      of $514
000
 of which approximately $26
000 was recognized as&#xd;
      a tax benefit in Fiscal 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3557&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      file annual income tax returns in the United States and in&#xd;
      various state and local jurisdictions. A number of years may&#xd;
      elapse before an uncertain tax position
 for which we have&#xd;
      unrecognized tax benefits
 is resolved. While it is often&#xd;
      difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of&#xd;
      resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we&#xd;
      believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most&#xd;
      probable outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
&#xd;
      as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts&#xd;
      and circumstances. The resolution of any particular uncertain&#xd;
      tax position could require the use of cash and an adjustment&#xd;
      to our provision for income taxes in the period of&#xd;
      resolution. Federal income tax returns for fiscal years&#xd;
      subsequent to 2009 are subject to examination. Generally
 the&#xd;
      income tax returns for the various state jurisdictions are&#xd;
      subject to examination for fiscal years ending after fiscal&#xd;
      2009.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3438&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3439&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3442&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3440&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3443&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3441&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3444&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3445&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
359&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
380&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          22
590&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3449&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          172&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (477&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (694&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3453&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          23
531&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          22
903&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          21
896&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3462&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3463&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3464&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3465&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
            tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3466&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Accrued&#xd;
            expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
241&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
173&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3469&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Inventory&#xd;
            and amortizable assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          355&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          450&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3472&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
596&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5
623&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3475&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Deferred&#xd;
            tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3476&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Property&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
159&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
186&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3479&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Intangibles&#xd;
            and other&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          99&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          101&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3482&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
258&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          16
287&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3485&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          10
662&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          10
664&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3488&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Current&#xd;
            deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
665&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
550&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3491&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Noncurrent&#xd;
            deferred tax liabilities &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
327&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
214&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3498&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3501&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3499&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3502&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3500&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3503&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3504&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statutory&#xd;
            federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          35.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3508&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1.6&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2.7&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3512&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Manufacturing deduction benefit&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (3.0&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3516&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Other differences&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (.1&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .5&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3520&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            Effective income tax rate&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          33.4&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          34.2&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          34.9&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          %&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3529&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3530&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3533&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3531&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3534&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3532&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3535&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3536&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Beginning&#xd;
            balance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
548&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
687&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
997&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3541&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Increases&#xd;
            due to current period tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          415&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          408&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          857&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3545&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Decreases&#xd;
            due to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (614&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (547&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (167&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3549&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Ending&#xd;
            balance&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
349&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
548&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
687&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5166&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5167&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5168&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED&#xd;
            COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3564&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Our&#xd;
      stock-based compensation program is a broad-based program&#xd;
      designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning&#xd;
      employees&amp;#8217; interests with the interests of the&#xd;
      stockholders.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3566&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      1991 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Omnibus Plan&amp;#8221;)&#xd;
      provides for compensatory awards consisting of (i) stock&#xd;
      options or stock awards for up to 4
800
000 shares of common&#xd;
      stock
 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents
&#xd;
      other stock-based awards in amounts up to 4
800
000 shares of&#xd;
      common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any&#xd;
      combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to&#xd;
      provide an incentive to officers and certain other key&#xd;
      employees and consultants by making available to them an&#xd;
      opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase&#xd;
      such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or&#xd;
      options which may be issued under stock-based awards to an&#xd;
      individual is limited to 1
680
000 during any year. Awards&#xd;
      may be granted for no cash consideration or such minimal cash&#xd;
      consideration as may be required by law. Options generally&#xd;
      have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our&#xd;
      common stock on the date of grant
 vest over a five-year&#xd;
      period and expire after ten years.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3568&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Special Stock Option Plan provides for the issuance of stock&#xd;
      options to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
800
000 shares of&#xd;
      common stock. Options may be granted for such consideration&#xd;
      as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule&#xd;
      and exercise price of these options are tied to the&#xd;
      recipient&amp;#8217;s ownership level of common stock and the&#xd;
      terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price&#xd;
      upon each vesting period. Also
 the Board of Directors&#xd;
      authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to 50
000&#xd;
      shares of common stock to be issued at the direction of the&#xd;
      Chairman.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3570&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Key Employee Equity Partnership Program (&amp;#8220;KEEP&#xd;
      Program&amp;#8221;) provides for the granting of stock options to&#xd;
      purchase up to 240
000 shares of common stock to key&#xd;
      employees
 consultants
 directors and officers. Participants&#xd;
      who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive&#xd;
      grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares&#xd;
      purchased
 up to a maximum of 6
000 shares in any two-year&#xd;
      period. Options under the KEEP Program are forfeited in the&#xd;
      event of the sale of shares used to acquire such options.&#xd;
      Options are granted at an initial exercise price of 60% of&#xd;
      the purchase price paid for the shares acquired and the&#xd;
      exercise price reduces to the stock par value at the end of&#xd;
      the six-year vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3571&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      account for stock options under the fair value method of&#xd;
      accounting using a Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate&#xd;
      the stock option fair value at date of grant. The fair value&#xd;
      of stock options is amortized to expense over the vesting&#xd;
      period. Stock options granted were 2
000 KEEP shares in&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013
 3
000 KEEP shares in Fiscal 2012 and 301
500&#xd;
      shares in Fiscal 2011. The weighted average Black-Scholes&#xd;
      fair value assumptions for stock options granted are as&#xd;
      follows: weighted average expected life of 8 years for Fiscal&#xd;
      2013
 8 years for Fiscal 2012 and 7.5 years for Fiscal 2011;&#xd;
      weighted average expected volatility of 38.1% for Fiscal&#xd;
      2013
 42.9% for Fiscal 2012 and 48.6% for Fiscal 2011;&#xd;
      weighted average risk free interest rates of 1.6% for Fiscal&#xd;
      2013
 2.5% for Fiscal 2012 and 2.8% for Fiscal 2011; and&#xd;
      expected dividend yield of 5.0% for Fiscal 2013
 5.3% for&#xd;
      Fiscal 2012 and 4.3% for Fiscal 2011.&amp;#160; The expected life&#xd;
      of stock options was estimated based on historical&#xd;
      experience.&amp;#160; The expected volatility was estimated based&#xd;
      on historical stock prices for a period consistent with the&#xd;
      expected life of stock options. &amp;#160;The risk free interest&#xd;
      rate was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity&#xd;
      interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life&#xd;
      of stock options. Forfeitures were estimated based on&#xd;
      historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3574&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      following is a summary of stock option activity for Fiscal&#xd;
      2013:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3575&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;of&#xd;
            Shares&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3576&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3577&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Price&#xd;
            &lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3578&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          512
620&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7.24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3581&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
000&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8.39&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3585&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (40
240&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5.95&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3588&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (32
570&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4.90&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3591&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            outstanding
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          441
810&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          6.86&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3594&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            exercisable
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          265
088&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5.63&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3598&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;_______________________________&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3599&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&#xd;
      Weighted average exercise price.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3601&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Stock-based&#xd;
      compensation expense was $230
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $290
000&#xd;
      for Fiscal 2012 and $446
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total fair&#xd;
      value of shares vested was $453
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $513
000&#xd;
      for Fiscal 2012 and $135
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total&#xd;
      intrinsic value for stock options exercised was $406
000 for&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013
 $758
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $799
000 for Fiscal&#xd;
      2011. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options&#xd;
      were $239
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $115
000 for Fiscal 2012 and&#xd;
      $209
000 for Fiscal 2011. Stock based income tax benefits&#xd;
      aggregated $92
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $295
000 for Fiscal 2012&#xd;
      and $921
000 for Fiscal 2011. The weighted average fair value&#xd;
      for stock options granted was $8.76 for Fiscal 2013
 $8.16&#xd;
      for Fiscal 2012 and $6.35 for Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3603&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013
 unrecognized compensation expense related&#xd;
      to the unvested portion of our stock options was $375
000
&#xd;
      which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average&#xd;
      period of 2.9 years. The weighted average remaining&#xd;
      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for&#xd;
      options outstanding as of April 27
 2013 was 4.5 years and&#xd;
      $3.4 million
 respectively. The weighted average remaining&#xd;
      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for&#xd;
      options exercisable as of April 27
 2013 was 3.6 years and&#xd;
      $2.4 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3604&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      have a stock purchase plan which provides for the purchase of&#xd;
      up to 1
536
000 shares of common stock by employees who (i)&#xd;
      have been employed for at least two years
 (ii) are not&#xd;
      part-time employees and (iii) are not owners of five percent&#xd;
      or more of our common stock. As of April 27
 2013
 no shares&#xd;
      have been issued under the plan.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3575&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;of&#xd;
            Shares&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3576&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3577&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Price&#xd;
            &lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3578&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            outstanding
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          512
620&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7.24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3581&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
000&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8.39&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3585&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (40
240&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5.95&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3588&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          (32
570&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          )&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4.90&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3591&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            outstanding
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          441
810&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          6.86&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3594&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Options&#xd;
            exercisable
 end of year&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          265
088&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          5.63&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5169&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5170&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5171&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PENSION&#xd;
            PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3611&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company contributes to certain pension plans under collective&#xd;
      bargaining agreements and to a discretionary profit sharing&#xd;
      plan. Total contributions (including contributions to&#xd;
      multi-employer plans reflected below) were $2.6 million for&#xd;
      Fiscal 2013
 $2.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $2.5 million&#xd;
      for Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3613&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company participates in various multi-employer defined&#xd;
      benefit pension plans covering certain employees whose&#xd;
      employment is covered under collective bargaining agreements.&#xd;
      Under the Pension Protection Act (&amp;#8220;PPA&amp;#8221;)
 if a&#xd;
      participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the&#xd;
      unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the&#xd;
      remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to&#xd;
      stop participating in the multi-employer plan
 the Company&#xd;
      could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability&#xd;
      based on the underfunded status of the plan.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3615&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Summarized&#xd;
      below is certain information regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s&#xd;
      participation in significant multi-employer pension plans&#xd;
      including the financial improvement plan or rehabilitation&#xd;
      plan status (&amp;#8220;FIP/RP Status&amp;#8221;). The most recent&#xd;
      PPA zone status available in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 is&#xd;
      for the plans&amp;#8217; years ending December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and&#xd;
      2010
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5184&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &amp;#160;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;321&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5185&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;PPA Zone Status&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5189&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Pension Fund&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5190&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5191&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5192&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;FIP/RP Status&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5193&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Surcharge&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Imposed&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 0pt&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5194&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Central States
 Southeast and&#xd;
            Southwest&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5195&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5196&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5197&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5198&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5199&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Areas Pension Plan (EIN no.&#xd;
            36-6044243)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5204&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;(the &amp;#8220;CSSS Fund&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5209&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters&#xd;
            Pension&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5210&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5211&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5212&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Not applicable&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5213&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5214&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;Trust Fund (EIN no. 91-6145047)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&quot; width=&quot;478&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA5219&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font size=&quot;+0&quot;&gt;(the &amp;#8220;WCT Fund&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;145&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;208&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td width=&quot;224&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3627&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;For&#xd;
      the plan years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2011 and&#xd;
      December&amp;#160;31
 2010
 respectively
 the Company was not&#xd;
      listed in the pension trust fund forms 5500 as providing more&#xd;
      than 5% of the total contributions for the plans. The&#xd;
      collective bargaining agreements covering the above pension&#xd;
      trust funds expire on October 18
 2016 for the CSSS Fund and&#xd;
      May 14
 2016 for the WCT Fund.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3629&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;The&#xd;
      Company&amp;#8217;s contributions for all multi-employer pension&#xd;
      plans for the last three fiscal years are as follow:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3630&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3634&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;u&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Pension&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3631&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3635&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3632&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3636&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3633&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3637&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3638&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;CSSS&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
051&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          944&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          897&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3642&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;WCT&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          471&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          455&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          612&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3646&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&#xd;
            multi-employer pension funds&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          262&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          244&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          224&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3650&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
784&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
643&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
733&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;10&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3630&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.1.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3634&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;u&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Pension&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3631&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3635&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3632&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3636&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3633&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3637&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3638&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;CSSS&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
051&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          944&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          897&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3642&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;WCT&#xd;
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          471&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          455&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          612&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3646&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Other&#xd;
            multi-employer pension funds&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          262&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          244&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          224&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3650&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
784&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
643&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          1
733&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5173&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5174&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS&#xd;
            AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3660&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      lease buildings
 machinery and equipment under various&#xd;
      non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various&#xd;
      dates through 2023. Certain of these leases contain scheduled&#xd;
      rent increases and/or renewal options. Contractual rent&#xd;
      increases are taken into account when calculating the minimum&#xd;
      lease payment and recognized on a straight-line basis over&#xd;
      the lease term. Rent expense under operating lease agreements&#xd;
      totaled approximately $8.9 million for Fiscal 2013
 $9.3&#xd;
      million for Fiscal 2012 and $10.0 million for Fiscal&#xd;
      2011.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3662&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Our&#xd;
      minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases&#xd;
      as of April 27
 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 80%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 10%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3665&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3666&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
742&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3668&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2015&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
423&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3670&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2016&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
016&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3672&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2017&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
636&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3674&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2018&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
361&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3676&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
257&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3678&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          20
435&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3682&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;As&#xd;
      of April 27
 2013
 we guaranteed the residual value of&#xd;
      certain leased equipment in the amount of $5.9 million. If&#xd;
      the proceeds from the sale of such equipment are less than&#xd;
      the balance required by the lease when the lease terminates&#xd;
      July 31
 2013
 the Company shall be required to pay the&#xd;
      difference up to such guaranteed amount. The Company expects&#xd;
      to have no loss on such guarantee.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3684&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;We&#xd;
      enter into various agreements with suppliers for the purchase&#xd;
      of raw materials
 the terms of which may include variable or&#xd;
      fixed pricing and minimum purchase quantities. As of April&#xd;
      27
 2013
 we had purchase commitments for raw materials of&#xd;
      $48.1 million for Fiscal 2014 and $6.0 million for Fiscal&#xd;
      2015.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3686&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;From&#xd;
      time to time
 we are a party to various litigation matters&#xd;
      arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect&#xd;
      the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material&#xd;
      adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or&#xd;
      results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 10%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3665&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.1.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3666&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2014&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
742&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3668&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2015&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
423&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3670&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2016&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          3
016&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3672&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2017&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
636&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3674&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2018&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          2
361&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3676&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          4
257&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3678&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Total&#xd;
            minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          20
435&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3680.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL5175&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5176&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p id=&quot;PARA5177&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;QUARTERLY&#xd;
            FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.lead.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.amt.D5&quot; colspan=&quot;14&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3696&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.trail.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3697&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3698&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3699&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D5&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3700&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3701&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3702&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            sales&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          182
849&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          166
568&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          144
723&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          167
867&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3707&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
            profit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          58
293&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          54
591&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          46
353&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          58
013&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3712&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
392&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          12
017&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8
414&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          12
097&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3717&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .31&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .18&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3722&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .31&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .18&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3729&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3730&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            sales&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          169
080&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          157
974&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          136
401&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          165
431&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3735&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
            profit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          61
074&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          54
103&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          45
235&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          52
845&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3740&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          13
435&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          11
123&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7
904&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          11
531&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3745&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .29&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .17&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .25&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3750&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .29&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .17&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .25&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.lead.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.amt.D5&quot; colspan=&quot;14&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3696&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;(In&#xd;
            thousands
 except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.1.trail.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D2&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3697&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D3&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3698&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D4&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3699&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D5&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3700&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3701&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3702&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            sales&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          182
849&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          166
568&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          144
723&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          167
867&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3707&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
            profit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          58
293&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          54
591&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          46
353&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          58
013&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3712&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          14
392&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          12
017&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          8
414&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          12
097&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3717&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .31&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .18&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3722&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .31&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .18&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .26&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table style=&quot;WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot;&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3729&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&#xd;
            2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3730&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            sales&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          169
080&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          157
974&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          136
401&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          165
431&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3735&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Gross&#xd;
            profit&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          61
074&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          54
103&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          45
235&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          52
845&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3740&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Net&#xd;
            income&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          13
435&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          11
123&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          7
904&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          11
531&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3745&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .29&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .17&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .25&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;tr id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;p style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&quot; id=&quot;PARA3750&quot;&gt;&#xd;
            &lt;font style=&quot;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&quot;&gt;Earnings&#xd;
            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&#xd;
          &lt;/p&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.2&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .29&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.2&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.3&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .24&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.3&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.4&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .17&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.4&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          &amp;#160;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          $&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.5&quot;&gt;&#xd;
          .25&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;td style=&quot;TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&quot; id=&quot;TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.5&quot; nowrap=&quot;nowrap&quot;&gt;&#xd;
        &lt;/td&gt;&#xd;
      &lt;/tr&gt;&#xd;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    



 $1 par value - 1
000



 $1 par value - 1
000



    



 $.01 par value - 75
000
000 shares authorized; 50
361
799 shares (2013) and 50
321



    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    






























    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    









    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    





    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    










    


    

    

    


    










    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    













    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    













    

    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    































 Intangible Assets












 Plant and Equipment







    






















    






    










    


    


    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    





    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    






    


    


    

    


    

    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    






    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    










    


    

    


    



    


    
















    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    

    

    

    

    



 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    







 Finished Goods




 Raw Materials



    



 Plant and Equipment







    






    


    


























    


    


    



 Common Stock




 Dividends
 Per Share



 Shares






 Value








 Dividend Rate














    





















    

    






    



 Fair Value


    






    










    


    


    


    























 Purchase Price of Common Stock



 Options
 Grants in Period




 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions


    



 Options
 Vested in Period




 Options
 Exercises in Period


    







 Options
 Grants in Period




 Nonvested Awards




 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized




 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding




 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable







 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants


    


    







 Net Investment in Leveraged Leases Disclosure











    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    






    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    





    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    

    

    

    




    




    





 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period






 Stock Options



 Nonvested Awards


    




    





 Fair Value Assumptions












    

    




    


 Net of Tax



 Options
 Grants in Period


    




    








 Plant and Equipment








    








 Plant








    





    

    

    


    





 Purchase Price of Common Stock



 Options
 Vested in Period



 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



 Fair Value Assumptions






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



 Dividend Rate



 Plant and Equipment









 Options
 Exercises in Period


    







    


    


 Options
 Grants in Period





    








 Options
 Outstanding



    


 Intangible Assets






 Fair Value



    





 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized












 Fair Value Assumptions


    


    


    




    




    


 Options
 Exercisable






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


    




    

    

    




    


 Common Stock


    

    








 Value



    





    




    

    











 Net Investment in Leveraged Leases Disclosure



 Options
 Outstanding












 Options
 Outstanding


    

    


 Plant and Equipment



    

    





 Finished Goods



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period





    

    








    










    





    


 Raw Materials









 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items














    

    


 Options
 Exercisable


    

    





    


 Value









 Dividends
 Per Share






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable



 Fair Value Assumptions





    





    


 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



    


    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 fizz20130702_10kimg008.gif

P``9@``F0``S```_P`K```K
P`K9@`KF0`K
MS``K_P!5``!5
P!59@!5F0!5S`!5_P````
P`9@`F0`S``_PJ``J
M
PJ9@JF0JS`J_P#5``#5
P#59@#5F0#5S`#5_P#_``#_
P#_9@#_F0#_
MS`#__S
``#
`
S
`9C
`F3
`S#
`_S
K`#
K
S
K9C
KF3
KS#
K_S-5`#-5
M
S-59C-5F3-5S#-5_S.``#.`
S.`9C.`F3.`S#.`_S.J`#.J
S.J9C.JF3.J
MS#.J_S/5`#/5
S/59C/5F3/5S#/5_S/_`#/_
S/_9C/_F3/_S#/__V8``&8`
M
V8`9F8`F68`S&8`_V8K`&8K
V8K9F8KF68KS&8K_V95`&95
V959F95F695
MS&95_V:``&:`
V:`9F:`F6:`S&:`_V:J`&:J
V:J9F:JF6:JS&:J_V;5`&;5
M
V;59F;5F6;5S&;5_V;_`&;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD``)D`
YD`9ID`F9D`
MS)D`_YDK`)DK
YDK9IDKF9DKS)DK_YE5`)E5
YE59IE5F9E5S)E5_YF``)F`
M
YF`9IF`F9F`S)F`_YFJ`)FJ
YFJ9IFJF9FJS)FJ_YG5`)G5
YG59IG5F9G5
MS)G5_YG_`)G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G__\P``
P`

P`_\PK`
PK
M

PK_\Q5`
Q5

Q5_\R``
R`

MS
R`_\RJ`
RJ

RJ_\S5`
S5

S5_\S_`
S_
M

S___\``/\`
_\`9O\`F?\`S/\`__\K`/\K
_\K9O\KF?\K
MS/\K__]5`/]5
_]59O]5F?]5S/]5__^``/^`
_^`9O^`F?^`S/^`__^J`/^J
M
_^J9O^JF?^JS/^J___5`/_5
__59O_5F?_5S/_5____`/__
___9O__F?__

&#


F3*%.J7

M
&/*G$FSILV;.'/JW
FSI\^?0(
*'4JTJ-&C2)



M@`
+'DRXL$9E-HDAYKM88N.ACPU+UDD


EQ`9)^-`XFA8TC0`##@



M
HCYUYAK!76WCW\&I7@H?H@.])AKE1*DF6G0I?C0I@75$X
!WB$TFAA^)C0:


6MD*`)2IJV@6WK`8
O((!$%)XD&?5GL:AFP:<)^YP#
K7




P__73W94SN0D0F!
M_FC0A/Z89WI$_JI
]J*CQF#R['[9=URK6@CZX!2U[;E
(#-CT9C2





M/&
@`X%'/]ZI)[*`;HH*E@Z6):X

Z
M^4E4
0]?(OR@'ODT0VW42X3*E(5I83*9E['@CW,79I$YL(CK!.*R#:NS#T


ML35


M

;6)G[P)*NO&E%FS?E1.


M6982ZZ





9

0`]J%N]P6
MN=W@
I
8'Z'`/3ZYJ09:KQE=NDX4VV`&=GV^HW*Z378BT4#Q.'(*C6[6E6[%
MP;'?E$;JXCG=K



488;'-[H5!W'




M@`^\X`=/^`P-R=D]VLRC-??HG
M+W+12O'0:#Q/-


MZ_(H@Y(BMA$X
K*:)#WZ9HI;(NN7)ZXO(8.;A%X24N*T!?V3(N+:1#C=&$
MVU-N/5@K32@L&G@=+01ZV]


M]N4AX/$8R


)F3&P3CB^!H6RM#?P(!&VA5

@R3AWS@ZVA11]%*(I115V%0&;C

@R5-!9B5O9Q

QS7$7/F


IA`(AOJ

:1@HO$;_\0CS+

MP]=


C.T:E%D)@(G

M


\F`0U0.*++
.(G!-3
M^L-_6\JB$*(BK!%/
EA
2/HH7.10T]0]K-*3BIJ%ESE(TM$8`(@9D?9CBU%0
M

.'GNFA4Z9Q;H24HKD(8BB:`V#J^_X@D4Y(G%








D6S(U2*



M=Y]W&E-8%D!7$@I




/MQJ



``.2`2!0CD
MWX[O!'\2\#X&.(``#H``)`&2L'N!1_QM0<'_*[P8`#.4`)FK`4T[Q'I\?



`_T
M#O#TFK`

Z':8#[P5R_Q^K`
/;_P)9\#F0#V-&$W$Q?6Q8
9:)H:ZT[V98_O




M`$R?!LN@#_]

M+5[$F%'C1HX=/7X$&5+D2)(8-:7)

!`APYTF@J&9.ALAO$E&4@&:?LA4U
ME1&#M@^`F)L`)NV;=)8&``1F1*3&57J5*I5K5[%FE7K5JX)E9W
L7*ERV71
MNH94QA3`4($XUZX]JLS`6C$##:Y5YO3@6;Y]_?X%'%CP8
+[P(9%(

ES
(;

M;=_&G7MC-&(H'R!0[9+8



ML$`##U1/$TUR2`V!!UI2`RH#

M
47!^$M`+!`UH1#!M&*(
9-
)3HQAQUC*@^%7\$,LBHHOEJ#,2&P/&$]T
M@,:=8GCK*+O8$DBMG/344@MM^1RHN?&$`L!$-
@1CX48X!-1V5@8PHS96*X

F$P/#%SR(2Q'WF:32%EFJIRDDD@0W.@&$AL



&@7)*&



F25HJ404ID&*+D$WE<\Y(#7I:$8N$0F=C`6@U7FJ)IB7-@^H#$U89KL
3
M^U!5HMZ4*%\*14JSF8_B[8

M*Z00(7HO8KRA02]BV$BS8R7.C&L%/R.&`5ZJ
Z2LQ4DF$ZE*K37.01E*I^=Y
M%-WL^=





`X.^B\B)/CX*WF^K]9A@+C)S`3B\'QYUP7X@TC

M@\I384VB5H9UXUZ6P%?%?N'0

-
MS+LPL3]-9B5S9[W*IHJ=WPOMDL#:1I
P



8


MNG8@,G=XCR[''0@MYK


W?P%20SMD_O




R&P3#/-0.['O$

#'%C4E!X$BD6TJSV3
MM&7




M_$I-0\2_;84R82YN*D#C!5NJJ^:$

MZ.N\VVH
29)-96!/#9F;
/+K<#'7R//RZ'*I#*?<3HJEP!
)OT8


M/B\JU$/ZBM$)B[@3DR0!!45)

MTJ*F+6AF/A0B/]S14B=L&@826)`OE_;/^IC5OAC/I4Q0YEXTS9BF31(TNQA
M9DAUA6R151[H+*I53Z3U0*=##V
%4/[E^QKITG4N1+-E^:)GK:1F3)QB-3K
M

M#`R=_Y-LHI








/)'_H)LS@V$AYZ7KLA



TV


MD4JP):9D'HTX38
YI5.7@(

:BD68HGVP0KJ!QWBYUJ`


MZ^82FO58E:CC

&MZ]I.E2








Y6XAA<<L!4T

M[J`


M9%J




M<VYGZ`B[X[[]E!

M4E









M&
1'&;QJ#16D$D#K.BG
PH4K

MZGVOPF0&L8


(:[)#

LXCXI]2+)M!EBB;+?$;/X3-`0


M2)SB'8O!Q3L&\8='?.(5ES@.




=



1(!D0\`O_@S%_^Z:=

M'/X'M.`*QM1#6I1.ML6A'JZ&S``/0J`3&J39'@YB:K`7(1ZB?Q##7R$B(S:B

8I2@
MHE2H8G;LDD4XE5SUR/7@@+EADBV`#)XE!LV%``D([8HD
@Q3``VS`F!#!J

V0V88H#\GK]I2@QT
MA#X!2R7M@R;``
]8R(OQCJMB)F]H7X]3;V8VS5%@UAIC5#QC0D8X8X3)DH

PR#=8H50LTL!)=!
6OO(5(ED@FU20NWN

2(
MQ$HK`4`U9HC
A!A27DHIJ44T$$1:-LA:&D@:Q0`
!!5!P
`L!DAN82-328)`
M+`2^$
1)+%9)[D

E(;
IE102.+@)5%




M/I6CKO\HIYPH0P#DHGQP2H4&ZD'`3I!5:#OUD6_98V:(@;:L15MD47U=R3`$



?$B$E69'-!MXKLB(I
'
ZHNW)L2`
M[H

MT$



E`,!0WAG5:F@Z



7%!
!=#DA4084S]F23
MZLKM_F[QCET8T.[848U`.D@M;2W


!`R3:3I
0%MFPN6KCO4-1+)FDH[LF
5UIH0N0:N!7FW4UC
MBBA#R-42
1Q`
TD
7`6K4&'6YRI5PSZ(`2MLD9W=K#0$+`X#W*9O.QUPB\P7

M2A[:R$G\V19?(B
WLB
_
B1'LB1/
B57LB4CHC*P\24;F5#QEB88XD%$`W.X
M11CX*E%8[:$


]/$R^10/`026:+M+3M+3&_+!C


RU!&@
MD(X8

MZ\K&[)
_Z\I[[A

'UK]%%D3D
\@!=
MM.[
--/N8HE5MMC1'/?)

MA;U(7[&;7Y9%C\%&;F7$/K'V'NT%MDE8CLS3?Y4TQZ;TQI(30S1E.
)+^^Y3
MQT*



Q67NN7;L
XCJJ%B__8OFT+[L'/A3N
H0XO@#T.C=N18`]#-
!%


?`
-3_`[;U5$/TI$$DTD*H`@H-ZF\`?_43?VD_^@A^74

7R98REDXQV\;*A3.A03:?
MXV)U.;9Y.MFE]#P8IK#^&4L5CJ%01HL1*B:
[#TKQDL=.:=EAY[O.0J5
MBPG!4.?(#;3P!Z*K!6OH;X

M

)#O$3H1P]M=P^I

W-UH'XJM8
RQW[K0II

(

/42!S=8N)]P]+W?_SW@]SU(W!4`2%7PD#DNJ=%_U?`P/&5%

U0IP95175J!STU```/3B^[2/[(@W\/A1\[;,/0&@
&G?/C$``&3:

ER(E3E6'4

M%`A5!EX]3+D23-38!5G;PA8QD'O()IA#[D^+'B0JT2.$@2KA=MZ5&B64VC
MQ+POLB1E*G$
R\3W;6W;MW&_A1%`7U6[F32%2:


@(3<3.$<L2QH.3VR4FA&%0XR``AB=EQQ'J\+.@&K_HZ
M:9_M$$JC-QC9;-.L96+PJBIB#$`H#.6:-)
SM)C424DQQHHFB97$#(^`2)


%_C4@`#L_
`
end







begin 644 a3.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0`L17AI9@``34T`*@````@``0$Q``(`

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L`0P$'`@*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\``$0@!C`)Q`P$B``(1`0,1`?_$
M`!\```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@,$!08'`D*__$`+40``(!`P,!`
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M`@
1!`4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:``P#`0`$0,1`#\`^D:***`

M;*XBGC_O1N&'Z5Y?X\*:?KVG7EUJT;NJ2!$99N.




[[JY$NX_Q;





'A7FK<UM/-G4T$A02Q``Y)/:B







Y^5(#*#]%S7A-N+JRCM=<3/%T0I_P!M<
?S
MS1@\$L2I-NUMO-CS+

*=!)`&KV



`1


;_P#.?%3_H==-_\`
M`$?_`!-;_A+2_&&GW=RWBW7K75(70%(+<1E&SR2<#/%=314RK2DK-+[D-02


M/#2A&M&4]DSFQT*E3#3A25Y-67S.(T'P/JNIZ!!-'K36MI=`N;=0V
$XY`(!

5

'^=.^)NMPQ:4FD0N'N9W5I$4Y*H.1GW)Q3;CX7QI
M=M-I.JSV:MT3;DJ/0


D]TSRX[9;Y?ZG\!7L.I6*ZEI=S92
46XC:
L!DC





M]VU8P=O&
`YJQH/@3^Q=8BOFU:XNO+#`1LN`21CGDTZN(@Z$84ZK5HVM9ZL5

MR7+6S0
Q#*@;(.





SVT(1H\G(0G.0/KCI3Q\+I



`1_P#$

'OB<E


C/8\

O/4<&L#PQHUQXJM]2O-1U







M)UCQGJGACX\70N]5G72?.03P.Y:





#W-;D=]:2K&8K

MY?Y'
W_A2Z7Q=8ZUHTL
(C54N$D)&]1QQ@=UX_`5/IWANZM_'&H:Y=RQ/'
F





5)1

M^TC'KZXS@CI7H/P%\$-HOAV3Q!J=N%OM3`







`G#


'_`(H^(-,\2Z7XBM[;Q)=6DF/-^5L@8)!#<XZ8]*[/6_B
+A/M07<8N^*M5YUK&H4444`%%%%`%/5=3M=&TNXU_D\NWMT+NW]

WI+<71.YU'4

M&`




\G''M6OUNBYR






M1G.
`=






M6_9/IJ1)\VJ.%NH-1^%WQ+5EC):QG




T^;TW^9VVC_``B\)^'=





/92I/ZI?'6J0Z9\0O4


:_@L8[1!A`L




[-T[[R=[+S/2+_4K/3+4W-_<1P0CC<YZGT'K5



:_

4L
?F2*[8VKZFDTO7=
UI9#IEVEQY


9/0]_J:RK^.[U7XA26FGV5O=Q:3$$AM+A]L84



M

VFTW[4R*#OY`A4A50+GD







&

9]&T[^T+QV11&01H?

B:!)\![_P`1^*K-;C6=1N)C:7;,3<3S%ML84]_F
M!X],U[#X@^'NGZO\.#X1M)'M+:*-%MI3(8V0Y4G)R1GK]:Y3P/\%I=#O+2X


G=I(****@ZCF];^'WA;Q#.T^J:/!).WWIH\QN?J5(S^-
M4M/^$_@O3IEFBT2.9U.0;AVE`_!B1^E=C16BJU$K*3MZBY5V/GDV3_%;XOW%
MC+




MI(;B1AU

M%Y
S



6VGMXZO(]%B1+#1+%




PK@[+Q+?:I\
M2+69+F=+:X





MT(QC*C%62BBBD4%%%%`!7DGQ2^#5OXD675_UO%!K4DH:=&DV1W]SC&`W


^Q(S^M=E\1--N;WX5ZUIMF[W%T+$XSR\FW!/XD`_G7

_@S#X1U

?:O$YO'%G-$,^%]/$WR[G$D@4XZ_*
9K9
M\.^(_!MY;LOB;38[*X
NV

MTSUJ;Q%ISPSK8W]E-=)&QCC:=0&;'`)^N*\!\.:#J_B[XE)K'Q
N84M;1C(T
M4UPA1R#\L4:@GY

M\@`L448]3BGP37B6GG7\**X7)AM\R$'V/&?RK.LO&GAZ]C=EUK3UV'D&Y48'

UC&D^;EG[J[M


M

MVOLBZDW3S*?X&=BQ7\



M&&WL






M=L=:[](HXMWEQJFX[FVKC)]33ZX9XAM.
%9/7YFBCU90TK0]+T.`PZ/I]O91





TS1[80`NW.X]S_=QFO4;N[@L+.:ZNY5B@A0O([=%`ZF
MO+?$'B76?&/AFZDL+6.QT.XGCM(GF4M-=LT@7Y1T4=^_3%53FZKNXZ7O?^M[

YS^


M[-/\&FG;S.'UVS@\*:KX6W_ZNT0M*P_B8

MO6%II



MQ


-I.XS_
M`*MKAMO^/ZUVU%;K%5TK*;^\YGA
.W=P7W(XJ]^$WA*[`V6
EJ0
9@F89_/-




MT?\`6V?_0/U?_P6S?\`Q-'LY]@YD;M%87_6V?_`$#]7_\`!;-_\31_PEMG


M6%_PEMG_`-`_5_\`P6S?_$T?\);9_P#0/U?_`

M?_P6S?\`Q-'_``EMG_T#]7_\%LW_`
31[.?8.9&[16%_PEMG_P!`_5__``6S

MU?\`\%LW_P`31[.?8.9&[16%_P`);9_]`_5__!;-_P#$T?\`6V?_0/U?_P6
MS?\`Q-'LY]@YD;M%87_6V?_`$#]7_\`!;-_\31_PEMG_P!`_5__``6S?_$T


MP6S?_$T?\);9_P#0/U?_`

MG_T#]7_\%LW_`
31[.?8.9&[16%_PEMG_P!`_5__``6S?_$T?\);9_\`0/U?


M_P#0/U?_`

M6V?_`$#]7_\`!;-_\31[.?8.9&[16%_PEMG_`-`_5_\`P6S?_$T?\);9_P#0
M/U?_`

31
M[.?8.9&[16%_PEMG_P!`_5__``6S?_$T?\);9_\`0/U?_P`%LW_Q-'LY]@YD

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


M]Q-@3Y#SM]/Q-53@Y/17.?$UX4X-.5FUH1?_7_`!3XIL9)YM61_*O@T_GQ





M'DY^5\O1V^+T_P#8[FBN'\+^(M5N/%4^CWEY;ZID9?[5;H`%/'&1QWQ72Z







)M5/GWE](92[\D
MDG/_`-?\1Z5!\1_^LZY\0]-O&4-IL12.
=Q@[C]23_2N^G%1DH):]?Z_
\&
MOSU:?MYWWT1ZW;2F:UBE/5T#'\14M1P1^1;1Q9^X@7\A4*:E8S12R17MO(D.
M?




4,^8_]YN<5M%/24;K\
MK?UL<DH2Y^6#O^3]#+\#:/:7_A?Q,USK2Q6I:-R.5(7-=G\$W;^QM1B).%G
1T[]N:UK6Z@O;2*ZLYDG@F4/'+&VY74]".HKE]\'BTDD3




M'&BV^?



M$?TH6-PSTYU]X&E156/4K*;_`%=U$3Z;Q5D
&&5((]171&I?PNXT4458!0
M3@45Y1\7O$NHSWUAX(\-N1?ZICSV0X*H3@+GL#@DGT'O6M*FZL^5$RERJYM:








\8_$J;5=1L_%EW86L=T55&FD(PV6`4*1@`$53*6?A'Q[XXC

_0%5_]!%6X*A!R

M[XHMU+6_CVZ4`9Y

MX;U2[M#E+=;B


R1CJY`
MX'XTV^O(M/L)[RXSY4$9D;'7`&:Y!/B9:2)OBT?4G7L4C!!_6MZ5K57--T
MCDQ&+H4'RU)6;





M


M=7K?6XHY:IT8T_:\W(]-$TK:6:Z


M9Z3'IUQ/]I`+3KPD8)(].V

XK;L]%9=

MCG&!TP:]'ILLBPPO(YPJ*6/T%90QC24'&ZM:WSN;U
NC*3J*;4N;FOIVM;[C


ML/6MKP_J_B:]\=2:'K/B&\40^8F&(4
1ZX'ISD=Z]$^'W@^#PYHL4CH&NI1N


MQNO[





`:R3JFH-+YC7]T9/-$VXS-GS`
!\Y^\!QGK6


M/L:X


I#PU
)[./

MIY/A/X.-G!-_PCS2F9=Q\E


M^^\!:9JNJ:.DLTT2!RBY+

;$[LG&P



RT6^@'16OC[Q39X\K


TZ\:\'K_;O[0_B/49_G_LY'CBSVP5C'Z!OSKV6O'/AB?LOQH\


!_LI$2?Z5S

\44I59!YJ#Y@.O!-
M_P#:)GQ:Z##_``^9
@FK2E)C_'D<D?P&NTG1DE338-ZL
M




B5LY!_O`9&.XI_Q

MTRB7)_\`0L?C77[:-3V2[:OY?\

M0-TSC

V\#:


MI;^-=#T%-2FE$


MM^*/$*17\D=MC16^1E8FS@-CVVD_C1X9\/:S8^)M4U75U66=XB(Y`PQ(YP3
M@=@

\/ZCIF@ZD+Z
^N
MR?Z;G/?VW8:)=WLGW[JX//J%'^)-4;)85^
MTUF`D
4;M-MX`.P;OU(_&GZ








M0$G.!6U7C5FG4E9WUWV/IL*FJ$%)6=MKWM\PHHHK(Z`KQWQ?&L?QHLIK[BW;

&7&?D)ZUR_C/1M
\16BR3%HY81Q/M*@#W-8Q
MQN'I3O*HE;S.+



MW3H1A0A;)]AC'X\UHL3AZ;4I5HKYIOY)'GUI8_%Q=*-!Q75O^D5?`)O_`!#J
M]Q_;22S6



M_POX?,]'9=##TTZS3:ZFS]NMK9/+T^!6'^P-J?GWKEM3\9VR:K_9]PUQ(Z
MS)#-Y



TM%%4(****`*\UA:3_ZZWB?W*C-5)?#VFRC!


M')6_Y_3^_P#X`'AZ?LZ:4.KW7_@2/_B:L1_L[Z(IY$Q^MV?Z+7M%%'LZKWJS



C/X`5@_%
MWQII'BW6-*N?#ETTWV2)]S&-DVMN!'!'M7T#IWAG1=*TV.PL-


3P
MKXWT/QEH












M_A%#_P!!_6__``

M_P#L:/\`A%#_`-!_6_\`P
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10
M_P#0?UO_`

_P#L
M:/\`A%#_`-!_6_\`P
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10_P#0
M?UO_`

_P#L:/\`
MA%#_`-!_6_\`P
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10_P#0?UO_
M`

_P#L:/\`A%#_
M`-!_6_\`P
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10_P#0?UO_`
#/

_P#L:/\`A%#_`-!_
M6_\`P
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10_P#0?UO_`
#/_L:+


_P#L:/\`A%#_`-!_6_\`
MP
_^QHM'N%WV-^BL#_A%#_T'];_\#/\`[&C_`(10_P#0?UO_`
#/_L:+1[A=



M\-

RR?WCZ
M?05J5RTL*YOVN(UEVZ(B

H.U$]N.]1:/XUB
0R#Y2?=?\*;K7
MBR'2)A:QQ&YN%`W_`#85?J?6I=\4P:S
;=XC;W&
A2V0P]C7MU*N%K3]C.S


M927FH3I;V\0RTCG@?XGVK#'BV:9E-KH.H/$_W9)VBMRX]561PQ_*@#I**KV5

X-`%ZBJ5IK.F7\QBL=1M+F0=4AG5S^0-7&954LQ``ZDF@!:*



F]_P*IYI*I4?+#W%?77IUVM;YW.[;4+
M)%1FNX`)&V(3(/F;T'J:6XOK2T95NKJ&!G^Z))`I;Z9KSSP7X3LI=`AUK5O,
ME,3&:


M$YK@](L(?''BS5+W6-TMI:-Y4
BK<P/($2:-G9=P4,2/7'I4<E_9Q1/+)=0I&C;6=I``I
QZO%-'-
M$LD
BR1L

K8XR/KBO/;;4KK1_A.


H:^NX+8'H9I`N?SK$O?%UG+9R1:3+(U
M[(`D&^UDAR<`G*XP


M(%S^=


MXRNKR/5M$LEN88'DM=2C@
JV.%D`ZH3C_/2?5/C?X;T[46MM2\6:E=7-MD

VC6-VVIO?V]ZC/;W4=



M^'I8?THUJS]YZZ_H3

P_-3^!_
MG6QH?B.UUL
'/'/ACQ;+/%
MX;UJUU6WYDCB;YE'K@X)'N.*W*-^BBB@`HHHH`*R=9\0V^DRQVRPS7M]









M+\:2[D\5:-/'8AYD:*VDC\N780




^./$DWAW2HFL








DVHJ2N]M5J:-%%%9FQ'<3Q6MM)/<.(XHE+N[=
M%`&2:\-^*/Q.M/#<=O<:K:?VEJ%ZOG6&DRL5AMH<_+),!]YFZX/2O0/'?B.Q
ML+.Z;49`-+TN,76HX/\`K6_Y96X]2QP2/3'K7Q?XCUW4_'/B^[U6\#2W=[+E
M8UY+T51Z`#`HV&DY.RW.WC^
'Q0\177E:#=O`J\+;:;:HBKZ#&*T8/$'QXN

MHKT?Q)X*@MHH;9O%/BC;+NDGEEUB4)!`@S([8QVX`]3[5FG*6J.NI&C2ER--
MM;ZV5^VSVV/-4\6_$3X;Z=%K_P`0=;FF$Y






MQEJ]DUP8'6#3;)EYO+MSB*(#OD_

JBY9@.^.GU)]J4]N7N7A5:3JMVC'?S[+Y_E=]#A_B%XU^(_

M)
GYH4CCC'4GD`#\37H^EZCXA\86MMX+L_$4NJ^7
KZ[KEG\J6T2\_9TF7&^


'\*K?%/




M_'OC`^.(?#/@
21:DB-FC13+-)LW.!NX``S^1J:ZF_:&6TE-U_:PAVG?E8,
M8[U'I*PZ5^UWL[Q6\4%T0[LX51_HIYR?4_GFO;?BYJT&J_#N^TG0=8LA?7N
MU8W6\5=H5@Q^8'CIC\:F

Q/RI#@GH


MNM6MK=`[0VNM



M





MZKIKZ9::=T6CZ;.5,T9?B2XFV\1@`H49VJ

M0SXF_P#0W+_X/E_^+KZ2\

.T12/Q`K3HY+O5W#V]DU*C?


MX&U2.]?7]48]$TJ*^%[%IEFEV


Y/F7MR60'^[D[?PR
MPKJ]3\-Z-X?\&7KBRBEE2V(:609:1^Q/_`L&M?4O#%GJFI:?=S/(@L#%F`
MAP01D8]A5[5=-AUC2Y[ZW*=<$J<$=P1^-83QBER)-I7;?S?^1U4LME#VCD
MDWRJ,;^2_[.4\#^'K7_`(1*&\





*:
MBXK5W37G=6UND=([B.-G8X502?I7!?#93=7&M:O+_P`MY\!C]2Q_F*[FY@%U

MK6H:A&)[:&8A(V^ZQR0





M/2I86JL9[51Y8VUU3O965M+JW4TZ1@2IVG!QP2*6BO./:/(_&VB6.LZ._AO4

-XO&'BP
M6VCJ(MTL?9=.@3[I4=7QZL?TQ7U5XPMXU_M.UO-)UW5_PV+8P&;2X5Q:P]
M-@)=<$G+'UKS/1_AA!9S*WASX;W\LPX6Z\1WT4$2'U*1EG;Z<5%K/1'4I^TC
MRU)V2Z)?IHOO9YSX)^'&CR^'H=3\9PZDS7]R+73[/3D#7%Q)C)J2!M4#+$]
M










M*N/+M-!TNTCN#=11WOV@W+M&5BR/+'MSUKE/WA/XI:?J]I-XIU.;4X(Y-T


MQV[-E4V&/DJ





^&Y+CP[HUG'K





MN/'_`(K(##XL^'
@C2)


MYK_PL'Q4.OQ:\-C_`+A

M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%


01[!O\`&NQHKFK8:E7^-:]^I$H*6YQ(UOQ/
MIGRWU@;A1QO



M+9YH`NZSXNU:YU6[EL_B9%%:R3

M)X([N2UM;]7N$60
(=TPV@
1@C(SGO4D7BF748+/2O!&L7&OZU!IC:/I0L-.
MEM&M(G9-TUQ(QP&58P/EP

M*RU'4I;Q+UKM_$MGI#FQMW:



]Z^FBSN(&O&BDFMI'1'9\8DJ




MI&C6K^8MC$22S

MM+5((]B11AR6+$9Z]\8XR:^F:0PHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB


M#;Q1MTRB`&I&4






:)'`Z8_6NBHJ)S@U90M\V-1DGJPHHHK$L_]D_
`
end







begin 644 a2.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0`L17AI9@``34T`*@````@``0$Q``(`

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L`0P$'`@*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\``$0@`^`)?`P$B``(1`0,1`?_$
M`!\```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@,$!08'`D*__$`+40``(!`P,!`
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M`@
1!`4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3


5?^A-TK_P/'^-7]7E_
OO0O:+L_N/1
MJ*\Y_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH^KR_F7WH/:+L_N/1
MJ*\Y_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH^KR_F7WH/:+L_N/1
MJ*\Y_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH^KR_F7WH/:+L_N/1
MJ*\Y_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH^KR_F7WH/:+L_N/1
MJ*\Y_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH_M_XJ_\`0FZ5_P!X_QH^KR_F7WH/:+L_N/1




KQ6\4D@

MMH[;ZV_4[3Q5XH_L'08+^TC29KAU$8D)`P1G/Y5S\_CGQ+8V45]?:#$EG)M*


M(FFVUN
R@0JV/4N3_*K7BQ5U?XF:3IK#='$%WK]26/Z`5T+#T95*=1QLG%MK


);2SW`2@G<Q#;1[<\UROA*[/ACQ9K&F7!P@21ESW*993^*YK3^%D


M7^@1VT+-M5I0PY[#KUJUIOBOQ9J$MJR^'T^S3LO[[#;0A/WLY]*J?%:Y:1M



MXAM_$.CB^A4Q%25EC8YV


MJ=Q.ND:)'=1Q-_!N)`).



?\`$W^*FH7WWDA
K*?QV#]*


?



W4G!QP








M6481V6B?VGY_Y'5B:F






M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7

GMY!*L8ZN


MKNLZ38:3)8/#=7K^9*B1L%5=V$4G\

M1G7;C:VRV_K0XJ+X6Z((D\Z6[:0*-S0`$]\
M'!VOQS]*]


MC..51C2ITU+6
N:]MSRGQ5=SQ?$E;UK&XN8;(Q[55#\V!G@X]34FM:CK?COR


MAK4+C7)/$?B)EPY+11,,')XW$=@!P!3-MY[_XJZEJ$T
BQ6X=49T(!Z(
$



#\:].Q1BK6/?LX4
MY1NHO[[;&



INZDFK=KEO)\
O9N



].F


:]XGC



M




M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB





M8+7P\B



:!1110`4444`%%%%`!17)_$+Q4OAGPW(\$H6





M_#8LY;R(WY2


MVM/'8:4?AE!1^5G_`


***JO9R-
MJT5X+N=8TA:








M=SS6\\



:TU1Q8F`@K)*[`DKO)VHA16!.?3G&/&_$6

-SNPF`K8N[@M%NWL


M


+
MF

5[

MX
UFSM==NDU;2+V-GMKN^B17AE3EHV(`!!4Y!XS@BNG\)^-?^$*^`EYJ-C#!



MTZ5X5

M-SD`^PS]:Z;X

MI-%&0.M4X=6TZZ:5;:_M9C91'
K%`/7!XKS+
ZBS+YGE/Y.T2;3LW]
]LX
M[5XY\1=(\7VGA&_U;Q#XQ`B10B6&G6YACD+
%DYR1SWSTK.U;XF^+/&WBEM
M%^':FWMPQSJHWNH.#(S-PB^G?\`E6;X_P#$VJW_`
)M&M-
M!



MPPDN7&(H%/S
?\*\$U'4=5










MLFM9-O!61?NR#WV






ET!/.






<!01G&:BEMM\1V]OIUMH1M+FQE
M;^U;QKV6<3.0B1%V.`1\S'&1TK1V4I2;5NIQ4_:2P]*A3A)24FXO:SW\[I=






\
MTTF\07/DD6]PR#++')_$0


@)7ZCJ/QK/USP#X8\1;FU71[9Y6ZSQ
=YBH[[5K^KFI4^*%KX0UC1?!FG


QE.7.W'R







M(MC*Z^S)AQ^JUZI\._%]M;Z(^BW%V;RVMTQ:.0?/2
G`CD7&/ES@
#R/I7EW


=[6;OM



7-X65[Q@([:'/+2
#C/L
$GV'O7A?PI\!/XWUY[W5@




=O@R\A4$9`&`!QDD=LUR?PX\0Z
MVWC7Q-X9\3W_`-NNK.03Q2X``0X!CL.5..V372:G:1+\2M!OB#YK6=W;YSQ

:
#ZA=K#\P:S[D1ZWXJ





MY`R3VQ7+7?C#QA\6M072=
T][;13)FX2!BH:







````#C`%8MQ8RW7@

+(D4
L1CE5`0P=E.0

220)XAO[AA-']Y51A&A'K@Q9QWKL
M/AY\//\`A5O[F]U'^TM2U`H)IQ#Y2*B`A$5<G'WB2<\DUM3HJ+C)'E8W-IU
MX5J

MA_1(_G@LXK.




#6DF_T9R\3PR%&7(P1G

6HGBNNP#Q-JT'@;P7


MT02C)SZ[+R[GI?76L&L-!6U;?GV^Y'A7Q

EO\1KV2-F1QL967@CCJ*CT_39





_0X(_6KBV.D_








S^=O,\FLO$
MWB708I%@U2[UK3G0QW.E:E+YPFB(PRI(?F5L$XY(]17*:-=-J'@N6/2YW$L
M26\

MIW5Q#;V5W=


#Y:X#2+NTM_#C





M%FO'4CD$Y8?H!63\



6M/EY


@****`

MS*I&#Y+





Q_*0!@`$_
*]*O&-5^W6S6OK8S6FAWEWX5T74


L?B:YL]

M[\)MDF50



M*B.69RJ&




M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`1T61&1U#*PP589!'I0JJBA4`50
``


8Q@5ZS10!R&E^8[5HY#'#:,F_$D1\VX^=B[?O6`Y9F/RJ.I

MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
PJ_P`K^YBYX=SL:*X[_A;/





M6SX%_PADM/R;_C_A;/@7_H9+3\F_PH]A5_E?W

M_)O\*/\`A;/@7_H9+3\F_P`*/85?Y7]S#GAW.QHKCO\`A;/@7_H9+3\F_P`*



MO^%L^!?^ADM/R;_C_A;/@7_`*&2T_)O\*/85?Y7]S#GAW.QHKCO^%L^!?\`
MH9+3\F_PH_X6SX%_Z&2T_)O\*/85?Y7]S#GAW.QHKCO^%L^!?^ADM/R;_C_

M_H9+3\F_PH]A5_E?W

MH]A5_E?W





MO\*/^%L^!?\`H9+3\F_PH]A5_E?W

M@7_H9+3\F_PH]A5_E?W


@_E42ISA\2:&I)[
M
AO=
'_^@%IO_@)'
M_A1_PBWA_P#Z`6F_^`D?^%%%'/+N'*NP?\(MX?\`^@%IO_@)'_A1_P`(MX?_
'_^@%IO_@)'_A1_PBWA_P#Z`6F_^`D?^%%%'/+N'*NP?\(M
'_^@%IO_@)'_A1_PBWA_P#Z




'_^@%IO_@)'
M_A1_PBWA_P#Z`6F_^`D?^%%%'/+N'*NP?\(MX?\`^@%IO_@)'_A1_P`(MX?_
'_^@%IO_@)'_A1_PBWA_P#Z`6F_^`D?^%%%'/+N'*NP?\(M
'_^@%IO_@)'_A1_PBWA_P#Z




M0H5#Q`,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L`0P$'`@*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\``$0@`\0+C`P$B``(1`0
1`?_$
M`!\```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@
$!08'`D*__$`+40``(!`P


!`0$!
M`0$!`0$````````!`@

1`#\`^D:***0!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110



;$9QG!+?TKU[P?XUTGQMI1O-(=PT9`F@E`#Q'W
MQ_.J$=#1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!



&N:\V)A_Q\[JO:1@:
MBF&SP?Y5)6CV.BHHHH$%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`9GB28V_A;5)@SJ4M)



MN;6XRQJE_+-)Y1-NY4D/(BD&4]



QQM]Z-ER
M&Y]#D?K51TTL(E^/E]+%X8T^QCFV1W5SF90?O*N
9]LD5YAI6IZOJNE2Z3H]

MXDO=1U!8;G







X)ZGSV-Q\Z-9
MPT_KYG5W'BK1C


MN)H]/E9



M


GB+Q

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KQ



MYKU;X4/HTG@='\.1SP6;7$A\BX'SPOQN4^N/45Y'H&F+86#&9]Q*D9KU#X+C
M'@67M_I\Q_E713DV[
,K5:<DH'BNMR/E..U+P+<SR-+/K6XN3E5AX'ZUBR?#BW:0*US'*2V,-;
MCO\`C7=ZQJUKI]LUQ?7Q0IQDG]`.YK$T?49==$ER+1H++.(FE/S2^^.PKQ5




M%ODGM9-CCKZ
/0U
L89


9YY]_PKSJY
MF%V56&(8!.7VG)]LYI&BNO)=RS[9#A^
CK::.IOOB'++
SVDM_$

]^/YUQVT@D$''U[T1AFR%4''S


@V
P^\`3R/Q&.
M*3+C%RV.EMO&6JQ7L(:^8QAQG*8../3&.]=0ETF&D4@O)F0+ZYY`KSLJK1[T
=E&J












[*9

`<]*^E_@$2?A;3U^TR?TK6E!I\TCS<QQ<:\5/34[7Q/:^\.W-OG

M;Q;]M91YL5H`3[EC@_D#7%B9*-=*6NA\]5C&W


D[MC/3+&L=+VQ6WD$CSI)V4
0#^E
^)Q&)J2KM

AM2RE#WHR;^[_(Q1(WGKEN



62RC4`%#
-WJ#V_F?RKC;Q_*OHR@7




M;Y6D2(B%-W#*!D@8].37%)-:H]FE*
U[.I\GV_X!H7&PL'6W5$;)'&1[CZTR
M+$$ZLHB+H05RH8`^X/!J%)!CKS378G(4#/3K4\^EP6'FZGLWO_6IU&A^*--T
MJVEM;[1HKGSE.VY0JC@@@GEE([$?B147B3Q'H.H73Z3H6$K\RB-_D8\=!V




_+W5AV_&G6

M3_=%84L':J[[?U_3*GB+TTA$C?S5N%G\@HA:






&1;Q$`'T//X^G
M6L9:LZI7]B[]CZ+HHHK4^5BBB@`HHHH`****`&R'$3GT4U\\F\6**8+U)//
MXU]7&3;2XZ[#C\J^?+7P[J5Q(R&TN2C


*)_]4D*@CV!S_Z%7MWB(XT*<_3^8KQ:Z\#7!UXU?2[




MVLL9!3TR



MVHSP[H^KZMJ*6VFZ=(\T@RJ

%@.3@YKZN\'V$FE^#]-LIDD22&$!EE4!E.2




9KYRM.IBJC1Z4%A[.
N
M]-LT8@1%

J1]:Z'75$-P4[BL1S@UPKF4K7.^.JN&G6MIYPS&

MBS*.L;KP?PKS*XD:9XRRY7@BOTG`3A4HIQ9^69O&=+$-R1VFCE2J\YS6K=
M*K6DV1_`?Y5P%KX@N+3'EB


OPVTACU'3WC:YP

X_=IZ?4]_R]:QY=;G8\3)TO9]


=QVY
MKKO$4$NKWMNB2*MMWEQ%'&Z1R1N8#N.,`FH;2UA\VYBCAC:69&+W$QB'`W




1J.B`'[S

MTZG;7RW4%G;ZE97
-Q:-(4%W87`=`^.%++T.


MP/XJQO&






%I;)`
M!=*=IRN5SQ72IU)1OS_@...C:\J=OG_P#W:;QH(C]RV/UFQ_2J;?$FTA?$ZV
MH]=MT,_RKQ(K</`+<IVUB1M0<FLU;&ZFNE2PLWNIL$B.*/<Q`Y)P/2B#K2E

MS7


/X9KRN#3(G0M.I+



M/^%5_:%3^5$QR?R:7.]?0[Y_BCI8.%FM_Q8TP_%QS@2VQ/IEJ\NUC2UL70


&M&\/B7Q*Z*H)NR6<J&95#$GCN#6R+J!IT2'48W^T^;*6-L
MI''('&W:#SZ5AR+<V_BS7)6B











M?[`[M_A[UU!(4$DX`Y)KPCQ!JCZ_XJNKEB3$K;(QZ*.!7/B*OLX:;L]3+
&L
M56M+X5J_\A=(L9+F4%R6+'+


5=GOU'RI'0:+

X

1WJ*;7`R[3
2!V)K@H5*M#F26K/!JX=5;7Z&AJ

M
CZUS)F&[.:OZ/


NWO-.#_Z3'*P]N*T3J/AH

M2;^+\4?.QP52
?@_\E?^1PT][$TA
*E5[`\XJS87FG9/]H+




5CV4;.3
0?(;32OLKH\:JN$A9CA`@(Z@\C)QDTHRN.I2Y))/163OY=S+UZ'6M$T72M(
MDN((_PVX5NI[&W@5'.9/W8<@<C@%1GM71:?)=6T5AH<NI6=R/M*A5AC&RV
MYSF3;DDD\@9'%9NK7]CJ^OP^)+B^?^UA;1Q/8M;D+YZH$#QL/E$8^]M.#QS







@G


(T^=W9




MW1\NW:?I7

M&[6QIZK9VT%G'/%=%V7;M+-D-]/2E2WDDT?^U'B(LRY0R'H&[BLE=)DOI(X-

MMWLDCSL;BHT8PC\3;^=O3\CCK.X`M%D`*^4VT
1QGJ!GUQ7N7A+57UGPU;74
MV?

MYUV8-VJ.



M=O+TPAEM86D4

X;'!_
ULVLUK=V\


G-=+86VH:9\'



UQ=S/*OED!8T5@H

M8K:-

\U/X9F1_'FA;]N];U2SD]@#_A6$TO:/E=T=R4OJJYUK


3^2UQ&N7L=_JUW
M=0#*22_(2.H`QG]*R/MT\



)+:*_'_



$!.


MVEPL;G?]YCG\Z]\\2:7)K&@7-E`P61PN[H2#G%?.7BRPU'PUK1CO8BJN@(
M(R

(;&Q$
PR%Z5RWB77VU:\++E
M5'2N




S:HBR:;
RF





M(.&`$K84YX(Y[4Q7OJ;_`(:M((]1N-#3['=R:G!$LAU&U9%6-@)0`?-4Y^[D





;KEVWY7^'IT/3J*U].CS/-


M9]







6MV4
44:[;0[B%`)PV%S]`#7
6-I*NKZ=;K-(UL

BM_QW%+=^*V\J;RQ%:QK]22S?UKEG4IRH3FHVV_/_(]V



K#!)+SZJB8/YD5[4*2C&5)3OI;TN?.5:\I2A7J4[7;=^


MJ7A#5)9&WDR:?

0#Z@XX'U_



M;C4H;+R)(S(LN%W1

M$ULJ/*^7F_`7M6US6_$]]FUG3B/^0A:_]_U_QK'U.\AN(D%M-'*C-RT;!AQV


@XYJT6!7K7M0E='

M7N_CJW6Y\&WJ


M;K5.5^J6GS9@V6DZ\\JQ6VEV]RQZ+NZ_FPK?UJ3Q;+IA@O\`PEHEHC8'G06\



#<&G57WQ_S+


(HWC(5CD#.X#\D8)[UTSZ0J:E,)(?W17NJX*\CC]*\[&5





MM:Z4);.2::WNCE6C/*@C&1[_`-:IR:'#$=QO-0E/0A[DG=]:QO#5Z^A7U[H]
M^S







MN(]^



M':O!JFK6Q3
6YDW9'7)XP#QUKZRM44Z4:JZ69\_3@XU'!];HI6
$J7*RMCRW

MQ#J
'K*V.!-
M*OGR@]26QG\L@5S5(*517



MEUT+







M=

M-U_9

MR,MSG`QQZU[)X!'@^VW')W-_.EA*E2=63GMT78G
:%*E17(TWI^74Z2BBB
MO5/`/%?LXO/C!J6X[DTXRS]./



M*=TD(V'DGL1M`V].:U/&?CBRT6*;3XK9KV[7Y9%!Q%$3V9AU/L*DTB2YNO$/
W

M)[NVE_78Y*M:E/#RC?WD]/1N_P#PYJO=PB=4



NFVES

M`O
)9%B
[94GC)`YY`P

MC
[




S2AI)'ZE
MF8DXSWXQ5YC9M1CKD;UR

?V6+:V$9VY=FQGO]WK

L:





5X+J]A/)XEDAM5;S9EC1%+``_+ZFOH'7HQ+

AE/[N)2
@XZGCZX]




\\?7/%BV\+BX\-Z]XADO7D%M+-;F.0;C

464NB2T
X3G/7:Z3TUT;_P`C


.#7?ZSX0EAUS4+B[UI;30;NX^U36ZR&-I),=


M7


$`4AR00!\O7FG$D-D$Y))ST_&F'ICBN$^LL;VFPB_MX4V





?\`A
-)]KE
^W-6)3^_;:%SAL;N@XJAHQ!\

D9
M^\PW?.Y^K-_G%8%BIM?C+JB-P+S2XY5]]I4'^1K-&H267QJF%\X\N2UB@A)X


L=;TO3=(O=0M!$9IW
L6G181@%&R

M:N5\THI?8
@%C[5:TR)M-N=3BTD?;YU:

M3]Y_+1M+?IO_`%8
+0G*?M//_@[$.F6/]G:M#8F99FAO(&)!)VY^7;SZ`+6_









M)+]C;/#9$J(5CD(



M58GHS=
5#A7ITXK#^]%.]TM?FNG^0[-)6*-CX:;1;-?M%[)=2+E8TR1'$#UP
<ZLZM;G



'E#J@0

M]]=1E)KJW^8TF%C/#-U_ETJ?QRNR15Z[449_`54*D9_S+$X+$85)UHVOML

$*.SR+%@
MY








M6MW_`

MJOES7G_/QQMRBY^4*0W7OBL;7_#VJ:CK_BN\U'7;BZO?#L$3QRI&$$A*DE0H















=OPJ9347:U







MT&*(01S!9W)\T
%`..A&.:HRW5WK@^QV-JD5E&XDE



R+&#^I-*;V24W



MT





MQ
EO'%;JGFM/
8

0


XCC1MI0-C)R2#(HZ=SZ9K@_L_$;<IU?6J?<V7G,39
M&W*IG'?@Y_/^E4M7F9F6?S`(`R*JCYF/)+'^7TK-76KB^O;:TM=
FDNYIYH
M%A\U%):
K@:


^KQT%%(IRH([BEKW#S3C/BJ
^`Y_^NT?
O_`-?%8NJWDEM$6N(Y$ED3<F]=NY?4?X?I


N3P?2L[4IXKS5[&[T2[+/]G9)


1TR/6




XAD90







D





C(Z#:`!GN


M'$=TB*A281LB






[
6;C(

F6






M8UTXQHPBK][7?X_HCDSX2TW3($3686U*\89DC\TI%#G^'\L?KQ6




GTJZ0EN([*9R[.IP<<&BUC32XL.[N)'`!`Z?6L


H:47:;QD9


Y
=4JU:


M&
^:%!SR


PWJP/..:\:M.HJ
W<-PFW-Q'<L)&VD%=S?Q`%5P.V!]*?_9YDFCD




YRTNC

MZ%?/FI:/+*KM&\9

ZC;C+\9_SS79V5HMK


M[@03!4R
B


M+N

$W$>
E/9_H:%\6ATRMXU/[WYWP.N.?YM^E5[!KE3:2(R[^87*G
M/Z'V/3\C5B\FF&DZ?<6\KQ@*4)1B.<#T^AJ32;W5;N\6%-0F1`-TCL^0B#J
M3FO$GRRK*+OLE;RMZH^@@Y*DVK;M_._H:UUI9?53--`[P6]O%E%&3(X7`0?B


MXUU9;K*3-


I*)D`9YY.!GITS3;)TM$5IF:/(^4S.!
MUYZ9QFL.I[W+[BN6[QKNYEB-BK0@
P=I$5PZ[#COG.2#C_\`561J?VZ&1_MS
M6)1RK29@`ZJH).%SZ_7VZ#:M=3COH_E;S5)R!M#8(X^@)'O5#7[X6415$\XW
MJF)@TN`IZ#``YZ\9QTJU)[(R
D:[1'&2
$G.2Q

=^M:+P07:W2O*3YIC+



2!@)I([?)_BWLJ\_AFK%[/9_/+8W\15

]W8XR?3`'OJM(L$3RR.(XT

CGTKG=&5%WELW^'_!/G
M(S3V.+FED\











M;U/

`N8ADCU

I^[U]JKP7CLH0-M

M[D


JQ/AMFY6'3@\=.M)?[]+U`L7MSCY0(




M;'R\]Q5J\U-EDA@EOH[B$8Q(LH.!_P#6]*/!6A6FN^%H)KZ0*Z


M









+M6+?<MS[^4?\:?#XIU!P?/FCA]`EMN_K1]2J^17UZCYGH#W<9W_N
MP$93@!0.!W^H/YU#-J($2(L0)4#);'/%<._B6Z/W;V;/M;QC_&J3ZSJ4YPU

M=]/C
DKR
;A
F20MZ]!^=4\$N



MES!)X=OM;_(SY!EGR




6&8*#O]1G/TQ3
M@2X`8Q)N^8%WQQZTO8R[#]HBY%.QX!Y)ZGD#WJIJ

+ZEXATRVM%




;$Y!SNX'O74Y&
_RJYIOPXUVSFW
MK]CN8P

2?538


;$
MBZG&!GYA*A7/XKD9_*MRU_MZ!#&\








M:C;2VVE1D2):3X#W3`Y!D'\*#^[W/6NDC/R[]ZKGGYV_P`ZX]?=U'--Y&M



MX^;ERSIR7RO^AU'BW0F\2Z/]C%W+:*LH=]JY#@#H1[9S]14&FZ';:#HT%C:R
M&5(_F9B

G9)OY/]4







KZBW


!^O7

TA&2QQW/7\JZF67363Y[:7ZK-_]:O!?.H'0VNK+3EGE4'S)FVY
M^;.!@#H,#O73GQHT?$Q9#Z,,5X&)H5%6DXQ33UV3
=+2=FO
[N\6Q)/E)
O

.USJ-0\37=P\-K;NDRKY;+`NTLIZ@GKBL6:/YCMX`-7]&\
Z


0TX*]C
M!


\INI/%/B3)
MZU
MK=




MO:G6VGWV[=%8W;@\Y
#=?3I4G]AZS)(OE:3=A0



5%/X6\-_\O
B[5SUG/?KP#70I\
W[H/RJW#\
M





+ARTMQ+OW2'.2!CFO6!&@Z*






HRJKE.9LGNKA`UO:3N
M/4K@'\\5N6MI=S

&Y/,L6/TKP5M92WNE#.5<\[2#7M_@?[1+X=CN;I2AG
M.Y%*X.WL?QYKJP.'EKS-!3I5(+W]#HZ***]PT/-/C3HQUWPG&(8O-N+&X6Y



\M_T&KC_

U









V0/\`JE_*


Q]S_2O6$4)&JJH50
M!0


N
``X0DE-`^T`

M```.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&
M```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4````!`T````&```````!.$))
M30/X``````!P``#_____________________________`^@`````________
M_____________________P/H`````/____________________________\#
MZ`````#_____________________________`^@``#A24T$```````$```
M``$```)````0``````X0DE-!!0```````0````!.$))300,`````!8R````
M`0```'````!D```!4```@T```!86`!@``?_8_^``$$I&248``0(!`$@`2```
M_^X`#D%D;V)E`&2``````?_;`(0`#`@(`D(#`D)#!$+@L1%0\,#`\5&!,3
M%1,3&!$,#`P,#`P1#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`$-PL-
M#@T0#@X0%`X.#A04#@X.#A01#`P
#`P1$0P
#`P
#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
_\``$0@`9`!P`P$B``(1`0
1`?_=``0`!__$`3\`
M``$%`0$!`0$!``````````
``0($!08'`D*P$``04!`0$!`0$`````````

!``(1`P0A$C$%05%A$R)Q

$!08'!P8%-0$``A$#(3$2!$%187$B$P4R@9$4
W
MQ__:``P#`0`$0


:N.UK?[3E7ZCG
P




M])W\VJX^


B


4N'V91QX[EP1D8\
M



A.
M69H$F


M+%DB

?SS^7]7\_^;=CIP&?]8:
AH&Y]EN:^
MP?2])K?L^


MR+&5XOTO7M]+U*__``2MF67#CE(B4J!]./7)+^YP_I+9_*=_H\E]87U9G[/:

K9^D8N;K=;TK.]TN9P?Y=9_._KL

MZ2\CVZ$;1L_=9L]BM2&+#&N.
!4L4I2TD9XX^W`?XD926QU
L9/'E/WBQ&)E




G/W$#%@R2A`@2D?T\8CP^KAC.








YK7UXE%+OI7V;OY^RO[/1
ML_2HWUC^JV%UYE3K7&C)HD57L$G:Z-S'CV[F:;OI^Q<+UG!HZ=U%O2\.^S-Z
MF0&W93Y/HL(W-QZ0]UK_`%=GN=[_`$JJ_3_1_PC=.

?%_


/W



K#Z+.G;G?9W-;ZT':Y^[U&.K'[C-OTW_P`XKMW0\ZI^

#'.'H:7I6T8U?J#;7<]UK&'^0


3BGTK2YFX.<`'^HU]F[U-S
M7?X3WU+J`(6MRO*C`)5+B$B2/3PSJ1XOUD_5[G!^@U39D2+B.`\)XH<4!P2




^DTAC
YKJ[+*FC\ZQ];/:S_`(Q0I#[:
M/3=M<XA]=CGL&X5O&/;Z/Z,U?I&95-EC/6]?T_\`
].U4L.+$




S$2%?


MWLJ_X2S_`(1=*UC&-#&-#6MT#0(`4DR7JB8G8]M-_PLKATHF^OU[T^?4_5K
M)PA7F96-5158\,^SCW/EP=L+]NYOTQ_I%,96*[(]MTO@DQ]&1^;/[R[3J.!



MYJQ^.^*KFAY^D&&#Q^?!_K*7VZBD-8VN/W6R&C3F/O6E@_5)SNGVVYCMO5
@


M^C6CTSHF#TN_)MPP6


M/__5]527RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G
MZJ27RJDDI__9.$))300&```````'``$````!`0#_X@Q824-#7U!23T9)3$4`
M`0$```Q(3&EN;P(0``!M;G1R4D=(%A96B`'S@```D`!@`Q``!A8W-P35-&
M5`````!)14

M`!1R6%E:```&````!1G6%E:```+````!1B6%E:```0````!1D;6YD```
M5````'!D;61D```Q````(AV=65D```#3````(9V:65W```#U````1L=6UI
M```#^````!1M96%S```$#````1T96-H```$,`````QR5%)#```$/````QG

M0B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$``````````````!)S4D=($E%0S8Q.38V+3(N,0``
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````6%E:(````````/-1``$````!%LQ865H@`````````````````````%A9
M6B````````!OH@``./4```.06%E:(````````&*9``WA0``&-I865H@````

@-C$Y-C8M

@-C$Y-C8M


$`Q@#+`-``U0#;`.``Y0#K`/``]@#[`0$!!P$-`1
!&0$?`24!
M*P$R`3@!/@%%`4P!4@%9`6`!9P%N`74!?`&#`8L!D@&:`:$!J0&Q`;D!P0')


MF`*B`JPM@+!`LLU0+@`NL]0,``PL#%@,A`RT#.`-#`T\#6@-F`W(#?@.*
M`Y8#H@.N`[H#QP/3`^`#[`/Y!`8$$P0@!T$.P1(!%4$8P1Q!'X$C`2:!*@$
MM@3$!-

M!A8&)P8W!D@&609J!GL&C`:=!J\&P`;1!N









M'[\?ZB`5($$@;8(

X(V8C

M)]PH#2@_*'$HHBC4*08I.EK*9TITH*C4J:J;*L\K`BLV*VDKG2O1+`4L
M.2QN+*(LURT


&PPI##;
M

](CUA/:$]X#X@/F`^H#[@/R$_83^B/^)`(T!D0*9`





MR

DZR;G*.
MPZ_OLANT1[9SN*.ZT[T#OS/!8\.7Q<O'_\HSS&?.G]#3T
MPO50]=[V;?;[]XKX&?BH^3CYQ_I7^N?[=_P'_)C]*?VZ_DO^W/]M____[@`.
M061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8
M$0P,#`P,#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.
M#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`S_P``1`S`
@#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``-_\0!/P```04!

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84
MD:&Q0B
D%5+!8C



G&LV'





.JM8\GN?=[Y_LKTQUE




?'Q1S?:'._JU?I3







]T+IN']KN

M'&HW(V4\LP
7''#MUCO






0.3)*)X.(^F.'U?YO#Q^ZCSWD5
M-K[N






MX!5
!_3G(0XHQ_0APN



M^



MW_NMGV_YRXSZU9]]P;C7O#LF[7T6']'37_Z
M?\`Z5W]A9_/0Y;-P\OECQSR

M$9@=*QM\

[
M?)Y^7Y3E(1S9!&9N4H_-



M/SO\Y`#2&!C=7/(:/
E*7)\M(\
8P/#/@H?HR_2&1@A+'.!E$98QPPEES3E+


]GEYQ
MG*
![7`3K&
92UX8?+^]\S'*'%BPCA$

Y?J\?SR'N2G\L_2ER\NR


M7W9-@R

Q:W
+W6/=L!@PYN_Z7]A6

M.=^F/]6$/W(M+
8899

H,YQ8\,\V7TXH@_WI?U6,8Y2F
M3<KX8_WO[W]7]*2[<7J'42_
S7&T
U
Z




E5(RYC-?R
[




?ECCA^[&/[W_/
$M<]8E;RR
MRNUL$U.#P'?1,?O+JX:1!$@B/)9G_-O$-FX/<*YD

0]SWI

.N.`B3U
M^8_BU)2

M\T!3\W$7&%#A$=NB#&(EPGY80%7XREQ_]%\\ZSTWJF):ZZ]X??AL%WJ!VXAN
M[8SW1O\`=_+4/K':U^%3E

M-W#Z-3/8N5S\AS\#!H)_FFN

MN5F(Y.$@1S`B9Q!$N'U\?#_`.%8VDQNY[6^)T\B[
OI%-3=E0&O8N5##9O
MR6#SE=0RNMH@-'GHKGQ#F(8I0
H\9WB.Q=$X

O\`






M4RC



MEQRR\
H<



[N

M+65?UI?H

M6;G_`-6L&TC^TYK6H(4J\G['EXV:0370\^K'9CQZ;W?V/I+&Y4B7-XS/K.S_


M3




M[HL(
'CV0&_24ND91R^FXV0XRY]8WG^4/:__`*05Q:+B@V+4DDDDI22222G_

26AFKAWVN8JU'U=^L

MT]_JEY_6+&:C3_!-=_U:QOJ[]7


3H):S_`*_]4_U/



P[#RT'0#]ZZQ8^?D^8S\YD`)&

ML6]R_.0PX!&($LH





*S/QF[PUY#J_SG=SM;^=L4_*_



K*:#E.'M8=16#_Z


7@^OX3^DY#JJP
M?L]\NQG=FS_.5?\`6OI




8/3J




M)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?J
=I)?*J22GZJ27RJDDI^JDE\JI)*?JI)?*J22G_]D_
`
end














The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5


The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391110&amp;loc=d3e2941-110230
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6360339&amp;loc=d3e1361-107760
Loss on disposal of property
 net
The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585


Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585


The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Additions to property
 plant and equipment
The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585
Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment
Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585


Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585

The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph c
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585
Borrowings under credit facilities
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net
The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32706628&amp;loc=d3e11374-113907

Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585

Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 230
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450594&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906

Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585

Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585

The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585






















Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Preferred Stock
 at May. 01
 2010


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5



The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945



The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817

Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817



Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
End of period
 at Apr. 30
 2011


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5



The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945



The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5



Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

The change in other comprehensive income during the reporting period
 net of tax
 for an item that is not separately disclosed.
The change in other comprehensive income during the reporting period
 net of tax
 for an item that is not separately disclosed.
Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
End of period
 at Apr. 28
 2012


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5



The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945

Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6419406&amp;loc=d3e23524-113945



The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817

Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817

Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817

Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817



Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

The change in other comprehensive income during the reporting period
 net of tax
 for an item that is not separately disclosed.
The change in other comprehensive income during the reporting period
 net of tax
 for an item that is not separately disclosed.
Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
End of period
 at Apr. 27
 2013










In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified












Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32703322&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9













    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        
      


            
          



STOCK-BASED
            COMPENSATION
          


    

      stock-based compensation program is a broad-based program
      designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning
      employees&#8217; interests with the interests of the

    

      1991 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Omnibus Plan&#8221;)
      provides for compensatory awards consisting of (i) stock
      options or stock awards for up to 4
800
000 shares of common
      stock
 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents
      other stock-based awards in amounts up to 4
800
000 shares of
      common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any
      combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to
      provide an incentive to officers and certain other key
      employees and consultants by making available to them an
      opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase
      such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or
      options which may be issued under stock-based awards to an
      individual is limited to 1
680
000 during any year. Awards
      may be granted for no cash consideration or such minimal cash
      consideration as may be required by law. Options generally
      have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our
      common stock on the date of grant
 vest over a five-year

    

      Special Stock Option Plan provides for the issuance of stock
      options to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
800
000 shares of
      common stock. Options may be granted for such consideration
      as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule
      and exercise price of these options are tied to the
      recipient&#8217;s ownership level of common stock and the
      terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price
      upon each vesting period. Also
 the Board of Directors
      authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to 50
000
      shares of common stock to be issued at the direction of the

    

      Key Employee Equity Partnership Program (&#8220;KEEP
      Program&#8221;) provides for the granting of stock options to
      purchase up to 240
000 shares of common stock to key
      employees
 consultants
 directors and officers. Participants
      who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive
      grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares
      purchased
 up to a maximum of 6
000 shares in any two-year
      period. Options under the KEEP Program are forfeited in the
      event of the sale of shares used to acquire such options.
      Options are granted at an initial exercise price of 60% of
      the purchase price paid for the shares acquired and the
      exercise price reduces to the stock par value at the end of

    

      account for stock options under the fair value method of
      accounting using a Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate
      the stock option fair value at date of grant. The fair value
      of stock options is amortized to expense over the vesting
      period. Stock options granted were 2
000 KEEP shares in
      Fiscal 2013
 3
000 KEEP shares in Fiscal 2012 and 301
500
      shares in Fiscal 2011. The weighted average Black-Scholes
      fair value assumptions for stock options granted are as
      follows: weighted average expected life of 8 years for Fiscal
      2013
 8 years for Fiscal 2012 and 7.5 years for Fiscal 2011;
      weighted average expected volatility of 38.1% for Fiscal
      2013
 42.9% for Fiscal 2012 and 48.6% for Fiscal 2011;
      weighted average risk free interest rates of 1.6% for Fiscal
      2013
 2.5% for Fiscal 2012 and 2.8% for Fiscal 2011; and
      expected dividend yield of 5.0% for Fiscal 2013
 5.3% for
      Fiscal 2012 and 4.3% for Fiscal 2011.&#160; The expected life
      of stock options was estimated based on historical
      experience.&#160; The expected volatility was estimated based
      on historical stock prices for a period consistent with the
      expected life of stock options. &#160;The risk free interest
      rate was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity
      interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life
      of stock options. Forfeitures were estimated based on

    

      following is a summary of stock option activity for Fiscal

    


          &#160;





            
          



          







            
          


            
          








            outstanding

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          512
620




          &#160;


          $


          7.24







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
000




          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.39







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (40
240


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.95







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (32
570


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.90








            outstanding

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          441
810




          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.86








            exercisable

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          265
088




          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.63




    
      
    
      

    

      compensation expense was $230
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $290
000
      for Fiscal 2012 and $446
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total fair
      value of shares vested was $453
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $513
000
      for Fiscal 2012 and $135
000 for Fiscal 2011. The total
      intrinsic value for stock options exercised was $406
000 for
      Fiscal 2013
 $758
000 for Fiscal 2012 and $799
000 for Fiscal
      2011. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options
      were $239
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $115
000 for Fiscal 2012 and
      $209
000 for Fiscal 2011. Stock based income tax benefits
      aggregated $92
000 for Fiscal 2013
 $295
000 for Fiscal 2012
      and $921
000 for Fiscal 2011. The weighted average fair value
      for stock options granted was $8.76 for Fiscal 2013
 $8.16

    

      of April 27
 2013
 unrecognized compensation expense related
      to the unvested portion of our stock options was $375
000
      which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
      period of 2.9 years. The weighted average remaining
      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for
      options outstanding as of April 27
 2013 was 4.5 years and
      $3.4 million
 respectively. The weighted average remaining
      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for
      options exercisable as of April 27
 2013 was 3.6 years and
      $2.4 million

    

      have a stock purchase plan which provides for the purchase of
      up to 1
536
000 shares of common stock by employees who (i)
      have been employed for at least two years
 (ii) are not
      part-time employees and (iii) are not owners of five percent
      or more of our common stock. As of April 27
 2013
 no shares

    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

867

723

568

849

431

401

974

080

007

886

193


        

013

353

591

293

845

235

103

074

250

257

654


        

097

414

017

392

531

904

123

435

920

993

754


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

007

886

193


        

757

629

539


        

250

257

654


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

223

169

885


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

451

896

650


        

531

903

896


        

920

993

754


        
        
        
        


        

767

993

754


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

310

267

188


        

482

448

373




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        
      


            
          



PROPERTY
            PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          


    

      plant and equipment as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012

    


          &#160;







          






          &#160;





            
          







            
          







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          9
779




          &#160;


          $


          9
779









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          49
391




          &#160;


          &#160;


          48
363









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          141
314




          &#160;


          &#160;


          136
019







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          200
484




          &#160;


          &#160;


          194
161









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (143
177


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (137
432


          )







          


          &#160;


          $


          57
307




          &#160;


          $


          56
729




    

      expense was $9.0 million for Fiscal 2013
 $8.5 million for

    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;





            
          







            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          8
051




          &#160;


          $


          9
252









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
912




          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
450









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
451




          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
621







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
728




          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
956







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          19
142




          &#160;


          $


          21
279




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3654 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3630&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3634&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Pension
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3631&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3635&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3632&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3636&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3633&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3637&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3638&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;CSSS
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          1
051
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;
          944
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;
          897
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3642&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;WCT
            Fund&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          471
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;
          455
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;
          612
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3646&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other
            multi-employer pension funds&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          262
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;
          244
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;
          224
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.7&gt;
        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3650&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;
          1
784
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;
          1
643
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;
          1
733
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 80
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2235144













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
      


            
          



PENSION
            PLANS
          


    

      Company contributes to certain pension plans under collective
      bargaining agreements and to a discretionary profit sharing
      plan. Total contributions (including contributions to
      multi-employer plans reflected below) were $2.6 million for
      Fiscal 2013
 $2.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $2.5 million

    

      Company participates in various multi-employer defined
      benefit pension plans covering certain employees whose
      employment is covered under collective bargaining agreements.
      Under the Pension Protection Act (&#8220;PPA&#8221;)
 if a
      participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the
      unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the
      remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to
      stop participating in the multi-employer plan
 the Company
      could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability

    

      below is certain information regarding the Company&#8217;s
      participation in significant multi-employer pension plans
      including the financial improvement plan or rehabilitation
      plan status (&#8220;FIP/RP Status&#8221;). The most recent
      PPA zone status available in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 is
      for the plans&#8217; years ending December&#160;31
 2011 and
      2010

    
      


            &#160;
          



            
          






      


            
          



            
          

            
          



            
          

            
          



            
          



            
          

            
          


      



 Southeast and

          



            
          



            
          



            
          



            
          


      




          










      


            
          










      




          



            
          



            
          



            
          



            
          


      


            
          










      


            
          










    

      the plan years ended December&#160;31
 2011 and
      December&#160;31
 2010
 respectively
 the Company was not
      listed in the pension trust fund forms 5500 as providing more
      than 5% of the total contributions for the plans. The
      collective bargaining agreements covering the above pension
      trust funds expire on October 18
 2016 for the CSSS Fund and
      May 14

    

      Company&#8217;s contributions for all multi-employer pension

    


          &#160;







          







Pension
            Fund
          




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          1
051




          &#160;


          $


          944




          &#160;


          $


          897









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          471




          &#160;


          &#160;


          455




          &#160;


          &#160;


          612









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          262




          &#160;


          &#160;


          244




          &#160;


          &#160;


          224







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          1
784




          &#160;


          $


          1
643




          &#160;


          $


          1
733




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Plant and Equipment (Details)


033 - Disclosure - Note 2 - Property
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) (USD $)










In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510090


Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Liability
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510232
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph b(2)
 -Article 7

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318

Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318

Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318











In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 23
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1757-109256
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Treasury Stock Method
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527216
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 22
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1707-109256

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534
Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in Shares)
Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Inventory
 Finished Goods
 Gross (in Dollars)
Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Inventory
 Raw Materials
 Gross (in Dollars)
Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61069-111654
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Handling Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514758
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915142&amp;loc=d3e60635-111653
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408413&amp;loc=d3e221937-122793
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Shipping Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525344
Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs (in Dollars)



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life













&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3389 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3352&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.2&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3353&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3356&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3354&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3357&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3355&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3358&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3359&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Recognized
            in AOCI-&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3360&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(Loss)
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          (2
521
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;
          (4
484
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;
          3
650
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3364&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          (935
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;
          (1
642
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;
          1
299
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3368&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          (1
586
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;
          (2
842
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;
          2
351
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.7&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3372&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Reclassified
            from AOCI to cost of sales-&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.8&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3373&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(Loss)
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;
          (2
060
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;
          290
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.4&gt;
          (617
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.9&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3377&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.2&gt;
          (769
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.3&gt;
          69
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.4&gt;
          (220
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.10&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3381&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.2&gt;
          (1
291
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.3&gt;
          221
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.4&gt;
          (397
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.11&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3385&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net
            change to AOCI&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.2&gt;
          (295
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.3&gt;
          (3
063
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.4&gt;
          2
748
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5618551-113959
Schedule of Derivatives Instruments Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position
 Location [Table Text Block]












    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 beginning of year

620
        
        


Options outstanding
 beginning of year (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

000
        

500


        
        
        
        


        

240)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

570)
        
        


        
        
        
        


Options outstanding
 end of year

810
        
        


Options outstanding
 end of year (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        


Options exercisable
 end of year

088
        
        


Options exercisable
 end of year (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Dividends
 Common Stock
 Cash

100
000

300
000

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Cash Paid (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues (in Shares)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock Dividend Rate
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Dividends Payable
 Current
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Redemption Price Per Share (in Dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

704
000
        
        
        
        

700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Treasury Stock
 Shares (in Shares)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000


Stock Repurchase Program
 Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased (in Shares)
        
        
        

600
000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchased During Period
 Shares (in Shares)
        
        
        

060
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased (in Shares)
        
        
        

097
940
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction
        
        
        
        
        

600
000

300
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

100
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          23
359




          &#160;


          $


          23
380




          &#160;


          $


          22
590







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          172




          &#160;


          &#160;


          (477


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (694


          )





            
          


          &#160;


          $


          23
531




          &#160;


          $


          22
903




          &#160;


          $


          21
896




    


        
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;





            
          







            
          









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;







          


          &#160;


          $


          5
241




          &#160;


          $


          5
173









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          355




          &#160;


          &#160;


          450









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
596




          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
623









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;





            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          16
159




          &#160;


          &#160;


          16
186









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          99




          &#160;


          &#160;


          101









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          16
258




          &#160;


          &#160;


          16
287









          


          &#160;


          $


          10
662




          &#160;


          $


          10
664









          


          &#160;


          $


          3
665




          &#160;


          $


          3
550









          


          &#160;


          $


          14
327




          &#160;


          $


          14
214




    


        
        


          &#160;




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          









          


          


          


          35.0


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          35.0


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          35.0


          %





            State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1.6




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2.7




          &#160;


          &#160;


          2.4







            Manufacturing deduction benefit
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3.1


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3.1


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (3.0


          )





            Other differences
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (.1


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (.4


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          .5







            Effective income tax rate
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          33.4


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34.2


          %


          &#160;


          &#160;


          34.9


          %


    


        
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          4
548




          &#160;


          $


          4
687




          &#160;


          $


          3
997









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          415




          &#160;


          &#160;


          408




          &#160;


          &#160;


          857









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (614


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (547


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (167


          )







          


          &#160;


          $


          4
349




          &#160;


          $


          4
548




          &#160;


          $


          4
687




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Other Operating Cost and Expense
 by Component [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          (37


          )


          &#160;


          $


          (69


          )


          &#160;


          $


          (140


          )






            on disposal of property

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          63




          &#160;


          &#160;


          7




          &#160;


          &#160;


          82







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          147




          &#160;


          &#160;


          147




          &#160;


          &#160;


          78







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          173




          &#160;


          $


          85




          &#160;


          $


          20




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not included in the cost of sales in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

548

687

997


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

349

548

687




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5173&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5174&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS
            AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3660&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      lease buildings
 machinery and equipment under various
      non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various
      dates through 2023. Certain of these leases contain scheduled
      rent increases and/or renewal options. Contractual rent
      increases are taken into account when calculating the minimum
      lease payment and recognized on a straight-line basis over
      the lease term. Rent expense under operating lease agreements
      totaled approximately $8.9 million for Fiscal 2013
 $9.3
      million for Fiscal 2012 and $10.0 million for Fiscal
      2011.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3662&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Our
      minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases
      as of April 27
 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 80%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 10%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10% id=TBL3680 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3665&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.2&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3666&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal
            2014&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;
          4
742
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3668&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal
            2015&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;
          3
423
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3670&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal
            2016&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          3
016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3672&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal
            2017&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          2
636
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3674&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal
            2018&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          2
361
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.7&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3676&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;
          4
257
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.8&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3678&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total
            minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;
          20
435
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3682&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As
      of April 27
 2013
 we guaranteed the residual value of
      certain leased equipment in the amount of $5.9 million. If
      the proceeds from the sale of such equipment are less than
      the balance required by the lease when the lease terminates
      July 31
 2013
 the Company shall be required to pay the
      difference up to such guaranteed amount. The Company expects
      to have no loss on such guarantee.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3684&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      enter into various agreements with suppliers for the purchase
      of raw materials
 the terms of which may include variable or
      fixed pricing and minimum purchase quantities. As of April
      27
 2013
 we had purchase commitments for raw materials of
      $48.1 million for Fiscal 2014 and $6.0 million for Fiscal
      2015.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3686&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;From
      time to time
 we are a party to various litigation matters
      arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect
      the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material
      adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or
      results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6449706&amp;loc=d3e16207-108621
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 460
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6398077&amp;loc=d3e12565-110249
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14435-108349
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 440
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394976&amp;loc=d3e25287-109308













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

521)

484)

650


        
        

642)

299


        

586)

842)

351


        
        
        
        


        

060)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

291)
        
        


        
        

063)

748




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


          &#160;






            thousands

          






          &#160;





            
          

            
          







            
          

            
          







            
          

            
          







            
          

            
          







Fiscal
            2013
          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          







          


          &#160;


          $


          182
849




          &#160;


          $


          166
568




          &#160;


          $


          144
723




          &#160;


          $


          167
867









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          58
293




          &#160;


          &#160;


          54
591




          &#160;


          &#160;


          46
353




          &#160;


          &#160;


          58
013









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          14
392




          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
017




          &#160;


          &#160;


          8
414




          &#160;


          &#160;


          12
097









          


          &#160;


          $


          .31




          &#160;


          $


          .26




          &#160;


          $


          .18




          &#160;


          $


          .26









          


          &#160;


          $


          .31




          &#160;


          $


          .26




          &#160;


          $


          .18




          &#160;


          $


          .26




    



Fiscal
            2012
          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          







          


          &#160;


          $


          169
080




          &#160;


          $


          157
974




          &#160;


          $


          136
401




          &#160;


          $


          165
431









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          61
074




          &#160;


          &#160;


          54
103




          &#160;


          &#160;


          45
235




          &#160;


          &#160;


          52
845









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          13
435




          &#160;


          &#160;


          11
123




          &#160;


          &#160;


          7
904




          &#160;


          &#160;


          11
531









          


          &#160;


          $


          .29




          &#160;


          $


          .24




          &#160;


          $


          .17




          &#160;


          $


          .25









          


          &#160;


          $


          .29




          &#160;


          $


          .24




          &#160;


          $


          .17




          &#160;


          $


          .25




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 30
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7662307&amp;loc=d3e42840-112730
Leveraged Leases
 Net Investment in Leveraged Leases Disclosure
 Residual Value of Leased Assets
Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
Purchase Obligation
 Due in Next Twelve Months
Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
Purchase Obligation
 Due in Second Year













&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3188 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5146&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5147&gt;
            &lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;significant
            accounting policies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3190&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis
      of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3191&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The
      consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
      principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) and rules and regulations of
      the Securities and Exchange Commission. The consolidated
      financial statements include the accounts of National
      Beverage Corp. and all subsidiaries. All significant
      intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated.
      Our fiscal year ends the Saturday closest to April 30 and
 as
      a result
 an additional week is added every five or six
      years. Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 consisted of
      52 weeks.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3193&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
      and Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3194&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Cash
      and equivalents are comprised of cash and highly liquid
      securities (consisting primarily of short-term money-market
      investments) with an original maturity of three months or
      less.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3196&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative
      Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3197&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate
      our exposure to changes in certain&amp;#160;raw material costs.
      All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair
      value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use
      derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative
      purposes. Credit risk related to derivative financial
      instruments is managed by requiring high credit standards for
      counterparties and frequent cash settlements. See Note
      6.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3220&gt;

      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3221&gt;

      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings
      available to common shareholders by the weighted average
      number of common shares outstanding during the period.
      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar
      manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
      which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000
      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011.
      Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not
      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common
      share because these options were anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3199&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair
      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3200&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The
      fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade
      receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying
      amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our
      long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its
      variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The
      estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments
      are calculated based on market rates to settle the
      instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we
      would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current
      market prices and credit worthiness. See Note 6.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3202&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment
      of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3203&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;All
      long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets
      not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on
      the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or
      changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
      an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written
      down to its estimated fair market value based on the best
      information available. Estimated fair market value is
      generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill
      and intangible assets not subject to amortization are
      evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe
      such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized
      if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount
      of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3205&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
      Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3206&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Our
      effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes
      which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded
      to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax
      bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in
      the financial statements. Valuation allowances are
      established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax
      assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the
      benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3208&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance
      Programs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3209&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain
      liability
 medical and workers&amp;#8217; compensation exposures.
      Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated
      incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by
      insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical
      claims experience.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3211&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible
      Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3212&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Intangible
      assets as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of
      non-amortizable trademarks.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3214&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3215&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Inventories
      are stated at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or
      market. Inventories at April 27
 2013 were comprised of
      finished goods of $23.2 million and raw materials of $16.0
      million. Inventories at April 28
 2012 were comprised of
      finished goods of $24.4 million and raw materials of $16.5
      million.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3217&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing
      Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3218&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including
      cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise
      and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are
      expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and
      production costs which are expensed when the advertising
      takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
      general and administrative expenses
 totaled $44.6 million in
      Fiscal 2013
 $45.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $52.9 million
      in Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3223&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
      Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3224&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property
      plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
      replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while
      maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of
      an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded
      using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of
      7 to 30 years for buildings and improvements
 and 3 to 15
      years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are
      amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of
      the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the
      improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
      the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
      respective accounts and any related gain or loss is
      recognized.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3226&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
      Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3227&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Revenue
      from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss
      pass to the customer
 which generally occurs upon delivery.
      Our policy is not to allow the return of products once they
      have been accepted by the customer. However
 on occasion
 we
      have accepted returns or issued credit to customers
      primarily for damaged goods. The amounts have been immaterial
      and
 accordingly
 we do not provide a specific valuation
      allowance for sales returns.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3229&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Sales
      Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3230&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers
      that require customer performance or achievement of certain
      sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the
      incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid
      over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When
      the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected
      amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected
      sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves
      the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume
      estimates that are made based on historical experience and
      other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a
      reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may
      vary from accrued amounts.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3232&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment
      Reporting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3233&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      operate as a single operating segment for purposes of
      presenting financial information and evaluating performance.
      As such
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements
      present financial information in a format that is consistent
      with the internal financial information used by management.
      We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
      therefore
 it is impractical to present such
      information.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3235&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping
      and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3236&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Shipping
      and handling costs are reported in selling
 general and
      administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of
      income. Such costs aggregated $44.2 million in Fiscal 2013
      $41.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $41.3 million in Fiscal
      2011. Although our classification is consistent with many
      beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to
      companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of
      sales.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3238&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based
      Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3239&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Compensation
      expense for stock-based compensation awards is recognized
      over the vesting period based on the grant-date fair value
      estimated using the Black-Scholes model. See
      Note&amp;#160;9.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3241&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade
      Receivables&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3242&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which
      includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We
      extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#8217;s
      financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral.
      Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due
      to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our
      exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for
      anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
      credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the
      allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5% id=TBL3266 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3245&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.2&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3246&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3247&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3248&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3249&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3250&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance
            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;
          399
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;
          452
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;
          509
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3254&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net
            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          96
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;
          4
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;
          67
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3258&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net
            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          (41
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;
          (57
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;
          (124
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3262&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance
            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          454
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;
          399
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;
          452
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3268&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As
      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 we did not have any
      customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables.
      No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales
      during any of the last three fiscal years.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3270&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use
      of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3271&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The
      preparation of financial statements in conformity with
      generally accepted accounting principles requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
      reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.
      Although these estimates are based on management&amp;#8217;s
      knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
      actual results may vary from reported amounts.&lt;/font&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18861-107790
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18743-107790
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18854-107790













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

359

380

590


        
        
        
        


        

531

903

896




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3326 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5152&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5153&gt;
            &lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;DEBT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3328&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;At
      April 27
 2013
 a subsidiary of the Company maintained
      unsecured revolving credit facilities with banks aggregating
      $100 million (the &amp;#8220;Credit Facilities&amp;#8221;). The
      Credit Facilities expire from November 22
 2015 to April 30
      2016 and current borrowings bear interest at .9% above
      one-month LIBOR (1.1% at April 27
 2013). At April 27
 2013
      borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities were $50
      million
 $2.3 million of the Credit Facilities were used for
      standby letters of credit and $47.7 million were available
      for borrowings.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3330&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The
      Credit Facilities require the subsidiary to maintain certain
      financial ratios
 principally debt to net worth and debt to
      EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain
      other restrictions
 none of which are expected to have a
      material effect on our operations or financial position. At
      April 27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all loan
      covenants.&lt;/font&gt;
The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527854
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527854
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Derivatives Instruments Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position
 Location [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;







          






          &#160;




          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          






          

            
          

            
          









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;







          


          &#160;


          $


          (2
521


          )


          &#160;


          $


          (4
484


          )


          &#160;


          $


          3
650









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (935


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
642


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
299







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
586


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
842


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
351









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;


          &#160;







          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (2
060


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          290




          &#160;


          &#160;


          (617


          )







          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (769


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          69




          &#160;


          &#160;


          (220


          )





            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (1
291


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          221




          &#160;


          &#160;


          (397


          )







          


          &#160;


          $


          (295


          )


          &#160;


          $


          (3
063


          )


          &#160;


          $


          2
748




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          




          




          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Preferred Stock at May. 01
 2010

000
        

000

150
000

767
000

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

754
000
        
        
        
        

754
000


        
        
        
        
        

314
000)
        
        
        
        

314
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

748
000
        
        
        

748
000


End of period at Apr. 30
 2011

000
        

000

725
000

207
000

751
000

100
000)

900
000)
        

336
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

993
000
        
        
        
        

993
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

063
000)
        
        
        

063
000)


        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)


End of period at Apr. 28
 2012

000
        

000

425
000

200
000

000)

100
000)

900
000)
        

636
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

304
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

920
000
        
        
        
        

920
000


        
        
        
        
        

139
000)
        
        
        
        

139
000


        
        
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)


        
        
        
        
        
        

000)
        
        
        

000)


End of period at Apr. 27
 2013
        

000

000

398
000

828
000

000)

100
000)

900
000)
        

316
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 for an item that is not separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6441202&amp;loc=d3e80720-113993

Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e640-108580

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6441202&amp;loc=d3e80720-113993
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e689-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph c
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41638-113959

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e640-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph c
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41638-113959

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e689-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph c
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41638-113959

Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717













    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

920
000

993
000

754
000


        
        
        
        


        

002
000

651
000

356
000


        

000

000)

000)


Loss on disposal of property
 net

000

000

000


        

000

000

000


        
        
        
        


        

478
000)

679
000)

078
000)


        

628
000

509
000)

319
000


        

466
000)

239
000)

215
000)


        

614
000)

618
000

000


        

193
000)

959
000)

503
000


        

264
000

696
000

302
000


        
        
        
        


Additions to property
 plant and equipment

693
000)

905
000)

389
000)


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment

000

000

000


        

616
000)

852
000)

312
000)


        
        
        
        


        

139
000)
        

314
000)


        

000)
        
        


Borrowings under credit facilities
 net

000
000
        
        


Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net

704
000
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

000

000

000


        

007
000)

000

184
000)


        

359
000)

254
000

194
000)


        

626
000

372
000

566
000


        

267
000

626
000

372
000


        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


        

327
000

127
000

816
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3302 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5150&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5151&gt;
            &lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;ACCRUED
            LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3304&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued
      liabilities as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted
      of the following:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3324 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3306&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.2&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3307&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3308&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3309&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued
            compensation&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;
          8
051
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;
          9
252
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3312&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued
            promotions&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          3
912
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;
          5
450
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3315&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued
            insurance&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          1
451
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;
          1
621
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3318&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          5
728
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;
          4
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.7&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3321&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;
          19
142
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;
          21
279
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 24
 -Article 5













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
      


            
          



ACCRUED
            LIABILITIES
          


    

      liabilities as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted

    


          &#160;







          






          &#160;





            
          







            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          8
051




          &#160;


          $


          9
252









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          3
912




          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
450









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
451




          &#160;


          &#160;


          1
621







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5
728




          &#160;


          &#160;


          4
956







            
          


          &#160;


          $


          19
142




          &#160;


          $


          21
279




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5157 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5158&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p id=PARA5159&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;DERIVATIVE
            FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3349&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We
      have entered into various aluminum swap contracts to
      partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of
      aluminum cans through April 2014. The financial instruments
      were designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge.
      Accordingly
 gains or losses attributable to the effective
      portion of the cash flow hedge are reported in Accumulated
      Other Comprehensive Income (&amp;#8220;AOCI&amp;#8221;) and
      reclassified into earnings through cost of sales in the
      period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The
      ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our cash
      flow hedge was immaterial. The following summarizes the gains
      (losses) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income
      and AOCI relative to the cash flow hedge for Fiscal 2013
      Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3389 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.1&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3352&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In
            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.2&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3353&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3356&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3354&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3357&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3355&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3358&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.3&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3359&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Recognized
            in AOCI-&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.lead.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.symb.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.amt.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.3.trail.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.4&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3360&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(Loss)
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;
          (2
521
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;
          (4
484
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;
          3
650
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.5&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3364&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;
          (935
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;
          (1
642
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;
          1
299
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.6&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3368&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;
          (1
586
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;
          (2
842
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;
          2
351
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.7&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3372&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Reclassified
            from AOCI to cost of sales-&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.lead.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.symb.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.amt.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3389.finRow.7.trail.B4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.8&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3373&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(Loss)
            gain before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;
          (2
060
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;
          290
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.amt.4&gt;
          (617
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.8.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.9&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3377&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less
            income tax (benefit) provision&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.2&gt;
          (769
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.3&gt;
          69
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.amt.4&gt;
          (220
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.9.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.10&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3381&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.2&gt;
          (1
291
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.3&gt;
          221
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.symb.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.amt.4&gt;
          (397
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.10.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr id=TBL3389.finRow.11&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;
          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3385&gt;
            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net
            change to AOCI&lt;/font&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.2&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.2&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.2&gt;
          (295
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.3&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.3&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.3&gt;
          (3
063
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          )
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.lead.4&gt;
          &amp;#160;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.symb.4&gt;
          $
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.amt.4&gt;
          2
748
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3389.finRow.11.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3391&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As
      of April 27
 2013
 the notional amount of our outstanding
      aluminum swap contracts was $21.0 million and
 assuming no
      change in the commodity prices
 $964
000 of unrealized net
      loss (before tax) will be reclassified from AOCI and
      recognized in earnings over the next twelve months. See Note
      1.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3393&gt;
      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman, Times, serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As
      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 the fair value of the
      derivative liability was $964
000 and $503
000
 respectively
      which was included in accrued liabilities. Such valuation
      does not entail a significant amount of judgment and the
      inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement are
      Level 2 as defined by the fair value hierarchy as they are
      observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that
      are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;
The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5708775-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624163-113959
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(n))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5708773-113959
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 25
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6886632&amp;loc=d3e76258-113986
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41635-113959
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4H
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624258-113959
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5618551-113959
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6441202&amp;loc=d3e80720-113993
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7668309&amp;loc=d3e80748-113994
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4E
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624181-113959
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7668309&amp;loc=d3e80784-113994
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41620-113959
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4D
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624177-113959
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959
Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579240-113959
Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41641-113959
Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41638-113959
Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585

Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5

Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765

Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318

Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets.
Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6801-107765
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5

Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
Property
 plant and equipment - net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13770-109266

Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -Article 7

Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 5

Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318

Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 24
 -Article 5

Preferred stock
 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized
Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 $.01 par value - 75
000
000 shares authorized; 50
361
799 shares (2013) and 50
321
559 shares (2012) issued
Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3


Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 25
 -Article 7
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 32
 -Article 5



Preferred stock
 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized
Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5


The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23315-112656



Preferred stock
 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized
Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5




The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23315-112656













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
      


            
          



significant
            accounting policies
          


    
Basis
      of Presentation
    

      consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
      accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
      principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and rules and regulations of
      the Securities and Exchange Commission. The consolidated
      financial statements include the accounts of National
      Beverage Corp. and all subsidiaries. All significant
      intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated.
      Our fiscal year ends the Saturday closest to April 30 and
 as
      a result
 an additional week is added every five or six
      years. Fiscal 2013
 Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2011 consisted of

    
Cash
      and Equivalents
    

      and equivalents are comprised of cash and highly liquid
      securities (consisting primarily of short-term money-market
      investments) with an original maturity of three months or

    
Derivative
      Financial Instruments
    

      use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate
      our exposure to changes in certain&#160;raw material costs.
      All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair
      value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use
      derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative
      purposes. Credit risk related to derivative financial
      instruments is managed by requiring high credit standards for
      counterparties and frequent cash settlements. See Note

    
Earnings
      Per Common Share
    
Basic
      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings
      available to common shareholders by the weighted average
      number of common shares outstanding during the period.
      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar
      manner
 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options
      which amounted to 172
000 shares in Fiscal 2013
 181
000
      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185
000 shares in Fiscal 2011.
      Options to purchase 291
000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not
      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common
      share because these options were anti-dilutive.
    
Fair
      Value
    

      fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 trade
      receivables and accounts payable approximate their carrying
      amounts due to their short-term nature. The fair value of our
      long-term debt approximates its carrying value due to its
      variable interest rate and lack of prepayment penalty. The
      estimated fair values of our derivative financial instruments
      are calculated based on market rates to settle the
      instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we
      would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current

    
Impairment
      of Long-Lived Assets
    

      long-lived assets
 excluding goodwill and intangible assets
      not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on
      the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or
      changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
      an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written
      down to its estimated fair market value based on the best
      information available. Estimated fair market value is
      generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill
      and intangible assets not subject to amortization are
      evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe
      such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized
      if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount
      of its reporting unit

    
Income
      Taxes
    

      effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes
      which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded
      to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax
      bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in
      the financial statements. Valuation allowances are
      established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax
      assets when it is deemed
 more likely than not
 that the

    
Insurance
      Programs
    

      maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain
      liability
 medical and workers&#8217; compensation exposures.
      Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated
      incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by
      insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical

    
Intangible
      Assets
    

      assets as of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012 consisted of

    
      
    

      are stated at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or
      market. Inventories at April 27
 2013 were comprised of
      finished goods of $23.2 million and raw materials of $16.0
      million. Inventories at April 28
 2012 were comprised of
      finished goods of $24.4 million and raw materials of $16.5

    
Marketing
      Costs
    

      are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including
      cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise
      and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are
      expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and
      production costs which are expensed when the advertising
      takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
      general and administrative expenses
 totaled $44.6 million in
      Fiscal 2013
 $45.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $52.9 million

    
Property
      Plant and Equipment
    

      plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
      replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while
      maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of
      an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded
      using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of
      7 to 30 years for buildings and improvements
 and 3 to 15
      years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are
      amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of
      the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the
      improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
      the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
      respective accounts and any related gain or loss is

    
Revenue
      Recognition
    

      from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss
      pass to the customer
 which generally occurs upon delivery.
      Our policy is not to allow the return of products once they
      have been accepted by the customer. However
 on occasion
 we
      have accepted returns or issued credit to customers
      primarily for damaged goods. The amounts have been immaterial
      and
 accordingly
 we do not provide a specific valuation

    
Sales
      Incentives
    

      offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers
      that require customer performance or achievement of certain
      sales volume targets. In those circumstances when the
      incentive is paid in advance
 we amortize the amount paid
      over the period of benefit or contractual sales volume. When
      the incentive is paid in arrears
 we accrue the expected
      amount to be paid over the period of benefit or expected
      sales volume. The recognition of these incentives involves
      the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume
      estimates that are made based on historical experience and
      other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a
      reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may

    
Segment
      Reporting
    

      operate as a single operating segment for purposes of
      presenting financial information and evaluating performance.
      As such
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements
      present financial information in a format that is consistent
      with the internal financial information used by management.
      We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
      therefore
 it is impractical to present such

    
Shipping
      and Handling Costs
    

      and handling costs are reported in selling
 general and
      administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of
      income. Such costs aggregated $44.2 million in Fiscal 2013
      $41.8 million in Fiscal 2012 and $41.3 million in Fiscal
      2011. Although our classification is consistent with many
      beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to
      companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of

    
Stock-Based
      Compensation
    

      expense for stock-based compensation awards is recognized
      over the vesting period based on the grant-date fair value
      estimated using the Black-Scholes model. See

    
Trade
      Receivables
    

      record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which
      includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We
      extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&#8217;s
      financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral.
      Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due
      to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our
      exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for
      anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
      credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the

    


          &#160;







          






          &#160;





            
          

            
          







            
          

            
          







            
          

            
          









          


          &#160;


          $


          399




          &#160;


          $


          452




          &#160;


          $


          509









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          96




          &#160;


          &#160;


          4




          &#160;


          &#160;


          67









          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (41


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (57


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (124


          )







          


          &#160;


          $


          454




          &#160;


          $


          399




          &#160;


          $


          452




    

      of April 27
 2013 and April 28
 2012
 we did not have any
      customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables.
      No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales

    
Use
      of Estimates
    

      preparation of financial statements in conformity with
      generally accepted accounting principles requires management
      to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
      reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.
      Although these estimates are based on management&#8217;s
      knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions

    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Loss on disposal of property
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
        


          &#160;





            
          



          







            
          


            
          








            outstanding

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          512
620




          &#160;


          $


          7.24







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          2
000




          &#160;


          &#160;


          8.39







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (40
240


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.95







            
          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          (32
570


          )


          &#160;


          &#160;


          4.90








            outstanding

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          441
810




          &#160;


          &#160;


          6.86








            exercisable

          


          &#160;


          &#160;


          265
088




          &#160;


          &#160;


          5.63




    




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

000

000

000


Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount (in Shares)
        
        

000


Inventory
 Finished Goods
 Gross (in Dollars)
        
        
        


Inventory
 Raw Materials
 Gross (in Dollars)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs (in Dollars)
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001437749-13-008687-xbrl.zip

#$S
#0R-RYX

XDG[?B/T/6N_+
M[H-*)'@[7(Z0CZIQ=Y7MM=TSLT\5-`79W)9(#4FYK/[U_02/`2%B7.R8

M.7QU?*'@D87M_%E!



M^G=SH$U7'K[YY#R:1_C_SZ`3V



IT/7Y9P1U;X6V3<3N'[:F%;=AA&LUL=*./9N+GD]A.G3X&R-+C
MQR\7IH_(XF8OMO^R?GVEG(ZSR:%`YVGT$VV\`ZNM5)6:P<![DN`O&:@7#@#




%Q
M0MIJF%SJM59%(!4&[:/I6\/(Y/HV\%C!)%
1S53R4$C/XI&=K%35IPU._)5
MM%IN.1)+A=9+SULC/.]!8AU)C)L?JV?]V$*!#?+JCU=HE'N%Q9-MD-ZQ^EB@
M-+4XV-7N)'V(K@0S=W!_ERM\.\?%

MA
<61!E$

!4KGH!LGU*QR2

A
M))'%2E/+6B_7]P,YYXA1ZFW8.OF$-O\



E0LC;PS:E#5T^A&3#GBY5M![;




J0@$@_FOO


U]W\





'EPQ@RX<-(0C0;C^)P+_5+^(I

X^'SRXQ%S
MX
2\('5PQG\\GIPG9(S
B(X1C`D9K3`E
M9Y

O/
RW%
OJQ2F9R4(T%]K@
=W3.:F%8Q)`N;([O=-G0)WQU'7FT'O\XE8




NK@*&8:^2C^N9[U/?AX'/12DD554R(J&R4W]
/QYGB'6LX@`Q95-N7<=J;3T4E5A_P=HZ)NOLB$M&`:+VN
M`.0$R*#`@.46MM9K!0#`T'6JH6(7#$4?V/]JOSR@94HM]O*R0Y2[PO10:L6L
M:TI3*-X:SK[9YK.]L`,;\E@W#9&4?MDH1:MW$T1U6B(+1<DL*Z<2QW9&[
MQH-'A&TH'2+G8S3!4L


M@D)$PN7#D#.K&:`Z3@F&T!10MDUZ;4XIUX8R;+9^6=A4GD1)A










&V-

M7Z
8O3&^1W



MJR+(Q
XI

(2;5/'%RCI&ADFI9661&:+`
MMZ:&0T(O:!F-`V@V?`,)E.H80A!LFN('[])1K2=M9H8MVM8'R2]@+.70^F

M'4W'
K@%M_/5`5E5B-.%%4
6EX8U`4CO3H0=I5CP\8#'X5(G$(FHU_C
=&





MF!R



MKKH2SQ9


7EI!







T=



N=-Y





MG85G8-#DW'VOER

&.A.@7K2F?*.,8'6')?PJ$T`EVAJ]L



MR
VJ].-AF;(^0A,E%O)M^KX\1[($B`_4IH9INR#;?4@Z,T6BD-K,!1MD-#B
M8F$T



H





IO+3-)_689GNIK]\E$WD%WC=5^L

]_\GP?X___U;?TCQ0K_1[IE
[[P





&3Q%[CTQ#I




S`I`)$GD8^2?4:2]H1MC%@4

I@%7S

M@Z_^1&Y2')W$@1:^HX2,\Q)R]8?=#PCMWAVXYP]T)S[:.$6W(?@;SL#(C`





72L-V7QB;\:%GU0!;!WUM+]S2%
M(V.Q&)@I15]_'D:O::)HV*8@I@VPRT+[YML'-X(A

MZ8OEIOHU8[)7+W


XLG$C



M\H#];




M'I$5.T\LR27]`VP.!DZ.@IZ[YR/&S74S'P\
'0!4


]$
M*RQ/9R?*6.5EB2QIDE(I&G_*\%_3C/KR
K
S;ER%X9&STZP1

GF_40`2=
M#


`B^5.2
M$`:VJ-$6IHUF8YK:^%?\0$CD/N
35CSYH.G4A
-=(%+[9`#SU8CE0\'$10UU
M.B5C-F+FF!V_@'4&?4[V;3ZM&44=,F)&YF/0


MQW3

M!GO;7124\J@[.$GA*CPPHUF^E;H-JY5`:WQM.5^_/ZIV=X8-XRSB/K[$%[
MPK&?G7T&M=3ZI9&ECD8U*?



Y2:D7CO2:;0:V5R
MKDA;

'I0TR*=SA<AOO=K]R/S<ZP-,FQL_ED&4_!B3,^*T$T)F\;P!S:
MFB/_2#4.?2Q*QJ+I6';JJW!8G-U)_YC&@X`N!@DVWCLR@K?ZS*<-3!7ZX



622+2J]*H+=[@[U1OGAE.@;/$&\<#BR<N,9L&_?H*+SF`3?
M:$Y(:MC'&%787SZD8
QBFT-8I4P5^#@IS.@%B1MD?MH@6E#3ICXY10J?D
M

6MMH*GQ/;

<'*H6&:6!]1:?#%DPNH42$K-&F`7M
MEU1P)[[!1F[GOF!9

?#O6



HW[D7]6
7




GXG=!SX

7E`3PT^)R:R
/!O(_P_L_A\),'8?^=45FV@<_`IM$$L;P6/!BWAOZYLY
MV%
:3?G

M$7\N96BP]_-;G:CGD.M6'H)D^Q\DS)%%TNC?2R0`C'_R1VMP-I?&6PDX04
M`7QI9RBF+P2OAB6+Q@3A_39.3(')#[.JWWT
9MIA&4K
T;'IA)=8P]M'?;=C



/@`P2%?28P27FH7D_EDN
.-S<@XV=6K#1




M+5-W\2F:9Z?ARI
)+]=AX'7L$D



(X%!Y'`M34Z???+Z


X)+H3(%2:1%X'5*HLS_+!=L;CO









H)!0P;M
MS$]S$@Q:$DDA&+0N@Y:YQM[(RC0/

&A%3ET+R=1;0[=WW%4E&-81+)4=1S-






N=K1N2
A^1VD^D:H'_T8)\I-#ROOJ:5%.B
MU8@9-9G*@FDBA(N0&/KN)+UL)5&AXU$X3Y&RFMF:ZXD:HB]\62+#-62C59





X`+V.
MG#OTS7UK6*L_+T*-^BGXX5M<60LYSGODK&R=#-VEN7ZK.;ISO;FAQ3&)TH6-
MD(+-\(^O://SJ]7B]X_0$64)3(\I_LY2YO3/R:N+]F:FO!PG2:<K.B/`9<G




JG83HW*R9B4
M^X4E)XV1YI/MB-126]


M=@^/0


T9ZF)Z.^0@?3DU&=

M=5M[QM

-TEE52P(EO%=W*+T

[




M5-3VG6B48.6Y

?J(67
]$/;4=CO;^D9.!+#JZ_@5MOV2\0#Z


%OQ'^G



'%'ESLP7
LIDI4FJ+?J^T.?H6_O[;?


#!;J^\+=X@K\@':WU%UPO-];=C/E]3




R0KE&?1A@\QO?W=P+KU'&V1C/B._3X1^I1L#5GK`(OES

N<\X`AW/<F@Z-;-Q%XC4/NL`
1A@YNM&

ZDD.E04@CB:K-W&LG%)ICWQ@NY

@LEO/^L.





9+$WY!+CY41D:D<K$@!@LATVA4B)9+(,W4?1[78#:ZN@/FZCM\YXO+




VTUWJH=L;606
.('129Q[]&\1OATTD_F


AS

Q3?!#EM%[3S?6


M$N2YK
@Y&^'$]1BP(
3W]_Z.HK30?E_7L4TZC/%TU^_PQ#OO6V]%^O+F[F



MC+#
X^R3TE
0/)-I)XBE(4)1%?#[5[ZPEY)5P&X;_:^_?KC%C5^9N!(&IXG;


P6@`D6

M&SK!A$V;VYH;9/&.




M7AEC+\ZJ0!16=-Z`[ZM
5U%\+@GRC$)Q;-PW9#DUVBM('QL;`;_#:IWW13
MF:S2H
*)9D`F[<\A%A%&85#NL/%:KSSE
MV?

#@9Q$4=(JPHGM&4WZCG45HP*':1LU@'




M'6
FF(7MBEM\O\J7Y^'!1@^$R/`)J\(^-)VD7+FOIW+)^2H\

D^D%Y\R0EK

4P*_S?!3^W]_A.@Q8PPB


\$I7Z.L*CP:



MK=3P4F/LQG&L
$1\JQ(5
_1_'T(?GL&$?4OX?-/^`%^*L$/I:X`DR08ZLS8;
M7&$


[^
\7)\2!UC]6^9

X)+H3(%2:1%X'5*HLSCA^Z
M8G'?O9YK_Y9Q=9.XYZ@;0*`71R%$45E(C5*IQ;_FK%6#E.@6NSJ3X%U[HA
M++QP+2
*^12Y-H

UJ&OJ5Y=G=E?`!ZCUZT$UR=O:D-OB7+A3V7.U7)$Z




'#$




MB!BMJ
TH119622#%PW9&UO'E12V%J[2\*B9(,S?2W7=
6-5(W&+Y9DF;':







)K3#D\F?5J2@

-CM6L#G6I_S.7_
F.@]0.I
M(+WR;!M78

M9I94I;[+H&+


Q.43=&U(WA^5A`U(T1=6-X
M!Y+)*#'Q:B;DS##KJQHBZ,?PR$5JT.-B4%$WIF$&%75C.N!043?F%!Q'
MHF[
\1VVB+HQHFX


S
M&R]F`Q.@IF7#/$I(V2OS8O7?JF:7#LG92P&_5T<=/23.+=1959:W<Z.;G#+
MI)J80FLJE506BQEY#9W/5$&Q'$)&NE`&A&'GVL'RYNOU#?3FWZ/L7EJ2;CY=
M?KF3+K^\ES[\]Z]7-Y\_?+E+PARAW^296$5[G*#3?IVX@E(T+0Z+3XBI8=EA




M88I4Q0T39MEF39[
1F-Y*0CS(
+D:=-2.ZOFZ1PZ9&/JNMJTW%FN9G!Q(Z)R

MW2`Y6*;LTEU_O&J9LSOI&\BA




7)

M%&BTF_J/^^]SBI


M#ID.DIXU1WJ]/!]+6]TPX$%I8]G21]U9:09)]CV27B_.U?BW6:RCQQ6RB8#V

(GB)Y4K.5R0)L
B$'$P&BASHKZZ6-(9&DD7?T6V=D95
M`:J5*('W+]22]^_U^HKE17#_)[7ZGSMVPZB]T6):^



M2`PO$L-S@16/5CNW8'%HM7.+E4@
+Q+#B\3P^0-P


MK4@

:5(#\2PY_8D8E(#)^K`\-V!(K$\(Q/
^.



=HVS%A5EV1[_



AY/%TFDBM]UT91@97@MI_)
WE^PR^C0
9YE'_XV


/Z\':CA2G-0]*



'L
2D7CE\#7?E4D1JZGN*`MC06EU8SB&!'/2IHC61L)J%
W)&4^
WH9!(\*TX[*\S63<;Y4L


M#?

2(B56[EM
.L\DM7HZDZ/G75XB2_=DRFVD6!:FVI

BO!-3SZLBK)RR_T$\,!E6
MQP9.H:M6CQ:]-RQ:%%SRU6G%KT?'-6J44OCV:*XSN+/K:%7.$@WXB9P+X
46SDFYPN;*HA_E'&+R

DA@




B[1P'




M6?)








M



]6[)@
MF2-IK4!7[5C_=Y:CXX_Q/$QV+4V8SXAJ

].RK(`6

M

/4M_
MO*^


MW5U^DF[OKM_]4[K\\IZUD98DTLCEN[NKZR^WTF]7=W^7OG[X='GWX;T$';^[
M^G!;.&8



EWC:HHYEZ![KL*QF)BR%[QUS:B9I.CM/1S%/R2

YZ
MLP$#PL::HZ<U+=8##?N`=5A)<+P/]N?*RZ5,=`^K#\*-Z3(P<%K?&9T8K#@

M`F




D@C%O#3@W^`%JWTT33(=B])
1(B


M#FQUUT44S!Q#=@M])68G7N.(WL/_92C!
_YEL!\(`M\*Q]0HE:0[@!0.X\








M5/[@



MDO&0/VLO=7HPS&9PWCL*Q,CO\D/&JT5;A$-$T%QM68W%.9O40D7UZH0E_1




P#8[5Q)U*

U/@2Y7)&#!;Q6#RW

6Z+=




@678\F#/U9A*M:/\$#WC@5?3N%7617)%D*.
VWTB$P'GWM=

/G&.L,Y#0

M_6186:&LK#!9N3B??*L[\?+;RRVM!R555MKN=SLM4^
ZF[9MWSK-K8X`X_Y^
M5R.`MRH'`7/:Z\2++S95?!H%Y&-/*GMHA


)2


KRTX
BD%?;
M]%Y\0DXZT3G]+_)62&_ND8DVNOL=33*.$VTS_!<]^RY2\2Z\3%RU8]]%O:L


MM@:CB;IW_73A]ID7^A':=/M\C5728+NZ)&EC6UM:_`%71(G7U6G0^G8\2-





M9\MF%N83O*.Z'(P_A5L`!WDSAELTAWHSAF\.+7-A10PJ^'

M6(.\
M`L
MFD.]`L

MS4YYG.


BUIAK?5



MS@ZM\//&RR@]%9\?]=4C^;5NK@QO38=?6ZUL#_X


O^\-8/6X0_`BG#SD7MZ.8.YB!\H\$C

18`-.!CZ=/^2;N-11[9FKQY?\&/P
MW4N\I=@`WL.H/V$6E;::_2=RI7O-(7@1@2T;)FKLF5@_LFWACJTLV[;N+5MS





233FQ.W+HP[\A?UYN/NJF9*UTS;I`-BR@0_0K!G(D^



MTZ4E16?E0M.AD^&E17*R@J3E8L3Q+3&B]5N;K6T'I2D(&B[W^VT_!$V




)-W






M;CE!2RH903D

5!H
MG;3I&!#94-IVWBU$-I0:6%7*AM(67






MH_ETT9->'@N#UG$9'>P?HE]H`G^[J?O/>?L0=-V/]RN'M':,]#UYCUT^TES
M]2?D7)F.:WM;(%;GUM5
MLWXEK2Q8&+[1#U:+WS_:UE997NYL92PK=Y8RIW].7DEKM-*WFN'\_.IL\NKB




.FWO=$@E)<:!$094'I#<YU]AWG/T1T7
MK7%%-_B!M+$,PWH&ROBAZ(IK;%2`'9*C9.I






MB*
MU7DIH&,@K-+<MPM%V%@'%'5NR1G!!QK

M3HV38



ME:6Q+0NUQ6W)23!EG;M#)\^4?3MQCHPIRYP.@BDK
V5I4(TR%DQY&%/6N3!T
MJ`N'?L&HU)`J(U.UR$NJ0$Q42YG\[GJ';



MB`HA[%_
X


MJ%#C.VLRID+)&:'DZ;@J5$FY?M%T$U\ZNC9O-:P2-_[%HAM#
]T/__'T'6ZD





M__R?7_\E+_ZM/5BKC]]/?[LV_GG]?__G/[OG?YCCM_^SL/_[QOGWO]^/W_WQ







MRHZK!&-E;IF]G#`]QK&\1QMDVVA=S=-^RHG%8AK



O?WU=2N
M]
=57;\V?#5JCR'



'4W=Q7D+XS$7;G65K]DM:[+6^@=:1N8*&






Z3C

M*K7MU9$\GYRZ2K5U`V!_`[]V^K=:^ZK3
O`S(;Y=&?A7YA.L1588HIM\+S;K

MJN8P?/O:R3S.'I+*\KC)X!8L+FXT'Q=;#C#C'-]L6;:OFZICP9:'L25/VYS:




M^YR&\BV'&1;$+9I##0OB-99W62DL:+G
U0N85CT?4=1%`Y[&$XSL!8QK[W@$;3*,2CXF
M^5!IL\O3EQ.AS2H'-,IB+FCS(-JLL?7I8._#*L0XP/X;B]%+'J[%/$%N:P7


ML1%\V?_.YMCXLM0.%WQ9G2\+SQH)7TX%7Q[&EW5V-!UL:4K


MI%*^PYG`@JWVI)=#]T`JG.YO^


MR=GNIF3RB`
;UNYFF3GFZNS`QC)7R0U.M9

XU![Y#OYU;W\?_-G*#H!5W20A9TNW4AY1]G4V6L&V`Q]S=4M4[(V
MDON(X-V:Z^$*A=(&K9&M&9)NKJPM(EL#6W/A#RO;EN79$N@56KGZ4^Q1W9$T

MJF$X.VVEFP^



41F(&'Z!Z9:*/GI*-HTALTP

DQE?0L7+N/
MR);6^F:#;&2ND.#(HGB]JQ

QS-_!Y_\YVJN/R*Q\
5
^*ZU

`#\6'P2V`W?HP3H)!2ZXP`:MRZ!E;J,W#1T_GC#\N\ZX1;`;ETG


RXEP

S!MAQ'TK:69Y+<&9Z)*YH]F/I?M)!QGK_YHPC

WYZDFQ)-

B=H70%NMK.U.

#0BM&I

MCY;G:.;:^8Y!@VV=






G#
MUBU1W+
N:?%5KH-;K#@MU\$W:94F1)B.%X*T1''/VJ3%5V$.;K'BM#`'WZ15


$[86@[!^$+_HZKN9Y+

I/;S3K92&YF;I5V




ET(Q2\$4
3-U2;%O!]#QZ%ZEL!I!


M/=L


G3T!&]Y
MU%Q222=_
MIH8R!?TJT5S

_)Z^D-5K!


MXFRB$BLX

#Y0P])O]`X/
M:C@A*\M_0?9:G98TFP:V6@LES8K/G^'-HJ@9=[W+'Z-33UJ=P(+#HF;3R:(X


L.
MHR@[UA@_BK)CA_)CB3

\^-B+/BQE!]%X;'&^%$4'FN


M+

M_=S'+7








EX[TO


M7YS7=4H
*4_/K+

M!@\Y*1+PY

6SW'Z?GF:UL[&6XO1!A1]@UQ
M*R)?Y\6MB&)XQ*V(0GC$K8@RA
2MB$H$Q%=`%4?PB%L1Y00D;D64$Q!GMR(6
MXC2A






M[\

M&IK
O4W2
SF:S93NT3P*WZ0L[[&Q$7S9_\[FV/BRU`X7?%F=+PO/&@E?3@5?
M'L:7=78T'6QI2LR-0X]SCG1+D[FOT]66YIT'.Q?393
=
VN5OZ8L%%D&I8
=

#&
E?)#4ZU



T=HS
MT/4F2/]ZIWV[)%[_2W/]*;*/[_!O[]`W]ZUAK?Z\-_Z4]!2YO?P1_#9!UK-




)W6,O.%=G=6UU_)'W5EI1A+70ZYFM3@ZIA!
MH5V-`%Z[.KZSMA]O







M^F:#;&2ND.#(HGB]JQ


BV4+BX,!U`GHG`Q=[W+'Z.3+Q<6QZ*@7)B</PT%-HI



M+*MCP`C&U*'BX@H)]_`(M*#[=EZG5$Y^4I)1J[UI]Q8]Z*:IFP^
0PA)


M+H0:YF-X6(%WP8X9=N3@?N

M

MTPQH77DGWJ



CXM#!UA+CF\.+7.:O9%G@D
/Y=`]LYK7Y-#]'4KM
=
M+ASQ^Z5SO6%6N3B;O+J8P@H+XQY)F_
*1@6\/829+HDTS-H51!I0[6K2'J)
M2G'QZX
TX)
ELN*@E2%);S@]!4YGN'JY@










M60C5]--6UWAO60/+G1QV(




M6\LC)5'SI$MWD0H;B`0O!@E!Q!VRH9-;'!O!QDPS7Y(

/U%*FFB^
MDX=!=#`T-8S
2`&C0JY0
M40Z51[

M:!/ZANR5[B`8/%`D/


%Y\X

M@J7

M`)YANCF/^DXR@+V
:-V++26


V59AI!BAR1(3*K1:
M1G&39>3KC.6;/H$==$XZKL/LQ$^EY'E^CEN)`5]O4X7+@OLXF#-@Q
M]@$XSPS==8Q





F(IN@QVVJL
1ZN`


L(Y
M25H-`CH.!=TG%*BO70.W('*X:^`6*TYW#7P37GEQIO/EN
-=`[?:Q=^NH9U2
ML


M'5O[]^+_&#9U#*$.

E_H)<6I9N9ULKA'!!1]O:


M6_LFW?LUJ#-3(JQ9!F`LE5QU9
J5@IT`NE3D_''/5%[(5`Q)*!6[[@49_
7Y
M?
80='$N

M5U1
:UVV+;]D!(BAG_]8HILA;715M-C!8!C+&^2L*DR!4NV.!76(H5!60P

!^JE(P:DO16J9!J92P2!BN?TDG4::(7?A0

MYWJCS`%+#.+OQ&#Q#T6N;?(O6BWX
\(O^-TO`XW+M=)/7DEKM
)%@)V?7UU]

T9I=?;]_[E:(^1%6_+\WU-:YMS2%^OM9M]+_^

M&ASB??EDEIH#[\/BT6]?2`'DZTU8_MBG$;^&=HRMBV9
)XS2-XKS`A2#HLP!









^EY@?9?W,S_/?O<U;@WQ0-%+_M76(3[*W;H
M%UD<!;,AQ@H3;%Y,%G(#E%!=[J86E8:0RI\[::FRK)CH+A3JVJ+#45K
3L:
MM?JJ.W]^M!&Z\DN_-SG]QG);.+&D;LS+T`A

N;&R.!9=

^6FW:)4!::H;YZSWFN:C%]=
M*)







M;)JK0]-;EFX0BN=[0P4+YG4W6




F\G)?[R:
M6#M??W4D]]_3%).



6*TUT#WX17NFN8GB_'




L'J]^KVCEYVE@?X]69JA4L6&_*%27EW@C`2M
K]R'`^MWWLV3!;:$T_6U(^[%!=/IN.E6E<FVO+4K]
M81F6F1)V'2ALK7?VI;
X(+U!G:W5Y\:K47ZT[`W270_PH.4)=)NT$$K3H))/

)&/]Q&





M'[\;2?I&TM(M1O#@5X=P.+!6.+'Y`=_!!
0OQAB
\%]9R#US@_NUEJQ[0W^@









TG=\[:-5H[`X&RW@4H-XT_*RAA[IXIJEVIK`_1LY
M'1^0'K;F+'M?
!$1S;8J_OFP]47R;3.&:)+TF1V-AM/I\IT\EV7







5V;=

MQ/W=

/\]NZ.%0[:@Q-F@#73X\J=XVCI(O)\

SD&6#



MT=HST/7F





M[ZSM5G=Q03+GTB2/ZN8#

'+^^N/MRVCWG%_17I`ZULF#U&CN]G__`<5]^\


KTX7T)7#(/<&@'P:#9C:]Z(^GU\GR2;H?]

6(LT
V







MOB@*[VM/VQGY)(@Y1+





'
M@#//I=\0V!%`(:Y/
FF.@=_C%%980X[G)WEZ.3E`0_[0H1DI(7*E.R?MGY
M^.5@;\!;





).40'KLS4MY$.


2UXC$-9P@Q=\B*1+7B









M%







6IOY33D\3\FO/)N(?19*ETM29RJUH\^DNY!8M#

\U597!)*RJB*IX





M5ROKRJ@XA*J%L!415[@T\6'$I4`IQ\HF+Y?`51'4140MT*B*K8%WRRX%B
M$N#D$Q7+XRN(ZBBZE#=Z@;81M(6AWJ)`-L\=^DDX[7N*L`V)WVKHQG(803/
MBMA9IMJ+V-D:6(G8V6HX54K:.EN.QHMQEJM.3:E$^&Q=MA+AL]792H3/5F*K




MR@+._.9^19N?7ZT6OW^TK:VRO-S9N%S[G:7
Z9^35Q=D[/%O$\
?C.AX7'-



M?5NAG4N.-NB9AK:U/--UONOR(&


;%3
M'=W?,RXJB^[IZBX\`FSS'JGLJBC&<C9.\RA-0;DZEYA3.U%6J<:6(FT3M5P






M


Y\I


0LHDLK^$N5



Q69RL1
EN)K4I3M*KST7(^%6PEHF;KLI6(








#WU!KN29NOL5;7Y^Y3GK5]+*`GK\


O.D@0V1?$?SL(





S]?Z]7E^=&=2I/&ZA_]498:HJ

-Y*S)4




M\]Y1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5UM4]NX%OY^9^Y_R&6_W#N=-`1H*4SI3$B@


QH
_0&&#Z;_K[
MH6V/CAN-R63R6J6O$A5B0P'JXP![5Z_4.-_??O?[UG(&T
&
1QK3]T:I\=

MJ4-$;`6I#(#`8^(^[%JJ8D


MFA0R=U&&:Z

0UA





M6@:%(


M6)0[6

HP&6(&`:H7




2HQ.I4$N=T:)M`I
M^


M/


F;`6KKMV=?&C]ZC<FONV_-=P_*P%+/



M`8-R)4Z/OJ&1C;3Z9J9=SI#Y#!U#I&U*J&J2CT_
/4\K2+[[R
E$!I%$[E



%X;G?W\&F#(;N0$


M0D46A]%Q$/?^O207

]*Z=HQ:-7ZA-EUBB-.]#+^






K7CN9*5A)PYF6QIE)&$/06VG/.N


MEZ=PG!$5KR/%2!S+



](8Y6;#
MI]-8EY9D^$*/5343KCV5!]_D-Q^%F)=BC2V=(#FJ&YMYKG:(=H7^L]DWSG
M3:!YOT&K2:T4]Q2$M$8TW^G7GAR)'X'


(4C8+JEU996P*
M@6WCC$R+#.FDQ+Y`_8GU`!0LYPN*F8VH^FB`=+']A(L^VY':`JHQV`#15V:\
W@7IW&R#\THK?0_@5Z?ST
M(5*%[U.G'2BZ#7%NON


M.DXFDV1J9JMDR\YXQK8TMI-






V\


MV+I`T`)Y`5T18H)M6X;[BA=.=IS?KN@^U\UT$D./L[PN'ZC@YQ+
MQU3`Q





'K:)R@;^



5._3/9C/$+RF33Y2FJ8NL1DE\]`AEBIZNOG+I
M)PH4W&0959JK^
`ZKV.BY=(B=$/COMUDQ8BDNYS2+)H'U'JW$1)\'S$:U(*O


K+^TL*?
M:_QK8-$NZ!#$CN[1X8:R'


MB

MTP]


$]
M4`(^65\C$&!RXP_`;O+R@-JT=[)X8*VCCMP`,*F55@+1:]T047=Y96$G27C


M(4
1#]^;WR&R9)4KL



C+&T&JG

+T-):48(


J.G`J!(D10+YHY6DJ8H*UH0CS&7VSX*


M













.P2
M,7I8%\:B1#A`SU7/U$%AT@]09-7&L+@-
@
J@-K\6TJ.(PJ*`W#=*K$I/?Q

ANE#/9?R
K`93_;;+B


MMZI^&$U74]1Q8=:AT(!N?4U%_='([(

M?^1G_\C/_I&?EA#M'_GIQ2




M#E9^P4[F8V`(4@VW(]06
'1,;Z=GB)R--H&XN=+L^AN-4?R_E`W;]B
Z83I=
MA!^@8I]=$WMNU(*GC5$,6E75WO4K_P'JCN^NR.MAL0LP3-];_2!U].@#!)
MH+M$IP2M+.RD;EGBC=%I\
PL..=(D9/G@+.8R!L=)
U+\-1:=[_^ID1-AC4`

_^.\($4?@IX.%Z


QQQD)2@


M3M]8U+`-VH7PDX2TA=KG&[&FU[LY:2I/JZ2/UV13'%FIWL[@;8VJ+8TVKJ\B
J<W1'+^@
V=7
(PX7-XCW]IU:)-UJ
M%
C^R=Y_S%VPM-]/-!!JE:O6@@&8W:D%/P;=
M-YT:D]_FVN#39T?N+0]=)B5\+Q2S6_D8R:.?2:U0,F);RU0;N8TI2E&$L#TY
M!DP'O551WWD,5ESD?3:G=YFH_@NUV\/-&UM1VB@%G6XE8.#7O;T[=`D`U?I



MN\U55V;
46'


M]29`.;9ZZ-G10ZF&[JJ][H[;;_2\VX)(=4]47%R$#8DB!EDYZE&JQ9^Q$5
M;V_]Q-WLJY
U_]=:/K)1N`S/C%EN&5H3$

PIXCP\$H'8#61'`QBC;*#Z[9R;F'
M:ZHFL[($@



T%8H+-$44H+OM#:*V'R'V/M`\EE4'
M<#83-737H`:D@`Q3!.LB-`I%+9;+'AFPJ<XT!M*J*ECJAQB/0F)(@6@)M:B

PGJB2C%/$J\
RBGY










M#\U5]K5OXM5.-_O;B:BZK]=V#=JW]]HE9R98]RVT\AJ$V90T\-K8R[Z%U\Y1
MTEX@)V+OCU6(#38Z($[=7.=;@#Y=




!H1PA[)!#`Q.0:,OD&G
M@G%5]J6`K(4\3)5<P`?,/.<2)HR`*OIF5PIV^-9+\KF=Z-5B^:%U.@SH2[$
M9#8#`566!9

=:


`\=)XML






M`IXOS-F=G%[D5-*(G]**3V
<*;C.<_!91'VVV9IVR`M8RRYP^B3%E,#`*ZU%IQ*U9
MIXQ$7K/=G=*^`VVNO7?'D^\85OYS]3<T*3+<ZN,!+[P0$?H)AE5TC+F$S;C


6`?;

TZ#FT1*L@.:&+;Q/E'G%U4M(



M^MX





=@%
.\`E6C
M!!8&$6%KC)S(YH^LQ&F=&#GT%)]\MGW!UI0NB;+W3:N6
(9@&=\B7
9--3;)

U6M_
M.\\_*IY51
:7.HU(#:A\WJB@`F%&5:1
QF944
O:1:7X@&[D*^A1JR3\69\;
M%+`'N;PY*]Y*PD.;-@=I$4^7Z


M458?M3[VI9U)4_E=

M.7?%NLF]H0
$!75A@%
M60L%

XEL)J0*+8;_NUM9
LFAH?V-\
MNTQ^:S&^$I@2?7K7LQA?AM.AK8BBK'^+(1=A6!.U?-\4ANG\-HCEEQ!\'[&_
MSWQRQ6ZYDO?ER)2UF/0]5BNHV*
IE3
?%J7#LO'H'-!%B)8P[P37D&OA*]D+

HDS`



5?^;+MMFJ65.*J
=2

M^E:G79?YT


MC(L@CT6EB`3BPVJO^+&RERGQ@5YVR0YO
+8H#T!.+F!'+`KM]D%2/GG0QF


BA2F;[$`:9CT


.I+

N2Q4DQLB




4]Q,ZQ%]2N;)*`ZN'R<=H19`=OVD82VY\<WY

M.[72S.7GE


MT11A3

M@]C







M\^DLNME/9GFV1IZS]03X)S`*H
3)


M`OLR
L\
V%))IJA5Q\34C\HW:)7TP*(Z-2?6\CIB$Y[

MYN[=`B'-V;

`^CTE




MS&K8NW5

D6PM(GK2M.&4UC&


MEO0H[)RL3WQ*;3(;8X)L^G497`6&
=E5IA
L140I$!AOA^'IPL)D:7F*V!5^




M5WVV_Y(Y-JZF





6Z8PW6]5/7_DM
&^.RBM;XM+'1
MNWXY\$V\#OVT(*?0
]

M;FX+LV^23E2

M'%//?+

T`KX#9_]^Z@
M1&TP;6]A;&548G:H\5%`^%*ETQZF!^






Q#X4B'I]\
M-_)BZS/L8N(-B*PP[)''9$TMQS0=D<.(E3ZN/.?:)M+<H/.B@/LR/YAX#




#$S

O\'C

$JD^4-3(+Y+[^K

M
+/ZBS=AAO:*37G8F^0RS]9FPBXS`]Z\
5?$TR0HBL7RMLS7\ZR=1G-M2.
FRI86_(POF[9?OOB;+13)RZL-:N&+$-(@V4OHM
M


(_^/\
MURI^#!*$HS@N3X
\W\;IZOL@J?A^R5@C1PFQ&U72HDFT?M$@$*01@-U(O]NT

M0=X.*



ST$-E2FS
H@&8X$#5@M&`@(


V?

MCXY


M5BO?I@SLS5Z\P7(63I4R@38PPXE%R@+XSV3%7\%([/E)VN*-NLDA9S7&S4
MVE3Q
GW*
IM-#M)`-_V2D:TL_`L*H-4/&^XEWP\AY!I'S2C9A#9EXBB-UT





`DUM+

M#9!4LH)(#$73%6-!-=*9D$F_.LB(Y&T=3(?
ZN8:GM)4FDJF
43Q\909?'




/82J1%`:O3@VZ8'H%F-0
!

63@@02#\UU^8:
).@E2;5T;];NYR&!15OB4G]7%Y


KHT6%&)Z;


M%JP#C8HI+DU2I6)RSR1$
ULE4Y6VH

MAADLDMUDBGV-W

MEQD4
1F:6K63\)B+.O4%.*1*S

M$].EJG7!:I63URF0O=?`IL6&'O(OO;K=.JJ@UA)!]AFO/,Q2475I\*6L=J

MBN(ZSY9VRAM9\
Z[*3+(19U[\1=@0S[Q+'B.('HM?'?F






'Y&SGI!2
@0KFOQM

MF0JQL];WT

5P\(QO$CS(
BWH='GF,LKYGLI*)[]QLVH^8\3
M*Z74S-\?V.\9B&%2Z$W/0V'30N@X[<&=&B35F;U&TF^PITD7]?*<X+M?:


M_


5W%_;[67H[#E1E

[C*-(@B7<RB84R@](M

MXKF:)LN.HY^KN@O872904-SU:;F$88E;B+G3L:E(\W`434*X@@Z7P3.XIYVX

MK8



S.A+U7:KJ2[)OG9:`3G(KBIL?$ETHF]U=




M62OB4L+K



48-VH1Q$0H!8
4`!8+1SP?+--:3Y6.@#SVM


=(D&*!CI(AX9


0DJ_!
@CKV'Z_@-:W=S0H
M;)%?)&?



%5&Y!AI%[C4QI=/G:B4D./B





M=@H\]+AF4F?4O%K(]M?`W7SW&A&

Y*%3


<<%184RA\54--N+XW$Y_?6L4?VJ31ZHH
MK:0=E9$[,UZU21N_,\TAK&L#GNO8OSS,#DJNVY/'X,RO@17J9H%53DEC/R
MT;Z#T:IWMV.\0S4!(O?ATRG(%AIQ#6C`P:1@AHZTP=F=H'4*16'\2XFXK:[
MD.I4)/-]1E


MI6W7O]$ZL9[U7Q48SW+3R[((%^XP4WO0UPA5#LLXAQA%W5IS=&YZ-!+'!5]C
MZ17=3J-@F1A-'S)H0

0S+U]:Z05WOVJ^6K%N!(S

M
C5#T(X-`#




ML

@QR^MX=?E2!6$

PJ@8;2P1DWA?&B;HI1[;\`J

L\]R.G_5NJ*4-K):J
\WXD:?U!N'`


]_@?DB3W;H[X




8[PO



M4[+6;M?8[K08630AP_U+&OI$A6YZV/PCH`BZY8LH5'O)QBSC;DWJ:[P9

BA?$C?AS114Q(@LVY-HMI$3HV[89.S1#(NU[




M+
'9W!36&T-[_&NCHA^63Y#!SE+F+_4I!R`AACIPO6]=%VMO[2=R+Y$0YL
M1RGI+[=`YVM0UE%(?


M

$$9:*(P6

M/=AZ\=T@:P^742%[+HF=.U8&]/A=#?H$*RR)%BA[2FXH`]XONO7*_XB\.0
MS1.LD$]I3HL*?R-+LVEC?9

MJ*`&.V
3RE2C^O#B,-3^!?\XHC;$N&@%1)%_9SXUN4
:;*8\3-E&:%Q2(N


M

$6(AC(Z
E



XPYS&$01$R&^L

M)U)G



MR1$Z%;N4%.&+7/484NH7
Z.\1U.51-E_7&MH_F
TZT
0/L0IS+?L'4)K:B7!
P;HUSO,9MS'XC
MOPM)L1)LF(JV:

?-=,/`N'NTXRBP@1O]N\V][`HQ,^+`8FH2B=J=.,L(P2?O:7TU.
ME^5]P1(8E;X]IW6



Z!MPE.KUPSJ?-^L9KV



O


J]F%GW'D:+'L70*T

+$TA[)E7?B(
RHQ78+C)-4[IP\N:=S/58#F^






M$1\CI$I2,]#=PHJ(V(&6Z6$/'$18_T9W_^;D\(J:,PR@ZQ:$SYT%ZZ



MB7J/?TW$4E
/1P4_Z5F/:]`0I&[5VG&A1]'CN#!_#*V2==#O`$:NJ^(#IUD8

BOU[2%&JCNPRDK#0NOU+!?`:C*B0OP=%&'C&
KO.L_NT8C[864IJ2O!DN



M`Y)CSR39-

MI`




M?7(=;/%/QT]!'E%ZBD55H@.4;*4?J_4]S&V8.M
3.?46I.C03CX148:!?@ZR

#K
M/`ZM5#VY(MUCS

L9=`JUJ%Q3KC018RVNJD*+I-D=
MJA.2;Z$.8:C?B







9RTS)RZ]3-SDZQ.B$?
M72V]SGAHO;]
4\:%TCO=(Q0-'==U*U825-S7GWG)!8C;W^WE`U^B0OK+!MIY



M#210@P($EM^;%-)MQ6_1BQS]Z*V7D\IT%+I/
HX/8BVC&Y5H(`-@@0Y(_!
M&IYEZR!.;=@$
G1N@_L22D2-B-@11.D`'@-^HJ.\/7&H(4KV2!QB@'&0/'R`
M497`Q7(/0W&'#U`KMN8@4N=UA4


]-KM1_B-%Y7ZRM\\;QV/O7<
M/D`]RZ=C!S1CD2'`#(&-(
\6O(J

M5ZI[OJ4K`KVXJ'`.N4;8X#JKH

$H!F_Z5?`]=




M?RYR
0E)DU@WM3CQM5*%G&&N4\1[1,Q:%9_X47R`YQN$P^";E+_/`)XTR
MAJ7\'

6

MKRI7!:WCL)P20*#H1EY0.K:2AD$6A''P`\?C8ENQKR9M5/E3G:T3CZJCN^



\'IT70#`P%'X!`P@$`'32@



#H?99%ELXF


M;K=BI19F#X=SY=FE0'2YK?D


M!VFQR7)JKIUFA1T'7Q&SI]9F*K2)VE?4@P]`
;P^]+&7R)3@$1!O$.3M?&1&A`'I)#_YL1R3A6(#ZN3;^:-<I-2X5
MNFK`3X]Y5P5Y#DP\<]/#!$-9+$]S&,7E11#&25QN/P3/^#;29;GV1.R7DZ#
Z=`F*IJ
M-L.)*H*@!!00!FI)@#8A=KI8P[4Y[\-/'(O!/BZLC?1^Q!(Y4(TSWEZ[0W
M`V&6I[M0\D/'.I]!QDH)2RRF!@D#UE[5QR!.'ZHX0)-(^DP1A$7[.-*=*SO
E59!ZW_3X=(E+./?V78P:`;K;'G^-]RI.H@WF_$;)M(31OC`V=7$3]#

0%B*HA2.
M
H'K3/-
*533PETE5*M;\A!D'2'[-J)DRL4)0DC7P1:#M/BVF0B5ESM0`F*&

MIGH$=\






*K

`9:?(MQ

9UA6E6]440

@40K[.Q[:54.6GKMJJ

)L

UT#A@JHL&1




MMY^^%3J=]N*W



M;[5
4R.AF1X6DU.#'-3+E!1.54&B=+Y8)L%=U
_!;/PL4'P'MJ/!_WIUJ+GM


6%#+
MY4W

[*VW




MU^I)CAHU
;K/*




MM@V#CQGI[@SI/8F&)+LWT^SHOR8E3]M$DV36J\&0A&Q+JW@:W-9;S%T&*E


LJ2'!9X+LY)GA
IO&B:F[-Y^G`/6&HXG@FW2-Z#&D[A;HO
6
T
M8NE

M&K=.;BN`RHS\O+
]M32*
U@O




MD-JEL



/
MBM











M/GHS+
J^+2MG@''%89YM8%YN\;%7LK!/MC;]716TSE
#@R0)
P5TY`')+Y5]


M(G/MZHL(&2C$.`#
O)XX0(Q7K-_/S^_OLZS51YPDR6A;H_RDW$AX]<L#Q=Z#^


W`$*#G)-$

MW*(FA\0

MPPL6A%%;:`*W+1\W-2BE`)P&6F24#/9?F*%IHR*:5C\&)^\X5C)$#V^MZDCC

M0[=3`

MDM2(?`A3V%

M:YM7@29NPK\GFFQ(-)^%;

9I9#;



M;9#@M^7QF[[Q(RRNLR0.MW?PN3Q!F]



M)&SDO^V

MS


$


KSJ(3N


MV:OOT(&!/EF=9D6I&KFJ1Q
#HQD/

'=S]DD[V!8(AK]?98]O$!SZ^`#ZE]TW!Q1QN++(U
@1E'O6%9[L


FY



?PB:=5X_GNN

M

MT1(L&MM'43#-L



M5G]&/('PYNST$DI0/.`;$^@?S
NU-)*.3$_\I@L\@_2?PLP9CBJ1NR?X7Q@P
M!W4&!#20P*L&UFO/RTAGWMP4FC;?G-;0MY4G%U59Y?!#G
;K:GV#6_
DS1YP

[X=.8)9\OJ?T5)PJ3S'10'+


MB4M/8+%(ZU*S=
5X2FH[=0N3;


)K1;F
$

M_5:
W\_%H)WL+%(2ACIDU_MY;;^3(3[O20Q*J=G0Y1-VGGD4.-?CLE?SJY
?

M1.CX8)NN$=Q05;[M)GY=8;]O@WAZGO+4T);DYG5C0%0P+FL%P+ZNX;.U0T
'
MZ#UA

@[I$FC;



M@



==D:L#@
HLDC;;FZ+(H*MA^/[9SJ0B\
M^Z:E`DKD_4KQH,-?\C0#`-TG

M?P\E4R;+7-0&RN*V+FG&]3(+`$0\G'0_E@O*]8[;9(B*?N)(&!%N/C\`.[DT

M4/:


7GO=_6_:


:(TSNFM*CXOLL0?YRD&\OX@3F


MR9?H3#K&V7J3O+F^G-
PF&HL_T]7DN\WGJZ$/\;HT#

MHP@

F+1GTFE%C\=U`9+)A([`HBSV#KQ@.V78B

M_Y@C9](\

MYD5CCS%Q
QI($QJO=!QCO_9J%^E@_\;JP.RXYJD21]RVBP_#:EV1(^X
;G(8

=GV!)MYLT!;W'5K#

M

&$



QCZ=%4XO&
M1^5-:SN


M-][W




MV2)GTCP)Z[+

!-IY)(W:==YXO[[!DA+



M.MK.*%I.9M2/+SXU)_F.O!UYO:BK%.*&K7N%]=P8K+/.O9_750I%MD^Z49I(


MDSB









SX2*
EX0KOU2TH/M.LC+


U]KF7J6/:CK[N=P2+
XPV[UB:X



.

5/F6&'#D6J!(

MY]00



MUDR4EHGBRCM`



MILF3E`9_G%\NU@@.$DF]E+B?8&XB\0Q$[=SVT'K(D@CF!;5Y/F:ESI43%L!_


2J%ABU?8QPA4+5.O:C7XS@0W?7
MPUY&QL#S$71





M8&H?&(.`8#8#KZF;\9F)`V&3VI











&/[P(X&KM$HKH9TL$YC^\F




%FE*.O\%
01%PKJ!U#UT8K*YHPZ


BL`Z62

M(F=$=[
UU[$56A\]*W(@]CMV@%JDH]RKO\Z8;^:\-+=P
DQ=;7'*7
K'M7
M1_23P%7J?NOC%O%5M



M[-`_G\\!O7M
_FN8R06(89(I1A:\CT2:V.$K.N^18+R
M*C!JLQPU&14)FEL@JLP9Y#(K
IZS$I#:\H*F=(H
Z2QP5:QD[-O47$;8&V
4


)H;2N;VX%

M/P.MU.ZP9+;[@KZ.4'X!%K)3FO`_2\J:K^]
OG&\IC59+^TE=+=Z/D?^2DSQ

M(V%WA`


M*YAJ=


M6$O[1I@)VS**)^YFXPL)G8%W`4




M;\LAZ+^H@Q)9/.-0*#IAY9[)2V@W`W^*'.#KVE+:\1G_%C/8FI-_%(0C`A)
M\8/O.X_0=75(;`M[`-+9\4%!_$8$H:6MX`X2-UNJ.=/MALY^.2A4TI



M!M*=&_H/7758#*TWXG$+6T\4W)9)GLIDUF87GFVXAR@9-OYJ*HB39'TIF(

T

EIQ7S\M7`#6ZNUVD4GOE!R!7
M-OV^UT)J7+C$/:Y\6T*.
FW!3`468YLC@Q)F[:J*048;22@A.8W3(;$*+`
)
!
O+B955FK6;

MBJM


MB$J



PU&6
M&&
/HP<+NB1I-?,SMWE)4].I%4!;NQTSD#(G9J;KVFV0Z2'4\X5I$WY

RDJ1BT\JLR=5P
M2=F4)26B&T

1?`GMA#I9#X.*


$'R@-4'!KY'EPOF&Q/C!


V=(+6I1D%KAJKFS4U


_)^W&`Q
MFQ$[4S


_3-\/I)%%QE?


M4:MSMEO#

W\FE6166?S.;!#


2SG9872;TTR&C2CRF



_A-OQV



P88J0TIE_&_74#9[3FCE8]^$5;'R\37B-1E$:+RO5

MO
E\%`0@U!(
-,T$P]WI`@MO#;8*YG+OS[#01\=*4#+Z`:9=9?Q=C2\A8@


M\RB4F?


7DKU#V(ZR])'Y\_3AO.Z$7D3<Z]0


!`0

8V*X?1`B(F940
M8(G+.`YTFK*P[/C-G+ME1%U(TW*P6NF#TV8




MZK!
/@*




6B[N1&DQDKM1I1BY^SQA:0P_LW-R0II)83RDT?*P








^P1)3O
M38ERY#P`%

266E(F'5V_EW
ZJG(O





OGW[_^L'W_V
M7IW^_@[].@T^?QZ_.OOK=_3'I]/CX*^?GO[]\_NKQR]S-'IU]]/77R\6X=DL

.-D#F

SO9D0=NR&4F`:9@7RL'SX




L\6B!9A





*$DQFLI`-Y



:'XS
MINS2R)$TBSZ!5E-2P9ECEE\J!!BX?*Z]`HQ1:

V0UL5[=[+++@Y`'9?FS!.03*T/*?UFZW70R7
MWLBW(=<*:G]L)A&J3X[$$.LYI;@T36QS)!7J"Q)N6W:RD1Z5R74/S!@AZ9
M3S;Q
CP:(3I$?QPA
OR

*AS
2][[$_HE7[EI!

Y_D+9S^L`!;S#$

M8[T1G4*A*8WP#26IL[

M86RUN

A

^55AV6T


KO\&:R#9Q
9WH=P
+


U068&
N#.L

M+^QJ_BE-0BBR]^Z



`%P*LB\\@S





W4*G+$7L)G(A
IZ9X0(IGQQ4==MV*5&9)

MMR%FA=3`.SGAG-W=W5U$GG


M*.C@(B(76`FV%-$X`AKG;7%28

4[
M\A-AYARB21&RS#4W&).=6QZT`-=V)&Q3UXASU^C+[R$GSA1\B\/NRH
)7T

M.X]@0!ZPAD/F!DQ:R








19O%DV8&YQ#TG



`A5CFE]DI
MM[6IBX\!F$?N%9QK$2D+VF''=TR


ZKF2JI/!MNP
RBX?R?0)O
SK+@PO+#(RZ7A

M

'ORN/7D8\!$$SLE#=@W]B@@8A@9
2FB%-

=29\T@@2NFT5ATUD!L4LL*9-N8JFJVPR#V;IO\&I@
M:+GTZ0`K2=A;-IVG^`C#Y2UP\=;E3T4YIJW^!JW/E[V)N!7&%#T$MF^3C
MA\J=MA#F$%^4`(%O_\01LB?=)1$8^:]%U%=34_C


M.MH(($+'-#5=BD%?!TP3.M

9QU*YAJ=

33`W;E/2K
M9JG0M^=48#&^YW`)HHI-)9\U9!^MXJ16\SX'Y[4`?(`.\)P@:=PAM)Q9P5++




H(!Y:PE'$6Q1Y
M+7Y'^0#0O2\;4.15]PK^$T&'\CS^`_#TO/C-@G9PQP
.'U'#:*77E9*ZD
8]

G&9W4]6)Q-3G7$U=;$
=UVB
#=`YD+L3
1_5MS
M9:7;


QE(7&JA8.3R3Q/_
AS=I$+_42/C@A1LD^92%%AI
DI
M0]?R
[RQ!1':4&KB%(D.!:ELT_2KV1C*EJ!Q&/QTB52;@%ZV0&&%;2!;)6
M-Q&Y9)O
D\%A4;CT$?PG)E_G9?UI*AEB-H#R)-19))=4M%]E*%9E6D6CM0


PS


(#;^-]%\VM#828P5E:8G*MC#1;



N'AKO'JY


M.U^9A%UZA%OPQN710LYLH^^]]#PHU=K'$:4NRO)LTB2\92&:U.#$@[$]$#
M@J#RP?.F^5\-


8
R.DJJ5$0L#



/&\LG*

GRKPP/E*K2&
\6A+?YS4JPBG
M3C1U[B$)H/8\KGRFX71<WHB]KJ@L*XCP$BXSDVDL88QSN0U5P#/+RISL9'J


MBTS9D

VH4!%$\0BS`D06P0^#






W2$2&2YY'[S=1]S
M1++&*B.&Y%XJN@JGC4S$S#'2;.1YVSOZGWR488;H\4@04.I_J?;Q)?S'


G;N0Q%



MPLVE-_?1*J[CYAX$W0,[Y$'%D\^[@#X)\QM%NP@`2(%Y*!:/7FD3ZBBG\9

M31XXN\!^S'*)!SKWG'%C-Q0K=VLAFWO70X#;]?PI3`
4X'U


CMC#`-

O8*/
9Q?`FLID2WCI(F
R\P[$8^UD1[X%:Q^1@]@=
MYD+4D)C@Y'HU]`&YE&8N97KXQ3Q




5%B.1@1/\`6(OP!:#1.`/_W
MSW^\Y)7T

#W=UK'\1UW9%
F54G

1*GX%P&KL=MJ=%H)
-?Q
MOLFPM0X/#YOBUUAT2S+;O/SG21)\TZ='S^J-!1RT0)Y]-S'BSZ:PLEQSO?

M*3?@*+;B&DV!L/Z(M]SQ#G$62Y?;)I[-




M.F(NVZ@D2X@E)&7S7QQF?:`('O@G8B_\QTYTA)J


MF6%QKSR+&?U*3FM*MR@=S9DCF_NNC3`Y^QXX=
V5M%)4%DE(VB3#X'YY!M-5
M_!N$E=0



MTL:CDD@92&FKR2I+UEX?3?)C*WRF]8BMEI02'F)P!34'93G8[\&E0Z$[HK[U
MC3F=





T#

MKA\\26J0):4U[?PW)7@[4WFZ%G^M4ZPJA'0+E_966D62P/R=GRT



3)N4TW)EM`-6GL


M=**7!7\.7?O3KNOZ*WXI:NKCOA]
Z#1PHR8./7(F\UN^E&YLR[-)E

MK%X=X
.#M^VO-^



M\R?=MI2EP+-[EE()W2PES[X59L@S
U.98^(UG:J#XG+/FOE)NZB4Y^+B4^.U

MIDE)JB$WUTW]:=+20X197+;@`1H;?)O'/G&2K'RJ4SRV9FU:L2-/*U;K.!EA
MDI')WL'=Z$FA%UXI]4MD0-T;2_;&]/9JO'&7[55%$IIUX)X\$RG9A4UUA-PO
M877U%L.]-VCE$X=



_U.$





Q,PGX[RPHN@I<ZIPMEJZ_1GCK&;VC745RFG(+3C?IR!7G/S;(!#QG
#0


JH=B.I!7']-;REZY4=Q\P2KI/2;;OL%I_G*
MG]1-L5U4H)[!2Z7D?$ML.'4]^XR-)[J^\





-*(VUFO)R4M+0N8PQ4
M8NDSV3U!3)[1GB:*-
D_<Z0DH
MVQ!CS$*-`*^%OB[M^82:8ZT*G
)CGD'L
:QDB#`/O7Q/M(LY9FGPJ?S*1^3
MYBR0Z(:KX51Q
@@H7P393+

B.'90Y




MOIUK=(

Q0KE`!`32[2F]^STA2VC&^9^L)4MD1Q[-]KP4B@+G<*FT&:
M/I`9W<3FN4TB$F/BS&9R],2\9G@L0XH7#^$!MKAS#9EC*B#A4Q\WMSHGO)@

MII=@4L[CV]&!.;8HL!7/V9I7
PRDKV;H2E[-8$X[_`2;%'P=7);[,+K^I9C
M3CL4(E-MCU@N),29.L@^Q_Z%QO[?
$SF`J/9Y1U):&JMUPS;Y`PQSP%-I6#


MN--P%



ETAB`VZ]M3W974%L
MOPL6$X19K)*[13/DV]TV[X
!='


MWEST6V*.=57@*@Y&7'7-
6D#1GE)6%S.R5QR-


Z8)366J5SUL&^;52.!7T75Z<

M

M4$L!`AX#%`````@`N7#K0NG!?L88Y@``C2\0`!$`&````````0```*2!````

C`Q
S`T

M`AX#%`````@`N7#K0@YT*+-O#0``
ZT``!4`&````````0```*2!8^8``&9I

C`Q
S`T



M`0!F:7IZ+3(P
3



 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3324 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3306&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3307&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3308&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3324.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3309&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued

            compensation&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          8,051

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          9,252

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3312&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued

            promotions&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          3,912

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          5,450

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3315&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued

            insurance&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          1,451

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          1,621

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3318&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          5,728

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          4,956

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3324.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3321&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          19,142

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3324.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          21,279

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3273 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5148&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5149&gt;

            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;PROPERTY,

            PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3275&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property,

      plant and equipment as of April 27, 2013 and April 28, 2012

      consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3298 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3277&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3278&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3279&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3280&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          9,779

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          9,779

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3283&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Buildings

            and improvements&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          49,391

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          48,363

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3286&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Machinery

            and equipment&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          141,314

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          136,019

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3289&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          200,484

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          194,161

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3292&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less

            accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          (143,177

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          (137,432

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3295&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property,

            plant and equipment &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          57,307

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          56,729

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3300&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_Note4DebtDetailsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_Note4DebtDetailsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,#$U.#,X,E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R,S)A
M8S)B,3(V9#0B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
M
S)A8S)B







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

M






M=&5?



U]!8V-R=65D7TQI86)I;&ET

T0B



M
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC



O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

\+W@Z3F%M



M(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y.;W1E7S$P7U!E;G-I;VY?4&QA;G,\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z





M:&5E='







O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M7U!E;G-I;VY?4&QA;G-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





O4VAE970S


S$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M3F]T95\Q7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I;F=?



M3&EA8FEL:71I97-?1&5T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U




O4VAE970S-RYH







M=#



O4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970T




O
M4VAE970T






O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




%]096YS:6]N7U!L86YS7T1E=&%I
M;'





M
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970U
M






M='EL97-H965T($A2968]

M(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]






T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


#(L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3V-T+B`R-BP@
C`Q

]


]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^1&]C

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C



CDL


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^



]
'0^
#`P
#`V.3@Y


]



]







]





]







C`Q


]



]


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A
M8S)B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





]








@+2!N970\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C8Q+#4Y


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#(S


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP



]

]





]


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP




]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]

]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#(V



3DL
30R

M
C$L




]



T1T


]


]




M





]



]


#$S*2!A;F0@-3`L
S(Q+#4U.2!S
M:&%R97
@*#(P



S`L-#(U/'-P86X^


M

M1&YU;7`^
3`Y+#(P

]
T1P


T1T

]



C$L-C

]
M


T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($





#`@


]

]
T1P


]





]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C0P



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%1R96%S=7)Y
M(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




BPY
#`I


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY
M7V(Q-CE?
C
R86

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




@;W1H

C`Q

]
M

@875T



]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#
V





]







34P+#`P
M




]
T1N=6UP/C$U






]


]

]


]


]




]




S(L-S@T/'-P

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q
M-CE?
C
R86








C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#$Y



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Q-2PV


M-3

]

]


]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P






T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X
M97

]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#@Y


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#DP



]
T1N=6UP
M/C0S+#DY





]


]


T1T;W`^/'-T







M(#$N











]


T1T;W`^0F%S:6


]



T1T;W`^1&EL=71E





M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
M




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#



M:&5D9V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.34I/'-P

RPP
M-C

M;7`^


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;G5M/B@S



]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#
R

M/3-$;G5M/B@S+#
Y





RPU


M87)T7V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q
C9D-`T*0V]N





]

M







]


]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@5')E87-U



M36%Y+B`P
2P@
C`Q






S`L-S8W+#`P
#QS


]



















M








]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S













]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S/]T
























]


]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6T^*#$P-BPS
30L


]


]










M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5N9!O9B!P97)I;V0@870@07!R+B`S,P@
C`Q
3PO

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S4Q+#`P


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPY
#`L
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C@P+#
S-BPP


]


]
T1R




M1&YU;7`^
CDP+#`P


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y


]





]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T







RPY.3
L

L.3DS+#`P


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






M;3XH
RPP-C
L


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
L
#8S+#`P

]

]


]




C@L(#(P




#
L


S`L-#(U+#`P


M;G5M/B@U+#$P


C$L-C
V+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#
P


]



















M








]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S





S`L







C
P+#`P

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S/]T
























]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#DR




]
T1T

]
T1T

SDL


]


]

SDL


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$U
RPP



























]


]







]


]
T1N=6T^*#(W+#`P


]

C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


#`L



C@L

]

]



Q-BPP


34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q
M



]
T1R


C@L(#(P


]

P

@





M
C`Q



M
C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



3


S`L
M(#(P


C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]M;6]N
M(%1R96%S=7)Y(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C$U

C(L
#`P

M-3`L
C8R+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]

]


]













]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]
T1N=6UP/C0P

C(L

C8R+#`P
#QS





34P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#
S+#`P



T1T

]
M

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#`P


]


]


]


F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
M
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
M
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q

'0O:'1M



]

@

]
M

]
T1T:#Y!


S`L(#(P



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#
L.3DS+#`P







2PP
#(L


3`L-C4Q+#`P

]



]
T1N=6T^*#0W-RPP


]
T1R

L



BPP




]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Y


]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#8W.2PP
#`I/'-P

BPP
M-S@L

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(X+#`P

Q.2PP




]
T1N=6T^*#(L
C
Y+#`P



30L
M


]
T1N=6UP/C@R.2PP


M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#$Y
RPP
M

M;3XH-BPY-3DL


M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP/C4U+#
P
BPP








]

M1&YU;3XH.2PV.3
L

2PS.#DL


]


]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#8Q-BPP
#`I/'-P

M-3(L







]

]



T1T;W`^

BPP


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P




]






T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@=&%X(&)E;F5F

#$L
#`P/'-P

CDU
M+#`P


]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0X+#`P-RPP








M;G5M/B@V
2PQ.30L

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@17%U:79A;&5N='

M
S4L-C(V+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C8X+#4V-BPP


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$X+#(V-RPP


C8L




]




]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#`P



]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A
M8S)B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]





#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

T140DPS

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


+4%
24=..B!T







M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S




T0G1D].


@86YD($5X8VAA;F=E




!A;F0L(&%S#0H@(`-

M
3

C`Q
2!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8-





M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1005)!









24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

R
C`^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C(Q/@T*

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY87-I8PT*(`-B`@(`@



-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!A=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M



C`Q
RP@
3@Q
M+#`P


#$Q







M97












M#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



T1005)!
S(P
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(#QF;VYT

M+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY!;&P-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!L


@:6X@8VER8W5M

MB`@(`T*(`@(`@86X@87-S970@;6%Y(&YO=!B92!R96-O=F5R86)L92X@
M06X@:6UP86ER960@87-S970@:7



M9B!I='

@9F%I

C4[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

L


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C`V/@T*(`@(`T*(`@

M;BP@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@


M9!A;6]U;G1S(&EN#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE

@;V8@9&5F


M



M(`T*(`@(`@4')O9W)A;7

T1005)!


'!T)SY790T*



M8W1U87)I86P@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M(!C;&%I;7,@97AP97)I96YC92X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

R



T1005)!
M
S(Q


M


C`Q




M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C$U

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`Q
R!W97)E(&-O

C`Q
B!W

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@;6EL;&EO;BX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

R



M63H@5&EM97





&-E


L('1O
M=&%L960@)#0T+C8@;6EL;&EO;B!I;@T*(`@#0H@(`@(!&:7-C86P@,C`Q
M,RP@)#0U+C@@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!&:7-C86P@,C`Q,B!A;F0@)#4R+CD@;6EL
M;&EO;@T*(`T*(`@(`@:6X@1FES8V%L(#(P,3$N/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

R
M
C

3!P

M
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

M5&EM97
















63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@;F]T('1O(&%L;&]W('1H

@;VYC92!T:&5Y#0H@#0H@(`@(!H879E

@


N(%1H92!A;6]U;G1S(&AA=F4@
M8F5E;B!I;6UA=&5R:6%L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&%N9P@86-C;W)D:6YG;'DL




M63H@5&EM97


T1005)!
S(S
#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T




@=F]L=6UE+B!7:&5N#0H@(`T*(`@(`@=&AE(&EN8V5N=&EV92!I


@=F]L=6UE


@



M(&%M;W5N='



M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CX\:3Y396=M96YT#0H@(`T*(`@

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97








C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C






M9W)E9V%T960@)#0T+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!&:7-C86P@
C`Q
RP-B`-B`@
M(`@(0T
2XX(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@1FES8V%L(#(P
3(@86YD(0T,2XS(&UI
M;&QI;VX@:6X@1FES8V%L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#(P
3$N($%L=&AO=6=H(&]U

@;6%R9VEN

63H@5&EM97
@


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T1005)!
S(T


'!T)SX\8CX\


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




X
C$W.W
-











M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V


M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S





M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C$N=')A:6PN
M1#0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS,C8V+F9I;E)O=RXR/@T*(`@(`T*

M2#H@-34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%




M



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M63H@5&EM97

M:60]
T140DPS

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


M



M25I%.B`Q

24=..B!C96YT97([



M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A:6PN1#,^#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

24=.

T0G


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS

M5$)






M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/@T*



M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXS+G-Y
M;6(N
SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R
M-C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+C
^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T-3(-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


RYL
M96%D+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M

T14
M0DPS

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@-34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N


3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS




M13H@

T140DPS
C8V
M+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%




M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XS/@T*(`@

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF:6Y2

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@


T1005)!



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)


CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H-#$-
#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@<V5R:68[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS

M(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XS/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@U

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M+C0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*#$R-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


S(V-BYF:6Y2



M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M13H@

T140DPS
C8V


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@


M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXV+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`T-3(-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





M97



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

R-S`^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@



M='











M=%]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




T0G
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P

R-S
@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$




L

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

+4%

30Y/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@4$Q!3E0@04Y$($5154E0345.5#PO9F]N=#X\






#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T14
M0DPS

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A



M



T1005)!

M5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)



M


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I

M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S


3!P




M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S


M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
M-S`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M34E
63H@5&EM97





3!P

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O
M=RXS+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


M4D]53D0M0T]

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C,N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE
M860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M

T140DPS
CDX+F9I
M;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C


3!P=#L@

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


63H@
M5&EM97

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N

M24142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C(@



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

38P.PT*(`T*

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT
M+F%M=XS/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T.PS-C


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C
@



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


63H@5&EM97


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`@)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

2PS

M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N
M9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

Q-C`[

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$S-BPP
3D-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A
M:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G3$E.
M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(Y

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XS/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C8N


M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C,^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.30L
M
38Q#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)


63H@5&EM97


M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N
CX-


CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H
30S

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@*#$S-RPT




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+C



S(Y

M4D]53D0M0T]


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@(`@#0H@

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)






24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)



63H@5&EM
M97

T1005)!
M
S
P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



M

3




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0P/@T*
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I
M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\8B!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+51204Y31D]233H@=7!P97)C87-E)SXS+CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

+4%


M;&4]

251)15
\+V9O;G0^/]B/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^

24=..B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
S



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P

S
C0@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D0S(&-O;'-P86X]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


I/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@

#`P

'!X.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0S/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


1494.B`P




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



BYA;70N1#(@8V]L

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/3-$4$%203
S

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


3!P



BYA;70N1#

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

S
#@^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


BYT




M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P



M.B`Q



RYL96%D+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M

T140DPS
S(T+F9I
M;E)O=RXS+F%M=XR/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@.PP-3$-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
R

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

#`P

M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
R

CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,RPY,3(-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%


M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S,C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q

M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N
M9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4L-#4P#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

S
C0N
M9FEN4F]W+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
M


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M
S

2PT-3$-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W
M+C4N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
M
C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C(Q#0H@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


S
M
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!
M4D$S


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W
M+C8N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-2PW
C@-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M

T140DPS
S(T+F9I
M;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


SX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`T+#DU-@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


S


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3(E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PQ-#(-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


63H@5&EM
M97

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I


M
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86

O4VAE970Q
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


]




M25I%.B`Q



M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

M63H@5&EM97


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@:60]
T1005)!-3$U
SX-



'!T)SY$


T1005)!
S

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q
RP@82!S=6)S:61I87)Y(&]F('1H







BP@
C`Q-2!T;R!!

M9W

24)/4B`H

C`Q




M(!M:6QL:6]N+`D


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

S
S`^





M;B!T:&4@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97
I+!A;F0@8V]N=&%I;@T*(`@(`T*


#$S+!W92!W97)E(&EN(&-O;7!L:6%N
M8V4@=VET:!A;&P@;&]A;@T*(`@#0H@(`@(!C;W9E;F%N=',N/]F;VYT

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
M
F%C
F(Q






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



]





M3F]T92!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M0T%
+4%

T0G1D].

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



'!T)SY4:&4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!#;VUP

M:&%R92D@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@


C`Q
M
2!A;F0@)#8R+C


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

S
M

3!P



M)B
X
C(Q.RD@9F]R(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T92!P=7)C:&%S90T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@('!R:6-E(&]F(0R,!M:6QL:6]N+B!397)I97



@



M86-I;&ET:65S+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@=&AE#0H@(`-B`@(`@($-O;7!A
M;GD@:&%S(#$U,PP


T0G

M;&4]


#`@=&\@
2XV#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@;6EL;&EO;B!S:&%R97

M;`R-RP@,C`Q,RP@-3`R+#`V,`T*(`@#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@=V5R92!P
M=7)C:&%S960@=6YD97(@=&AE('!R;V=R86T@86YD(#$L
#DW+#DT




T1005)!
S
T
M


'!T


X
C(P.T--028C.#(R
3LI



M:&4@969F:6-I96YT('5S92!O9@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@;6%N86=E;65N=!O




M:6YT97)N86P@875D:70@86YD#0H@#0H@(`@(!M86YA9V5M96YT(&EN9F]R

@9&5P87)T;65N='
I(&%S('=E;&P@87
@=&AE#0H@



M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!F;W(@86YY('-U8V@@=')A;G-A8W1I;VXN($--02P@=&AR







@;G5M97)O=7
@:6YD:79I9'5A;'
L('=H;VTL(&%C=&EN

M;G

M($--02!A;B!A;FYU86P@8F%S92!F964@97%U86P@=&\@;VYE#0H@(`-B`@

@;V8@


M87D@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!A=V%R9!A9&1I
M=&EO;F%L(&EN8V5N=&EV92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@=&\@0TU!+B8C,38P.U1H
M90T*(`-B`@(`@($)O87)D)B
Q-C`[;V8@1&ER96-T;W)S(&]N(&YU;65R


38P
M.V]F('1H:7
@86=R965M96YT+!N;PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@:6YC96YT:79E
M(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!H87
@8F5E;B!P86ED+B8C

M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@;6%N86=E;65N=!F965S('1O($--02!O9B`D-BXV

M;&EO;B!F;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P


3


F(R
M-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86









]


M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='




M961G:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97


M24142#H@

T0G5TE$5$@Z

+4%





\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M







M8FQE('1O('1H92!E9F9E8W1I=F4-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!P;W)T:6]N(&]F


#M!3T-))B
X
C(Q.RD@86YD#0H@#0H@(`@(!R96-L87-S:69I

@:6X@=&AE




C`Q
B!A;F0@1FES8V%L(#(P

M
#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S

M3E0M4TE:13H@




3!P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE
M860N1#(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X.2YF:6Y2


L


24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)




24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

S-38^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#
^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S

BYA;70N1#


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


M=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M

L('-E

24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



S

SX-B`@(`-



T1005)!
S
U

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

Q-C`[

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN
M9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+D(R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D(R/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C
N
M86UT+D(S/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D(S/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+D(T/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T140DPS
M
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D(T/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS,S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-

M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
M




M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M
S


M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W



B4[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@T+#0X-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN,R!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`D#0H@

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


3!P

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O





C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
S8T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@



63H@5&EM
M97

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N
M
CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M4D]53D0M0T]

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C,^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
2PR.3D-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M63H@5&EM97


S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C8^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/

M4TE:13H@

MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN
M4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X.2YF

^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

^#0H@(`-B`@


M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN
M9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#(L.#0R#0H@(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

3U(Z

#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@<V5R:68[($U!4D=)3BU

M13H@

T140DPS
S@Y




M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0G5$58




M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I
M;E)O=RXW+FQE860N0C(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


24=.

1494


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE
M860N0C

M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S

38P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]




M3E0M4TE:13H@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE860N0C0^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X.2YF


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M:60]
T140DPS

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`@)B


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C@N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R
M+#`V,`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXX+G-Y
M;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M8BXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

3(E.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!0041$24Y'
M+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+CDN;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+CDN

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXY+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`V.0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
M.#DN9FEN4F]W+CDN86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#(R
#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@<V5R:68[($U!4D=)3BU

M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M


S

3`^#0H@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU



T0G5$58




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
M.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$P+FQE860N
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ


M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

SX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,C(Q#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

38P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$P+G-Y;6(N
M-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$P+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`H,SDW#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M13H@


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

3$N=')A:6PN
M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@

M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=2

1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ

^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


L

P
#`P
#`@



3!P=#L@

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ
M



24=..B!L969T

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$Q+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I
M;E)O=RXQ

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE


M#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




M9R!N;PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@8V]M;6]D:71Y('!R

'0@='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H<RX@4V5E($YO=&4-B`@#0H@

C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

L('-E

C`Q
R!A;F0@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3(L('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E
M(&]F('1H90T*(`T*(`@(`@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@=V%S(0Y
M-C0L,#`P(&%N9`D-3`S+#`P

M4W5C:!V86QU871I;VX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(&1O97,@;F]T(&5N=&%I;!A


B!A




M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V









]




]
6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q
#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPU


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M(&ED/3-$4$%2034Q-C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M13H@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P

T
C8@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D0T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



'!T


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C$N=')A:6PN1#0^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@

T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C

M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

B!C


M4TE:13H@


C4[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#`T/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T1005)!

L('-E

3
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS-#(V





M25I%.B`Q

M


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#`X/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


RYA;70N1#0@8V]L

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(&ED/3-$4$%203
T

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF



M;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#4U)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%






M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T



CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@S-PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN,B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T


M

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%

M(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
T




3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M,C4[($U!4D=)3CH@,'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#$T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M;BP@5&EM97


24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F

-B`@(`T*(`@


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2

SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58

M1%1(.B`Q

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N
M86UT+C0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#@R#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@






24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

T
3@^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
CX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C(@;F]W



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N

M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C





3!P

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O

M63H@5&EM97

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2


3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.

T10
M05)!
S0R


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W


M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#

1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W


M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+C
@;F]W


Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T

M8BXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M

63H@5&EM
M97



F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R
M-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
M
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q






M(#@@+2!);F-O;64@5&%X97



]




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M

63H@5&EM97



M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@:60]
T1005)!-3$V-3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT('-T

'!T)SX\8B!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y3
M1D]233H@=7!P97)C87-E)SY)3D-/344-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!405A%
M4SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE/CQB

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z
M(#$N,C4[($U!4D=)3CH@,'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#,V/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M2#H@

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXQ/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


1494.B`P




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ




M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M

L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C



M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



'!T
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#0R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@




M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXS
M+FQE860N1#
^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S0U-RYF

RYA;70N1#

M97

24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

T-#

M;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

N
M;&5A9Y$-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M13H@

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q





3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O


M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!724142#H@-34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



M;70N
CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(S+#
U.0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0U-RYF:6Y2


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

C
L
M
S@P#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,BPU.3`-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@:60]
T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXU/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
CX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-S(-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXU+G1R86EL+C



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N-#X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#





M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

T10
M05)!
S0U



MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


C
L-3

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



3!P

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O

P
#`P
#`@

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`@(#(Q+#@Y-@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X\






@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97

M;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N#0H@(`T*(`@(`@5F%L=6%T
M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('1O(')E9'5C92!T:&4@



@87
@;V8@07!R:6P@
M

#$R(&-O;G-I


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P

T.30@8F]R9&5R/3-$



L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
M.30N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D0S(&-O;'-P86X]

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


I/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

'!X.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0S/@T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M:60]

M;&4]


M3E0M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`@)B


1494





M=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
T-C


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L@5D52


M
BYA;70N1#

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P








'!T


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M4TE:13H@

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].



M0T]

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXS
M+FQE860N0C

M;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED
M/3-$5$)



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+D(S
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T14


M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P

M;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!






3!P=#L@

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXT
M+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


M3D0M0T]

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I


M13H@

T140DPS-#DT



M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
M
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T





3!P

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O
M=RXT+G1R86EL+C

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!0
M041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

T-CD^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,S4U#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


^#0H@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#4P#0H@


M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@:60]
T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXV/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


\


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0Y

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C(^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-2PU.38-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C(@;F]W



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N

M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2

T-S4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D52

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


38P.PT*

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M4TE:13H@

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE860N0C
^#0H@#0H@

M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXW

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
M

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B4[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+CDN86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+CDN=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N
M9FEN4F]W+CDN;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N
M9FEN4F]W+CDN=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$P+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


B4[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


3`N=')A:6PN
M
R!N;W=R87`]

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P

M

M:71I97


3$N;&5A
M9XR/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58

M1%1(.B`Q

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$Q
M+F%M=XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#8V
@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


3$N
M=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].

3$N;&5A9XS/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

B4[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$Q+F%M=XS/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#8V-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


3$N=')A:6PN
R!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O
M=RXQ
CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

1494



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F


3(N;&5A9XR/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N
M9FEN4F]W+C$R+F%M=XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$R+G-Y;6(N,SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
M
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ



M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M13H@

M9!T87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@)B,X,C$Q.R!N970\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ

M+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

3

63H@5&EM
M97


M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ

^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3
N86UT+C


M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@


'!T)SY4:&4-



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y$
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@5&EM
M97


63H@5&EM97


24=..B!C96YT


1494.B`P


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
U



3!P


CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#DY/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


L



T1005)!
S4P

M5&EM97

3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@

#`P
#`P

M33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL
M+D0S/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y$-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97

M:60]





C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1005)!
S4P
M

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T14
M0DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0T/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$

C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3`T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W
M+C(N;&5A9XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\
M+VD^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\+VD^#0H@(`@#0H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@
S4N



3!P=#L@

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXR

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M

T140DPS-3(T+F9I
M;E)O=RXR+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

S4N
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXR+G1R
M86EL+C


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O
M=RXR+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M
S4N
`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXR+G1R86EL



M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE.

U
#@^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!3=&%T92!I
M;F-O;64@=&%X97


63H@5&EM
M97

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN
M4F]W+C


M2#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C,N=')A:6PN,B!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C,N;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)






M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)






3!P

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O
M=RXS+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z

RYA;70N
M-#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,BXT#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#,N,0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN
M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M+C



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M*#
N
0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#,N,`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].




M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@*XQ#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O
M=RXU+G-Y;6(N






3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+G1R86EL+C



M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%



M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(XU#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97


U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3(P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,S,N
M-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P







3!P=#L@

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXV
M+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


S0N

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,S0N.0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


T0G

63H@5&EM97




@)#0N
R!M:6QL:6]N+!O9B!W
M:&EC:`D
3(V+#`P


RXU(&UI;&QI
M;VXN($$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@8VAA



M


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

#`P
#`P(#%P

63H@5&EM
M97

T14


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


I/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*(`@

#`P

'!X.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0T/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


1494.B`P




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ





T1005)!
S4S

M97


'!T)SY&:7-C86P\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@



'!T)SXR



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U



T0G5$58


M





T1005)!
S4S
3X-

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&:7-C86P\+V9O



'!T)SXR
#$R


M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U
RYF:6Y2





3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O



T1005)!
S4S

L


M25I%.B`Q



'!T)SXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U






M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

RYL96%D
M+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@-PU-#@-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R


M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U


^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXS

M.B`C
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

RYL96%D+C0^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

RPY

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L

1494.B`P



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
CX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

CX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-#$U#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3


M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

#@-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S4U

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXU/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'


M+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY$96-R96%S97
-B`@#0H@(`@


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U-3,N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XR/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XR/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@V
30-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U-3,N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A
M:6PN,R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97












3!P

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O
M=RXV+FQE860N

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

M(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T.0T*(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




M4TE:13H@

T140DPS


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C
@



1494.B`P


M:60]

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U


M
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-34U/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M871E9!T;PT*(`@#0H@(`@(!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S
M(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92X@07
@;V8@07!R:6P-B`@#0H@(`@

M9!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&]F(0U,30L,#`P+!O

#`@=V%S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@
M87
-B`@(`T*(`@(`@82!T87@@8F5N969I=!I;B!&:7-C86P@
C`Q
RX\


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T



M;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G


@;6%Y#0H@(`T*(`@(`@96QA

M969I='

M(`@(`@9&EF9FEC=6QT('1O('!R961I8W0@=&AE(&9I;F%L(&]U=&-O;64@

M='

L
M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@87





@




M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
M
F%C
F(Q






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]



L(%-H87)E+6)A

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L
M92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,3`P)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5$)
-3$V-B!B;W)D97(]


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@:60],T1005)!-3$V-SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M=&]P)SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@:60]
T1005)!-3$V.#X-B`@(`-


'!T)SX\
M8CY35$]#2RU05-%1`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!#3TU014Y3051)3TX\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE/CQB


M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



63H@5&EM97

X
C(P.T]M;FEB=7
@4&QA
M;B8C.#(R

@9F]R('5P('1O(#0L.#`P+#`P
M


L

M='













M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-38X/@T*

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=FED97








M

M:7-S=65D(&%T('1H92!D:7)E8W1I;VX@;V8@=&AE#0H@#0H@(`@(!#:&%I

C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@

L('-E


X
C(P.TM%



M('=H;R!P=7)C:&%S92!S:&%R97



M(`@(!P=7)C:&%S960L('5P('1O(&$@;6%X:6UU;2!O9B`V+#`P











M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY790T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@86-C;W5N

M:&]L97
@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UO9&5L('1O(&5S=&EM871E#0H@(`T*(`@(`@
M=&AE('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%T(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0N


M

3
L(#
L
M

#$L-3`P#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97,@:6X@1FES8V%L(#(P,3$N(%1H92!W96EG:'1E
M9!A=F5R86=E($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97
-B`@(`-B`@(`@(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@9F]R('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G






@;V8@
2XV)2!F;W(@1FES8V%L#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@
C`Q
RP@
BXU)2!F;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P


C`Q











MB`@(`@(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@

L('-E



#$S.CPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@

#`E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M3#

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

1494




T1005)!
S4W-3X-

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS


L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


2YL96%D+D0S

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M+C$N86UT+D0S(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T

C4[
M($U!4D=)3CH@




M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'24XZ(#!P

M;&4]



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)




M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

T1005)!

#`P
#`P

M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9FEN4F]W+C(N;&5A9XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M1%1(.B`Q

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M




3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4Y-RYF



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXR+F%M=XS/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M-RXR-`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#(L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`X+C
Y#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'


M+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F

CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#0P+#(T,`T*(`@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3@X/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXU
M+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T+CDP#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*






M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXV+F%M=XR
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T-#$L.#$P#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4Y-RYF

^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
M
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M(`T*(`@(`@/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

U.30^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C8U+#`X.`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#





M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+C



63H@
M5&EM97

63H@
M5&EM97



@)#(S


#$R(&%N9`D-#0V+#`P,!F;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P
3$N(%1H92!T;W1A

@
M)#0U
RPP

`T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(!F;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P,3(@86YD(0Q
S4L

C`Q
M



C`Q
B!A


M;VYS#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@=V5R92`D,C,Y+#`P,!F;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P
M
3

#`P(&9O

C`Q
RP@)#(Y-2PP

C$L

C`Q
2X@5&AE('=E:6=H

3

M;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

V
#
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






C`Q
R!W87










M;WEE97


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
M
F%C
F(Q






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@





]

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,3`P)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


-3$V.2!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

T1005)!-3$W
M


M.B`Q
'!T)SX\8CXQ

M



'!T)SY4



24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

V
3
^#0H@


@:6X@=F%R:6]U






#M04$$F(S@R
C$[

@;V8@=&AE('!L86X@;6%Y(&)E(&)O





#M&25`O4E`@4W1A='5S)B
X
C(Q.RDN(%1H92!M



C`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M
T1005)!-3$X-#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0S





T0K


M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$U

24=..B!C
M96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T)SX-

T0K
#X\=3XR
#$S/]U
M/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-#4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


T1005)!-3$Y



M/3-$*S`^/'4^
C`Q
CPO=3X\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG('=I9'1H/3-$
C`X/@T*(`-B`@


24=..B!C96YT
M97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$U
3DS/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$*S`^


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$U
3DT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$*S`^0V5N=')A;!3=&%T97,L(%-O=71H96%S
M=!A;F0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(%-O=71H=V5S=#PO9F]N=#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0K
#Y2960\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0K
#Y2960\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C`X

T0K
#Y)
M;7!L96UE;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
C0^


T10




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

#0T
C0S*3PO9F]N




'!T)R!I
M9#TS1%!!4D$U
C`T/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M*S`^*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[0U-34R!&=6YD)B
X

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$T-3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(P.#X-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(R-#X-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T-S@^#0H@#0H@(`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!-05)'24XM0D]4

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

'!T.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-


24=..B!C
M96YT97([($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T)R!I
M9#TS1%!!4D$U
C$Q/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M*S`^1W)E96X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@



T0R
C0^#0H@


T1005)!
M-3(Q



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$W-CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$T-3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(P.#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(R-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


T1005)!-3(Q.3X-B`@(`T*(`@

X
C(P.U=#5!&=6YD
M)B,X,C(Q.RD\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
30U/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
C`X/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C(T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

T0G

63H@5&EM97

M(`T*(`@(`@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q






@97AP:7)E(&]N($]C
M=&]B97(@
3@L(#(P

24=..B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
V

M

M:6)U=&EO;G

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M
T0P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)





L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

V



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#

M24142#H@-34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M(&ED/3-$4$%203
V

M;&4]

M(`@($9U;F0\+V9O;G0^/]U/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@

T0G


M13H@




M;BP@5&EM97

24=..B!C96YT97([


24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



RYA;70N1#
@8V]L

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(&ED/3-$4$%203
V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




T0G5$58


M




M5&EM97


24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)



24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

V



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P





M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G3$E.12U(14E'
M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-C

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY#4U-3#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@1G5N
M9#PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M

T140DPS-C4T+F9I
M;E)O=RXT+F%M=XR/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PP-3$-B`-B`@(`@


1494.B`P


M:60]



3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8U

^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@

1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XS/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@.30T#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
M-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,V-30N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R


V
M-30N9FEN4F]W+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


T1005)!
S8T
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C4N
M;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#0W

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXU+G1R86EL+C




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE
M860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`V,3(-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V
M-30N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@

M(&ED/3-$5$)





'!T)SY/=&AE

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,V-30N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C8R#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


2PW.#0-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N
SX-

P
#`P
#`@
M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C0S

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`T*




3!P=#L@

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXW
M+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXW


M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
M
F(Q







3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


3


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97


T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15,\+V(^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I

M4TE:13H@

@

M97






M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M)U=)1%1(.B`X

M='(@:60]
T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXQ/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C
M96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X


M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P

24=..B!C96YT97([


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O


S8X

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



'!T)SY&:7-C86P-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P
30\

M.B`C
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C(N;&5A9XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)

S8X


M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#@U)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


63H@
M5&EM97

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V.#`N
M9FEN4F]W+C

M24142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X


M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXT

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#@U)3L@1D].

M3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS

T0G1D].

C`Q-CPO


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
CX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS



T140DPS

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$

C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@



M(`@(`@
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*




3!P=#L@

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXU
M+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C8N


3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R+#
V
0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X




M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@



M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@


M-RYA;70N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


S8X
M

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'24XZ


'!T)SY4;W1A;`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXX+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,PT
S4-

M24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-C@R


#$S+!W92!G=6%R86YT
M965D('1H92!R97-I9'5A;!V86QU92!O9@T*(`T*(`@(`@8V5R=&%I;B!L
M96%S960@97%U:7!M96YT(&EN('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#4N.2!M:6QL:6]N












M;W(@1FES8V%L(#(P
30@86YD(0V+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@1FES8V%L#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`R











M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A
M8S)B


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]


]
M



T1T

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL
M93TS1=724142#H@,3`P)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

-3$W
M-2!B;W)D97(]





T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P

W


M3#
W

24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
W

1494


30^#0H@

M63H@5&EM97


MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0U/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T14

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@

M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


M
BYL96%D+D0R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+D0R(&-O;'-P86X]

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


M
BYL96%D+D0S/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+D0S(&-O;'-P86X]

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@





M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




T0G5$58


M






M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY4:&ER9#PO

M;&4]

M

M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

W



M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\8CY&:7-C86P-


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M4F]W+C
N;&5A9Y
CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
38P.SPO8CX-

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXS+G-Y;6(N



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED
M/3-$5$)



CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS-S(W
M+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N0C
^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S$V,#L\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


RYS

Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

N=')A:6PN0C
^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M

RYL96%D+D(T/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M+C


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

M+4)/5%1/33H@

M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

M(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS


M13H@

#L\+V(^



T0G0D]21$52




M5$)



C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T

M


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W

M


CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.#(L.#0Y#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C0@;F]W



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N-3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@




M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-S`W/@T*(`T*



M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3@L

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M




3!P=#L@

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXU
M+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4T+#4Y
0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

R!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W
M



3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O





M13H@

T140DPS-S(W
M+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N-3X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%




M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3@L,#$S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXV/@T*(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXV+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#$T+#,Y,@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W


M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@.24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9XU/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


M


M13H@

T140DPS-S(W



24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'24XZ




M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)





3!P

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O
M=RXW+G-Y;6(N


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M8BXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


M(`@(`@(`N,3@-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M(XR-@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)






3!P=#L@5D52

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE.

W
C(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

-B`-B`@(`@(`@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M+4%



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXX+F%M
M=XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(XS
0T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)


Q-C`[

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+C(V#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXX+G1R86EL+C




M13H@

T140DPS-S(W
M+F9I;E)O=RXX+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@(`N,3@-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2

1494.B`P


M:60]

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@/]T86)L
M93X\8G(O/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`U

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q

M
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


2YL96%D+D(R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G-Y;6(N0C(^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D(R/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%!!1$1)

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W
M+C$N=')A:6PN0C(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N
M9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

38P
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\


1494.B`P


M/&(^)B
Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED
M/3-$5$)



M34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G-Y;6(N0C4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D(U/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S$V
#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(&UE9&EU;2!N;VYE.R!415A4+4%


M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C$N=')A



3!P=#L@

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2

W
S`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C(N;&5A9XR
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N
M9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXR
M+G1R86EL+C


M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



BYA;70N-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
S8L-#`Q#0H@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A
M:6PN-!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C(N;&5A9XU/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M


M5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M
RYA;70N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`V


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C(@



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

38P.PT*(`T*






Q

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+F%M
M=XT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#0U+#(S-0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C,N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C




3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


RYA;70N
M-3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`U


M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]





'!T)SY.
M970-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XS/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#$R,PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XU/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#$Q+#4S,0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS




C4[
M($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-S0U/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


3L@8F%S:6
\+V9O


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN
M4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+C(Y#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXU+G1R86EL


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M;70N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`N
C0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN,R!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(XQ-PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y


M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@+C(U#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

T1005)!



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN
M4F]W+C8N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@+C(Y#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M;70N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`N
C0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN,R!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(XQ-PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y


M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@+C(U#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



F(R
M-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86

O4VAE970R
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1#$^


3
\8G(^



]


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M97

#M'04%0)B
X



M96%R(&5N9'

S`@86YD


N

C`Q
B!A;F0@1FES8V%L(#(P
3$@8V]N


]
M






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M:')E92!M;VYT:'



]



C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T
M)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S


'!T
M)SX\8CX\:3Y$97)I=F%T:79E#0H@#0H@(`@(!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U
M;65N='

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@












N

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T10
M05)!
S(R


M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

-


@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V


M9&EL=71I=F4@969F96-T(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
L#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

@:6X@1FES8V%L
M(#(P
3
L(#$X
2PP

M



M:7-C86P@
C`Q
2!W97)E(&YO=`T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN

M;VX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!S:&%R92!B96-A=7-E('1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G
@
M=V5R92!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


M34E
63H@5&EM97






@=V4-B`@#0H@(`@





T1005)!
S(R
#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




M4TE:13H@



M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97


M:7
@8V%L8W5L871E9!I;B!A('-I;6EL87(-B`@#0H@(`@(!M86YN97(L


M
!S:&%R97,@:6X@1FES8V%L(#(P,3,L(#$X,2PP,#`-B`@(`T*(`@(`@


M:7-C86P@
C`Q


]

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:7(-B`-B`@(`@(%9A;'5E/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



M97













T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N



T1005)!
S(P
CX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97








@;F]T('-U8FIE8W0@
2!O<B!S;V]N97(@:68@=V4@8F5L:65V



@:7



]


T1005)!
S(P-3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



T0G



@8F5T
M=V5E;B!T:&4@=&%X#0H@(`T*(`@(`@8F%S97
@;V8@87-S971S(&]R(&QI


M(`@(`@87-S971S('=H96X@:70@:7





T1005)!
S(P.#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S
M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CX\:3Y);G1A;F=I8FQE#0H@(`@

\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`\+W`^/&)R

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

R




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y+!0

M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C$T

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\8CX\:3Y);G9E;G1O

M;&4]




M(`@(&9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S(&]F(0R
RXR(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(')A=R!M

@;V8@)#$V+C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(!M:6QL:6]N+B!);G9E









24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(
M5#H@

R

M;&4]









#$R(&%N9`D-3(N.2!M:6QL:6]N#0H@#0H@(`@


]

M+4%
24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE..B`P

R
C



T1005)!
S(R-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M8F5T=&5R;65N='

M



M97%U:7!M96YT+B!



@86YD



M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C(V/CQF

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\8CX\:3Y2979E;G5E#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@

63H@5&EM
M97



@;F]T

@;VYC92!T:&5Y#0H@


M=&5D(')E='5R;G

N(%1H92!A
M;6]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!I;6UA=&5R:6%L#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&%N9P@




T1T;W`^4V%L97


24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

R

T0G1D].

24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

R
S`^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE






N(%-A
M;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97
@87)E(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F;W(@87,@80T*(`T*(`@



T1005)!
S(S
M
SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M(`@(`@07

M:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&EN(&$@9F]R;6%T('1H870@:7

M=`T*(`-B`@(`@('=I=&@@=&AE(&EN=&5R;F%L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;F9O




]



63H@
M5&EM97

@




C`Q
2X@06QT:&]U


M87)G:6X@;6%Y(&YO=!B92!C;VUP87)A8FQE('1O#0H@(`-B`@(`@(&-O



]



C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S
C


'!T)SX\8CX\
M:3Y3=&]C:RU87-E9`T*(`-B`@(`@($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO:3X\+V(^

M24=..B!J=7-T:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M(&ED/3-$4$%203
R

M3E0M4TE:13H@



@;6]D96PN
M(%-E90T*(`T*(`@(`@3F]T928C

]
T1R


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S


'!T)SX\8CX\


24=..B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03

M



M(&%C8V]U;G1S+B!790T*(`T*(`@(`@97AT96YD(&-R961I=!B87-E9!O
M;B!A;B!E=F%L=6%T:6]N(&]F(&5A8V@@8W5S=&]M97(F(S@R





M(&-R961I=!C;VYD:71I;VYS(&%N9!H:7-T;W)I8V%L('=R:71E+6]F9G
N
M($%C=&EV:71Y(&EN('1H90T*(`-B`@(`@(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U
M8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N=',@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/@T*(`-B`@

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@-24[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:60]
T140DPS

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS
C8V+F9I



M4TE:13H@

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


2YL96%D+D0T/@T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!724142#H@
S$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T140DPS
C8V+F9I

3`^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`U

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


63H@5&EM97
@

T140DPS
M
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S

M3E0M4TE:13H@




M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A:6PN1#(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C


M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P

24=..B!C96YT97([



63H@
M5&EM97

C`Q

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



M4TE:13H@



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3$\

M.B`C
#`P

M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A:6PN1#0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS
M

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@-34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY86QA;F-E#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M
RYL96%D+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

SDY#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF:6Y2


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A9XS/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF

RYA;70N
SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#0U
@T*(`@(`T*(`@

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N
M-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C,N86UT+C0^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`U
#D-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R


R
M-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M;&4]

M97


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#DV#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C,^#0H@(`@(`T*

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R

24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N-#X-



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

M:60]
T1005)!
S(V


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF:6Y2


M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF:6Y2


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN
M4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
SX-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@



3!P=#L@

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXV

P
#`P
#`@

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#0U

M63H@5&EM97


M
T1005)!

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q
R!A
M;F0@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P


N#0H@#0H@(`@(!.;R!O;F4@8W5S=&]M





M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S


M+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=7)E(&%C=&EO;G




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V9#0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

]




M/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`Y



S(V-B!B;W)D97(]
T0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`U-24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T140DPS
C8V+F9I
M;E)O=RXQ+FQE860N1#0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`S
24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C$N86UT+D0T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M

24=..B!C

T0G1D].


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS
C8V
M+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL+D0T/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


S(V-BYF


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C(N;&5A9Y$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T140DPS
C8V+F9I

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR

R-#8^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




M34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#
^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C0W/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


T0G5$58


'!T)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@




3!P=#L@



M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O


M;&4]


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&:7-C86P\+V9O;G0^

24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q+C(U.R!-05)'

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%



R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`U-24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXS+G-Y;6(N
M
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N
M9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+C(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`S.3D-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


RYL96%D
M+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@-#4R#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


RYT

M
#`P

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A9XT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M
RYA;70N-#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4P.0T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C

M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#4U)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%

24=..B!L969T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

R-30^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97





M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F

SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(V-BYF


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R
M87`]



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.

M24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/3-$4$%203
R-3@^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M13H@

T140DPS
C8V
M+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N



#`P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XT/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M9#TS1%13#,R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C8^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
C8R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@



1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M.B`C
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`T-30-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
C8V+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R
M-C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#


M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M;70N-#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#4R#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R-C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N
M=')A:6PN-!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

F(R
M-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q
C9D







]





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,3`P
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)



T10
M05)!




M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)








L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



C4[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S



M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I

M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S


3!P



R.3@N
M9FEN4F]W+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@-S`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS





M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C
@;F]W


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O

63H@5&EM97


M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS





3!P

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O
M=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XS/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`T.PS-C



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C



M4TE:13H@

63H@
M5&EM97

M9F]N=#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

2PS

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M8BXS/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M(#$S-BPP

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!
M4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P=#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@

T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXV
M+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

C`P

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



38Q#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

63H@5&EM
M97


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M63H@5&EM97


M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS
CDX+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N


M;70N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN4F]W

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*
M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

^#0H@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@


M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
R.3@N9FEN

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#$S-RPT
S(-B`@(`-
#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@<V5R:68[($U!4D=)3BU

M13H@

T140DPS
CDX
M+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+C







M25I%.B`Q


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(Y

24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S(Y



M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M96%D+C


M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M;70N
SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-38L-S(Y#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$

M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

:6%B:6QI=&EE

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M07!R+B`R-RP@
C`Q

]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


T0P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@
M/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS
M1%!!4D$S

M3E0M4TE:13H@




3!P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE
M860N1#(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M;&4]


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S


63H@5&EM
M97

T14
M0DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#
^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S



M
'!T)SXR


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M
S



S
R

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

'!T.R!615)4

T1005)!
S

M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!8V-R=65D#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C(@




RYL96%D+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS


M13H@

T140DPS
S(T
M+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C


S
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
M
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S

M;&4]

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M(`@(`@
RPY
3(-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N
M;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M4D]53D0M0T]

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S,C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C,^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C





3!P=#L@5D52

T0G

L('-E


MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E



M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N
CX-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

CX-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,2PT-3$-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S,C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C,^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#$L-C(Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+G1R86EL+C

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

M

L


M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@<V5R:68[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS





3!P=#L@

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXV
M+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

63H@
M5&EM97

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8N
M=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



24=..B!L
M969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
S
C$^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97





3!P=#L@

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXW
M+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXW
M+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PQ-#(-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S
C0N9FEN4F]W

B!N;W=R87`]


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE860N
SX-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
R


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS
S(T+F9I;E)O=RXW+F%M=XS/@T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S

R!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^07!R+B`R-RP@
C`Q

]

M961G:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97



T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@1&5R:79A=&EV97
@26YS=')U;65N='






M9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y$-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS

M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R
M86EL+D0T/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




3!P=#L@5D52


M;&4]


T1005)!
S
U
SX-B`@(`T*(`@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&4]


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M;Y$,CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T1005)!
S




'!T



M.B`Q
'!T)SXR


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S




M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#


M

T1005)!
S

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S



M3D0M0T]




'!T


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T140DPS
M


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M3D0M0T]

M+4%

M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O
M=RXS+FQE860N0C

M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

1494.B`P


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N

M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M
S


38P.PT*

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C,N86UT+D(T/@T*(`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M4TE:13H@

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C0N
M;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D




M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C,^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@T+#0X-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!
M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M24142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXU

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Y

'!T.R!615)424-!

T0G

L('-E




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S

CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H.3
U

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)

S


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M+C
^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*#$L-C0R#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M4D]53D0M0T]

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,2PR.3D-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-

24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#EP=#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

24=..B!L
M969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
S-C@^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S

M(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W
M+C8N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#$L-3@V#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN
M4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X.2YF


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S



M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN
M9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPS-3$-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I
M9#TS1%!!4D$S

T0G

M(`@(&9R;VT@04]#22!T;R!C;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S+3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`T*



M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@



M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

M+D(R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L
M969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+D(R/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



3!P=#L@5D52

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS
S@Y
M+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+D(S/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXW

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S




M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C@N;&5A9XR/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C@N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@R+#`V
M
`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN
M4F]W+C@N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S
X.2YF


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

CDP#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXX+G1R86EL+C




M

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I
M;E)O=RXX+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS

M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S



S.#DN9FEN
M4F]W+CD^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%




M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+CDN;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXY+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(@W-CD-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXY
M+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I
M9#TS1%!!4D$S

T0G

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S




M
0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)

S

3`N;&5A9XS/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ

1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ
YA;70N,SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
C(Q#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

3`N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$P+G-Y;6(N-#X-
MB`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$P+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`H
M

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#

M/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

S.#DN9FEN



24=..B!L969T
M.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

S
M.#4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ
2YL96%D+C(^#0H@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

3$N86UT+C(^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#(Y-0T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P




M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I;E)O=RXQ
2YL96%D
M+C
^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
M
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S

3$N
M86UT+C
^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#,L,#8S#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.

M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W
M+C$Q+FQE860N-#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
S.#DN9FEN4F]W+C$Q+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@



M

T140DPS
S@Y+F9I
M;E)O=RXQ

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
M
F(Q









#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T14

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXQ+FQE
M860N1#0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2



T1005)!
S0P
SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M;BP@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED
M/3-$5$)






M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N86UT+D0R(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/@T*

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/3-$4$%203
T


3!P


M34E
63H@5&EM97

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C
N=')A
M:6PN1#(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T1005)!




'!T



M.B`Q
'!T)SXR


SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C,N;&5A9Y$-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97

M:60]





C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1005)!
S0P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

1494.B`P


24=..B!L969T.R!
M24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

T
3`^
M#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#
W#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

3U(Z(-C
M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF

M(`@(`I#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@*#8Y#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF:6Y2


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C0@





M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XR
M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`V,PT*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
C8N9FEN4F]W+C4N


3(E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0R-BYF



M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N
M-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].

MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@:60]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#




M;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$T-PT*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T




M

T140DPS-#(V+F9I

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T,C8N9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XT/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM




M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C0@;F]W

24=..B!L969T


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@


24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

63H@
M5&EM97

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-#(V+F9I;E)O=RXW+F%M=XS/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`X-0T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
T

R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M

T140DPS-#(V+F9I
M;E)O=RXW+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#`P

M9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

`T*(`@#0H@(`@

24=..B!L969T
M.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\+W1A8FQE/CQS



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$4Q04%#

M/3-$



]



M



]


3`P)3L@



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I
M9#TS1%13#


M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!
M4D$S-#

M4TE:13H@




3!P=#L@

M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXS/@T*(`@

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


M

L('-E

24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M2$5)1TA4



24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED
M/3-$5$)



M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#




3!P


CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL

M:68[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#0P/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


L



T1005)!
S0T

M5&EM97

3(\+V9O;G0^#0H@

#`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97

M



'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


C4[($U!
M4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#0T/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS

M


M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

T1005)!
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X
M.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM


M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9FEN4F]W+C0N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3U(Z


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#


`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2



M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%



M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
M

M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

38P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M


M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#

R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0U-RYF

M(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]

T0G0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%

T0G
M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#4S

M


M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P
!D;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXV+F%M
M=XR/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`R,RPU,S$-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C
M8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9FEN4F]W+C8N;&5A9XS/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@


M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-#4W+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#DP
PT*(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M8BXT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(0-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
C$L.#DV#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T1T;W`^4V-H961U

@6U1A


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P

T.30@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@





M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

63H@5&EM
M97


M34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




'!T)SXR


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M(&ED/3-$5$)



M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE
M860N1#
^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


M;&4]


M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)





M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`W,4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


T1005)!
S0V

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T140DPS


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN
M4F]W+C
N86UT+D(R/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D(R/@T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@



38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z

M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

1494.B`P


M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU







M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#4L
C0Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#4L
M

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T.30N9FEN4F]W+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F



MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


!S;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@<FEG
M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
B4[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
S4U#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@



24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-2PU.38-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

63H@
M5&EM97

M(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y
M;6(N
SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`U+#8R
PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

M(`@(`@/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)


M0T]




M.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE

M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

T140DPS
M-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+D(R/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM





M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M

#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M:60]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@4$%$1$E.1RU




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXX+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M
38L
34Y#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0Y

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M+C



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXX+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M
38L
3@V#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S0Y


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@#0H@

M14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@






M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+CDN86UT+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*



M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXY+F%M=XS/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P,0T*(`@

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M(&ED/3-$5$)


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`@(`@

M12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-#@R/@T*


M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+C(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M1%1(.B`Q

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$P
M+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPR-3@-B`@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
3`N=')A:6PN
B!N;W=R87`]


M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ
YL96%D+C,^#0H@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T
M.30N9FEN4F]W+C$P+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$P+F%M=XS


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


T.30N



24=..B!L
M969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
T.#4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)




3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M



M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$Q+F%M=XS


3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS-#DT+F9I
M;E)O=RXQ,CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S



24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F
M9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



3U(Z

24=..B!L
M969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$R+FQE
M860N
SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
T.30N9FEN4F]W+C$R+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!7
M24142#H@,3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


3!P=#L@

T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ
M
BYA;70N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#4U,`T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@4$%$1$E.

M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T



24=.
M.B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M4$%203
T.3$^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

@)B
X
C$Q.R!N970\+V9O;G0^#0H@#0H@



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ
RYL96%D+C(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M
30L
S(W#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ



M13H@

T140DPS-#DT
M+F9I;E)O=RXQ
RYL96%D+C
^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

30L
C$T#0H@

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-#DT+F9I;E)O=RXQ

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`\

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T
M92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
M,3`P)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E




63H@
M5&EM97

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)




T1005)!

M97


'!T)SY&:7-C86P\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@



'!T)SXR



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O
M=RXQ+FQE860N1#

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4R



T1005)!
S0Y.3X-

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T)SY&:7-C86P\+V9O



'!T)SXR
#$R


M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



M34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXQ+FQE860N1#0^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



T1005)!
S4P

L


M25I%.B`Q



'!T)SXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



M(&ED/3-$5$)






M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X\8CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V(^/]I/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M.R!415A4+4%

#L\+V(^/]I
M/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)



BYA;70N
SX-B`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M





BYL96%D
M+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


38P.PT*

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@(`@(#,U+C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M13H@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
M,C4[($U!4D=)3CH@,'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3`X/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@)B

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#
M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXS+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


38P



M

T140DPS-3(T+F9I

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C
N=')A
M:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C


Q-C`[

M

M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN
M4F]W+C
N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(N-`T*(`@(`T*(`@





M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

T1005)!
S4Q
M


M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
M
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@S+C$-B`@



3!P

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O


38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


B4[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(@S+C$-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(D-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4R

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W
M+C0N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@S+C`-B`@(`@#0H@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL


M(&ED/3-$5$)






M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A9XR/@T*
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XR/@T*
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(@N

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C
^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*XT#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P




M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T140DPS-3(T+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N

M3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

38P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*

T1005)!
S4R
#X-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@(`@($5F9F5C=&EV92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4-B`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8N



M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%



24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
T+C(-

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U
C0N9FEN4F]W+C8N=')A
M:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)0T*(`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
U




24=..B!L969T

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U,C0N9FEN4F]W+C8N=')A:6PN-!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

]
T1R



#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS-34S

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S4U



T1005)!

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/BA);@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U







M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+D0R(&-O
M;'-P86X]

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2

U

M3E0M4TE:13H@


63H@5&EM97

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A:6PN1#(^#0H@(`T*



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,U
M-3,N9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+D0S(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3




M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

BYL96%D+D0T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+D0T(&-O;'-P
M86X]

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE.

U

M4TE:13H@

63H@5&EM97

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C(N=')A:6PN1#0^#0H@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(#QT



M13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M

U
S8^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


#`P

M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A
M9XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

RYA;70N
CX-B`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C



M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)

S4U


M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A9XT/@T*(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X.R!415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)

S4U

RYA;70N-#X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#
L

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*

T1005)!
S4T
3X-


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


B4[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U
RYF:6Y2

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C





3!P

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O
M=RXT+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-34S+F9I;E)O=RXT+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`-B`@

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
U-3


S4U

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%2

U-#4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;G
\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-34S+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!0041$24Y'+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U-3,N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
M,B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*0T*(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,U-3,N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT
M+C,^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#4T-PT*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!7
M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3
N9FEN4F]W+C4N
M;&5A9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
U-3

M)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M24142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


3!P

M;&4]

M97


24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U
RYF:6Y2


M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U
RYF:6Y2

CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@-PS-#D-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
U-3


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'
M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U

M15A4+4%

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)

S4U


#`P



34X
S@R7S)B
M
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q







]







6QE/3-$)U=)1%1(
M.B`Q
#`E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@:60]


1494




M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)




'!T)SY.=6UB97(\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@

24=.

63H@
M5&EM97

\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`T*


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y$,SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M

T1005)!
S4W-CX-

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#

^#0H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M3E0M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@

U-S@^#0H@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXR+G-Y
M;6(N
CX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M

M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



#`P
#`P(#%P

M969F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M4F]W+C(N;&5A9XS/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


BYA;70N
SX-

C0-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

L


M4E1)0T%
+4%

T1005)!
S4X



63H@5&EM
M97

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M4F]W+C


M2#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)


RYL96%D+C



3!P

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O
M=RXS+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z

24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R
M87`]

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX-B`-B`@


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@


M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#


M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXU/@T*





'!T)SY#86YC


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F

M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M13H@




M

T140DPS-3DW+F9I
M;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


`T*




M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S4Y

^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@

T0G

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#

M+C8N86UT+C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M63H@5&EM97


M3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-3DT


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[
M(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#



M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R86EL+C(@;F]W



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M
T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXW+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-3DW+F9I;E)O=RXW+F%M

M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
M
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V9#0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



M1#$^


3
\8G(^



@1&ES8VQO






M

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T140DPS-C4T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)


24=..B!C96YT97([($Q)3D4M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





6QE


T1005)!
S8S-#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,V-30N9FEN4F]W+C,N;&5A9Y$
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@
M5&EM97

63H@5&EM97


24=..B!C

T0G1D].

1494


24=.

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C
N;&5A



M


CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S



M2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-C


M97



T1005)!
S8S-CX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@

M;BP@5&EM97

3(\+V9O;G0^

M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,V-30N9FEN4F]W+C,N;&5A9Y$-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97


CX-



C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I
M9#TS1%!!4D$S-C
S/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T1005)!
M

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D0T/@T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T14

T0G
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!-05)'

V




M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N
CX-B`@
M(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3D0M0T]

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#,V-30N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+#`U
0T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^
M#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-#0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%


M/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)







'!T)SY7
M0U0-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@($9U;F0\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O





M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%



M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XS/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`T-34-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C4N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


B4[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V-30N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C0^#0H@
M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#8Q

M(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXV/@T*(`@(`T*



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M

T140DPS-C4T+F9I
M;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@

M34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N


SX-


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXV+G1R86EL+C
@



1494.B`P


M:60]

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`R,C0-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T1005)!
S8U
M

M


M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@



3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R


^#0H@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$R)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


2PV-#
-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#


M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T140DPS-C4T+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y;6(N-#X-

P
#`P
#`@
M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

S

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
M
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q





M


3

M;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



T1T;W`^



'!T.R!-05)'



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9#TS1%13#,V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C$^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([(%=)1%1(.B`X-24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P
M)SX-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXQ
M+FQE860N1#(^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%



63H@
M5&EM97


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

'!X
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C$N
M=')A:6PN1#(^#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXR/@T*


M;&5F=#L@3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$N
C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!


C`Q-#PO9F]N

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M
S8X

M9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M24142#H@
3(E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14


V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/
M3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@.#4E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



#$U/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C,N;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X






M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ





3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O

24=..B!L
M969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M03
V-S`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XR/@T*(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R



M:68[($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE..B`P

V-S(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C4N;&5A
M9XR/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@


B4[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I
M9#TS1%13#
V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C4N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#(L-C
V#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C8^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!724142#H@.#4E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R


M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X

M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,V.#`N9FEN4F]W+C8N86UT+C(^#0H@(`@
M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#(L,S8Q#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]

M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`-



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%
M+4A%24=(5#H@

V-S8^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97






P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-C@P+F9I;E)O=RXW+F%M


3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(
M.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X

T140DPS-C@P+F9I

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#@U

C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T

M




M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)

S8X
M



M
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







3(@+2!1=6%R=&5R


M1#$^


3
\8G(^



]


]



M9&EN9STS1#`^#0H@(`T*(`@(`@/'1R(&ED/3-$5$)


M

L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C


24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
M



M;G1S*3PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\


W

M+C(^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

1494


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXR+FQE860N1#(^#0H@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


BYA;70N

24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@34%21TE..B`P


M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&:7)S=#PO9F]N=#X-B`-B`@(`@

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)
M




M($U!4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM


T0G5$58




M63H@5&EM97

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

T14


MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXR+F%M


T1005)!

L



M



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



3!P=#L@


T1005)!


L


C4[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T


M.B`Q
'!T)SY1=6%R=&5R/]F;VYT/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G5$58

L('-E

M(`@(#(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P


L('-E


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)


RYL96%D+D(R
M/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I=6T@;F]N93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M13H@

M/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z

M4D=)3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S$V
#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M/B8C
38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[



3!P



24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P

#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-

M;VYE.R!415A4+4%

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M(S$V
#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]


M-3X-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXS+F%M=Y-3X-B`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^)B
Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M961I
M=6T@;F]N93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M,'!X.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+D(U/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)B
Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#
W


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#$X
BPX-#D-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

Q-C`[#0H@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

^#0H@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
38V+#4V.`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


1494

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXT+G1R86EL+C




M13H@

T140DPS-S(W
M+F9I;E)O=RXT+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@(`@(`Q-#0L-S(S#0H@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

T1N;W=R87`^

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E
M969F.R!724142#H@

M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@



3!P

24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@
2XR-3L@

W

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

-B`@(`T*(`@


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14





3!P=#L@

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXU
M+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2

1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXU+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#0V+#,U,PT*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9XU/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)


M.PP,3,-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

W

M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C

'!T.R!615)4

T1005)!


M97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY.970-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(&EN
M8V]M93PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
W

30L
SDR

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^#0H@
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N
SX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M+C8N=')A:6PN
R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



24=..B!C96YT97([
M($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N-3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M:6PN-2!N;W=R87`]


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)





3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXW+G-Y
M;6(N


M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(`@(`@(`@+C,Q#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W



M(`N,C8-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W
M

R!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXW+F%M=XT/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(XQ.`T*




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=2
M3U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W




3!P=#L@5D52

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXW+G1R


M24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M25I%.B`Q

M;B!S:&%R92`F(S@R

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



Q-C`[#0H@#0H@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M





3!P

T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O
M=RXX+FQE860N
SX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


M4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG
M(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`N,C8-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2
M.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W
M

R!N;W=R87`]

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!72414
M2#H@

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

M9XT/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S(W+F9I;E)O=RXX+G-Y;6(N-3X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$
M5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60],T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ/@T*(`@


M24=..B!L969T.R!
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M/3-$4$%203
W
CD^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
C`Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

T140DPS-S4U+F9I
M;E)O=RXQ+FQE860N0C(^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*
M(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W

#L\

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$
M5$)


2YA;70N0C(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/B8C
38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[


M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



CX-B`-B`@


38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO




3!P=#L@5D52




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#,W
M-34N9FEN4F]W+C$N=')A:6PN0C,^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
Q-C`[

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS
M1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C$N;&5A9Y-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V(^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M(&ED/3-$5$)




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ+F%M=Y-#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!M
M961I=6T@;F]N93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ+G1R86EL
M+D(T/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXQ
M+FQE860N0C4^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,Q-C`[/]B/@T*(`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN

#L\+V(^#0H@

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G(&ED/3-$5$)



2YA;70N0C4^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
38P
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4[(%1%6%0M

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M(&ED/3-$5$)




24=.
M.B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]

M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P



M.B`Q
'!T)SY.970-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`@('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/@T*(`T*

24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]5
M3D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED
M/3-$5$)




M

T140DPS-S4U+F9I
M;E)O=RXR+G-Y;6(N
CX-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@(`D#0H@(`T*(`@(`@


M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+C(^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@,38Y+#`X,`T*(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

#L-
MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F
M.R!724142#H@

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W






M1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

38P.PT*(`T*

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


BYS

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#$-B`@(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-


M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-C


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@.24[($9/3E0M1D%-

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C(N86UT+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
38U+#0S



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M
M0T]




M(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

MB`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+F%M=XR/@T*(`@(`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#8Q+#`W-`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS


M(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



^#0H@
M(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B


#
-B`@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*(`@(`@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T14
M0DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+G1R86EL+C





3!P=#L@

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS
M+FQE860N-#X-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C

M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C,N86UT+C0^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T],3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)

Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=2

1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXS+F%M=XU/@T*(`@(`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#4R+#@T-0T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


M(&ED/3-$5$)



C4[($U!4D=)
M3CH@
'!T)R!I9#TS1%!!4D$S-S0P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0@



M9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#,W-34N9FEN4F]W+C0N;&5A9XR
M/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M5#H@

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)



M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$
M5$)


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%1
M3#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C
^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3$L
3(S

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E
M9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`T*


1494.B`P


M:60]
T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXT+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/
M4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS
M1%13#


M86XL(%1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N
M9FEN4F]W+C0N86UT+C4^#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3$L-3
Q#0H@(`T*

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


M(`@#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@#0H@(`@(`\='(@:60]
T140DPS-S4U

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!04-+1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


X
C$Q.R!B87-I8SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXU+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`N
CD-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-F9F9F9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXU+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`-

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#



M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C4N
M=')A:6PN-2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@



M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.




M;6]N('-H87)E(8C.#(Q,3L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X-B`@#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]P/@T*(`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M4TE:13H@

T140DPS
M-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXV+FQE860N
CX-B`-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

M:'0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Y)3L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M24XM3$5&5#H@

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


CX-B`@(`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`N
CD-B`@(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I

38P.PT*(`T*(`@(`@

M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)


^
M#0H@(`@#0H@(`@(`@(`@)`T*(`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#DE.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)
M

M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(-C8V5E9F8[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q)3L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VTG(&ED/3-$5$)




M3BU

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T140DPS-S4U+F9I;E)O=RXV+G-Y;6(N-#X-B`@(`-

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@(V-C
M965F9CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#L-B`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!L969T.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$+4-/3$]2.B`C8V-E969F.R!724142#H@
24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M)R!I9#TS1%13#



M24142#H@

M+!S97)I9CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M)R!I9#TS1%13#
W-34N9FEN4F]W+C8N
M=')A:6PN-2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T
M7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B

M



^


M
3

]

P



M97
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(%M




]
T1N=6UP/C$X
2PP


#`P


M97



#`P/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
N


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]




T1T;W`^36%R:V5T

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]




]
M

M:6YI;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








]



]

]


]



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1R



]


]

M86QI9VX]









M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
M
F%C
F(Q






]







C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1N



]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C0I/'-P



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
M
F%C
F(Q






]





]


]
T1T


S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]


]


]


]


#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T
M7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B

M



]

C@L
M(#(P


]


]



M-#DL

M1&YU;7`^-#@L



]
T1N=6UP/C$S-BPP



]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$S-RPT

]


F(R-%\T
M83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q






]



#$S

]
T1R





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]










]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S(X/'-P86X^


]


F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y
M.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q




]
M

M($1E8G0@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S



]





]

@4W!R96%D(&]N(%9A





]







]




M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$572$-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





]

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



#$R

]


M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R
M+B`R-RP@
C`Q


C`Q
M

M/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R-2P@
C`Q





]


#$R/&)R/E-E


]



M86QI9VX]


@*$1E=&%I;'
I
M(%M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`V
M+#
P






SQS

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]


]















]
M

C`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
N







@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T
2PP

















]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]


]













I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S















34P+#`P


]


]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-C`P+#`P









]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
S`P+#`P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






M;7`^)`S+#$P,PP


L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]



M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\


C`Q



]




]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92P@3F]T:6]N86P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-








T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U
M.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B



M='`M97%U:78]

]






C`Q

]






;W-S*2!G86EN
M(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

BPU




97-S(&EN8V]M92!T


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]




I(&=A





]
T1N=6T^




T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!T;R!!3T-)/]T9#X-B`@

L



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A
M8S)B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO






C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


M/B0@*#$T

]










M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R
M86

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




T0Q/CPO=&@^

]
T1T


C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P







S0Y+#`P


#`P/'-P



3(V
M+#`P

]
T1T


M

@4&%Y

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M;'1I97



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(V+#`P





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
M
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V9#0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@*$1E=&%I;'



]

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S







]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
C
L



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A
M8S)B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M97
@*$1E=&%I;'




]





M960@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/C
U


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]

3`Q/'-P86X^

]



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@




]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-34P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L
M


M
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M13)
04



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]


]

S4N

S4N
#`E/'-P

S4N
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$N-C`E/'-P86X^

BXW


M


RXQ
4I/'-P86X^/]S








]


RXT

M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?
M8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M;F-O;64@5&%X97
@*$1E=&%I;'




]

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S














]
T1N=6UP

]
M


]


]




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V.5\R
S)A8S)B
3(V



]

^
3(@36]N=&AS


^
M


3

]



3
\





3


3



















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#`P+#`P
M


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(T

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M-C@P+#`P




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/C4@





]


]


]


]





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]

]
T1P



@*&EN(%-H87)E

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]




]

@-B!M;VYT:'
\










]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]


]







]
T1N


BXX


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4N










S`L





]
T1N=6UP
M/C4Q
RPP


S4L


#8L




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S.2PP


34L
#`P/'-P

C`Y
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

M

M;7`^
CDU+#`P


]




]




]



]

@
















]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4VAA



@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S(#(Q.2!D














]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3
V+#`P


]


]


]


]


F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q
M-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V8P
34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
F%C
F(Q




]

]



]



]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]
T1T

]





]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-XY/'-P86X^/]S



@




]
M

]

]






]



]
T1I;FYE

R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT


F(R-%\T
M83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86

O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G


C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^











M+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R-F0T+U=O

O4VAE970U


T0G



@*$1E=&%I
M;'

@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y!


C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^07!R+B`S


M9VX]

:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@






]


T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@



]


]

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^












M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C`Q-3@S.#)?
F(R-%\T83DY7V(Q-CE?
C
R86
R8C$R

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

2`M($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N



]


C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S








]





]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V
M.5\R
S)A8S)B

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M;2!

]



M4&%Y;65N='




T1T;W`^1FES8V%L(#(P



RPP




T1T;W`^1FES8V%L
M(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L-#

#$U.#
X
E\R8C(T7S1A.3E?8C$V
M.5\R
S)A8S)B





]

M


#$S/&)R

]

C@L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N


]
T1T


S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

C



M




BPP










]
T1N=6UP/C(Q






2PU

]
M

T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W

M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R92#B@)
@8F%S:6












]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XP






T0B=7)N
M.G-C:&5M87

M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT

M1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^

34X
S@R7S)B
C1?-&$Y.5]B
38Y7S(S
..
F%C
F(Q

<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_ReconciliationOfTheStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateToEffectiveTaxRateAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreferenceValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5175 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5176&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5177&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;QUARTERLY

            FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3727 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.lead.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.amt.D5 colspan=14&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3696&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.trail.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3697&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3698&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3699&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D5 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3700&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3701&gt;

            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal

            2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3702&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            sales&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          182,849

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          166,568

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          144,723

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.5&gt;

          167,867

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3707&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Gross

            profit&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          58,293

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          54,591

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          46,353

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.5&gt;

          58,013

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3712&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          14,392

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          12,017

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          8,414

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.5&gt;

          12,097

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3717&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          .31

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;

          .18

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.5&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3722&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          .31

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.4&gt;

          .18

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.5&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3755 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3729&gt;

            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal

            2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3730&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            sales&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          169,080

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          157,974

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.4&gt;

          136,401

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.5&gt;

          165,431

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3735&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Gross

            profit&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          61,074

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          54,103

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          45,235

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.5&gt;

          52,845

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3740&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          13,435

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          11,123

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          7,904

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.5&gt;

          11,531

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3745&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          .29

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          .24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          .17

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.5&gt;

          .25

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3750&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          .29

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          .24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          .17

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.5&gt;

          .25

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_OtherComprehensiveLossIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeOtherNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_CurrentAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_CurrentLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_PreferredStock1ParValue1000000SharesAuthorizedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_TreasuryStockAtCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_PreferredStock1ParValue1000000SharesAuthorizedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_TreasuryStockAtCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_PreferredStock1ParValue1000000SharesAuthorizedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_TreasuryStockAtCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27

<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 01
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5166 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5167&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5168&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED

            COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3564&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Our

      stock-based compensation program is a broad-based program

      designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning

      employees&amp;#8217; interests with the interests of the

      stockholders.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3566&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      1991 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Omnibus Plan&amp;#8221;)

      provides for compensatory awards consisting of (i) stock

      options or stock awards for up to 4,800,000 shares of common

      stock, (ii) stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalents,

      other stock-based awards in amounts up to 4,800,000 shares of

      common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any

      combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to

      provide an incentive to officers and certain other key

      employees and consultants by making available to them an

      opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase

      such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or

      options which may be issued under stock-based awards to an

      individual is limited to 1,680,000 during any year. Awards

      may be granted for no cash consideration or such minimal cash

      consideration as may be required by law. Options generally

      have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our

      common stock on the date of grant, vest over a five-year

      period and expire after ten years.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3568&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Special Stock Option Plan provides for the issuance of stock

      options to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,800,000 shares of

      common stock. Options may be granted for such consideration

      as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule

      and exercise price of these options are tied to the

      recipient&amp;#8217;s ownership level of common stock and the

      terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price

      upon each vesting period. Also, the Board of Directors

      authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to 50,000

      shares of common stock to be issued at the direction of the

      Chairman.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3570&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Key Employee Equity Partnership Program (&amp;#8220;KEEP

      Program&amp;#8221;) provides for the granting of stock options to

      purchase up to 240,000 shares of common stock to key

      employees, consultants, directors and officers. Participants

      who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive

      grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares

      purchased, up to a maximum of 6,000 shares in any two-year

      period. Options under the KEEP Program are forfeited in the

      event of the sale of shares used to acquire such options.

      Options are granted at an initial exercise price of 60% of

      the purchase price paid for the shares acquired and the

      exercise price reduces to the stock par value at the end of

      the six-year vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3571&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We

      account for stock options under the fair value method of

      accounting using a Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate

      the stock option fair value at date of grant. The fair value

      of stock options is amortized to expense over the vesting

      period. Stock options granted were 2,000 KEEP shares in

      Fiscal 2013, 3,000 KEEP shares in Fiscal 2012 and 301,500

      shares in Fiscal 2011. The weighted average Black-Scholes

      fair value assumptions for stock options granted are as

      follows: weighted average expected life of 8 years for Fiscal

      2013, 8 years for Fiscal 2012 and 7.5 years for Fiscal 2011;

      weighted average expected volatility of 38.1% for Fiscal

      2013, 42.9% for Fiscal 2012 and 48.6% for Fiscal 2011;

      weighted average risk free interest rates of 1.6% for Fiscal

      2013, 2.5% for Fiscal 2012 and 2.8% for Fiscal 2011; and

      expected dividend yield of 5.0% for Fiscal 2013, 5.3% for

      Fiscal 2012 and 4.3% for Fiscal 2011.&amp;#160; The expected life

      of stock options was estimated based on historical

      experience.&amp;#160; The expected volatility was estimated based

      on historical stock prices for a period consistent with the

      expected life of stock options. &amp;#160;The risk free interest

      rate was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity

      interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life

      of stock options. Forfeitures were estimated based on

      historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3574&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      following is a summary of stock option activity for Fiscal

      2013:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3597 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3575&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;of

            Shares&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3576&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3577&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Price

            &lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3578&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            outstanding, beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          512,620

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          7.24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3581&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          2,000

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          8.39

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3585&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (40,240

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          5.95

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3588&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (32,570

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          4.90

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3591&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            outstanding, end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          441,810

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          6.86

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3594&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            exercisable, end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          265,088

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          5.63

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3598&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;_______________________________&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3599&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;

      Weighted average exercise price.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3601&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Stock-based

      compensation expense was $230,000 for Fiscal 2013, $290,000

      for Fiscal 2012 and $446,000 for Fiscal 2011. The total fair

      value of shares vested was $453,000 for Fiscal 2013, $513,000

      for Fiscal 2012 and $135,000 for Fiscal 2011. The total

      intrinsic value for stock options exercised was $406,000 for

      Fiscal 2013, $758,000 for Fiscal 2012 and $799,000 for Fiscal

      2011. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options

      were $239,000 for Fiscal 2013, $115,000 for Fiscal 2012 and

      $209,000 for Fiscal 2011. Stock based income tax benefits

      aggregated $92,000 for Fiscal 2013, $295,000 for Fiscal 2012

      and $921,000 for Fiscal 2011. The weighted average fair value

      for stock options granted was $8.76 for Fiscal 2013, $8.16

      for Fiscal 2012 and $6.35 for Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3603&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As

      of April 27, 2013, unrecognized compensation expense related

      to the unvested portion of our stock options was $375,000,

      which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average

      period of 2.9 years. The weighted average remaining

      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for

      options outstanding as of April 27, 2013 was 4.5 years and

      $3.4 million, respectively. The weighted average remaining

      contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for

      options exercisable as of April 27, 2013 was 3.6 years and

      $2.4 million, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3604&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeveragedLeasesNetInvestmentInLeveragedLeasesDisclosureResidualValueOfLeasedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInSecondYear'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5163 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5164&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5165&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;INCOME

            TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3436&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      provision (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the

      following:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3457 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3438&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3439&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3442&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3440&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3443&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3441&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3444&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3445&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          23,359

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          23,380

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          22,590

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3449&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          172

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (477

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (694

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3453&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          23,531

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          22,903

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          21,896

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3459&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred

      taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary

      differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities

      and their reported amounts in the financial statements.

      Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying

      amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed, more likely

      than not, that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be

      realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of April 27,

      2013 and April 28, 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3494 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3462&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3463&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3464&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3465&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred

            tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3466&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued

            expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          5,241

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          5,173

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3469&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Inventory

            and amortizable assets&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          355

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          450

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3472&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total

            deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          5,596

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          5,623

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3475&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred

            tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3476&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          16,159

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          16,186

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.9&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3479&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Intangibles

            and other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.2&gt;

          99

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.3&gt;

          101

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.10&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3482&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total

            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.2&gt;

          16,258

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.3&gt;

          16,287

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.11&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3485&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.2&gt;

          10,662

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.3&gt;

          10,664

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.12&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3488&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Current

            deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.2&gt;

          3,665

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.3&gt;

          3,550

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.13&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3491&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent

            deferred tax liabilities &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.2&gt;

          14,327

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.3&gt;

          14,214

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3496&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to

      our effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3524 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3498&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3501&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3499&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3502&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3500&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3503&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3504&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Statutory

            federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.4&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3508&gt;

            State income taxes, net of federal benefit

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          1.6

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          2.7

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          2.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3512&gt;

            Manufacturing deduction benefit

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (3.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          (3.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          (3.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3516&gt;

            Other differences

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          .5

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3520&gt;

            Effective income tax rate

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          33.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          34.2

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          34.9

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3526&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As

      of April 27, 2013, the gross amount of unrecognized tax

      benefits was $4.3 million, of which $126,000 was recognized

      as tax benefit in Fiscal 2013. If we were to prevail on all

      uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be to reduce

      our tax expense by approximately $3.5 million. A

      reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of

      unrecognized tax benefits, which amounts are included in

      other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance

      sheets, is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3553 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3529&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3530&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3533&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3531&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3534&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3532&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3535&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3536&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Beginning

            balance&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          4,548

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          4,687

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          3,997

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3541&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Increases

            due to current period tax positions&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          415

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          408

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          857

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3545&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Decreases

            due to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (614

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (547

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (167

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3549&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Ending

            balance&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          4,349

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          4,548

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          4,687

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3555&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We

      recognize accrued interest and penalties related to

      unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of April

      27, 2013, unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest

      of $514,000, of which approximately $26,000 was recognized as

      a tax benefit in Fiscal 2013.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3557&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3457 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3438&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3439&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3442&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3440&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3443&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3441&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3444&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3457.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3445&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          23,359

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          23,380

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          22,590

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3449&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          172

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (477

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (694

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3457.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3453&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          23,531

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          22,903

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3457.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          21,896

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3494 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3462&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3463&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3464&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3465&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred

            tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3466&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Accrued

            expenses and other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          5,241

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          5,173

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3469&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Inventory

            and amortizable assets&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          355

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          450

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3472&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total

            deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          5,596

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          5,623

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3475&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Deferred

            tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.lead.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.symb.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.amt.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3494.finRow.7.trail.B3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3476&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          16,159

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          16,186

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.9&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3479&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Intangibles

            and other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.2&gt;

          99

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.amt.3&gt;

          101

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.9.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.10&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3482&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total

            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.2&gt;

          16,258

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.amt.3&gt;

          16,287

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.10.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.11&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3485&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.2&gt;

          10,662

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.amt.3&gt;

          10,664

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.11.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.12&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3488&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Current

            deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.2&gt;

          3,665

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.amt.3&gt;

          3,550

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.12.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3494.finRow.13&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3491&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent

            deferred tax liabilities &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.2&gt;

          14,327

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3494.finRow.13.amt.3&gt;

          14,214

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3524 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3498&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3501&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3499&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3502&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3500&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3503&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3524.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3504&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Statutory

            federal income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.amt.4&gt;

          35.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.2.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3508&gt;

            State income taxes, net of federal benefit

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          1.6

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          2.7

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          2.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3512&gt;

            Manufacturing deduction benefit

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (3.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          (3.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          (3.0

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3516&gt;

            Other differences

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (.1

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          .5

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3524.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3520&gt;

            Effective income tax rate

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          33.4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          34.2

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          %

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3524.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          34.9

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3553 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3529&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3530&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3533&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3531&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3534&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3532&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3535&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3553.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3536&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Beginning

            balance&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          4,548

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          4,687

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          3,997

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3541&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Increases

            due to current period tax positions&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          415

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          408

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          857

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3545&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Decreases

            due to lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (614

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (547

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (167

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3553.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3549&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Ending

            balance&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          4,349

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          4,548

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3553.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          4,687

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5169 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5170&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5171&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PENSION

            PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3611&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Company contributes to certain pension plans under collective

      bargaining agreements and to a discretionary profit sharing

      plan. Total contributions (including contributions to

      multi-employer plans reflected below) were $2.6 million for

      Fiscal 2013, $2.5 million for Fiscal 2012 and $2.5 million

      for Fiscal 2011.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3613&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Company participates in various multi-employer defined

      benefit pension plans covering certain employees whose

      employment is covered under collective bargaining agreements.

      Under the Pension Protection Act (&amp;#8220;PPA&amp;#8221;), if a

      participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the

      unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the

      remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to

      stop participating in the multi-employer plan, the Company

      could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability

      based on the underfunded status of the plan.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3615&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Summarized

      below is certain information regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s

      participation in significant multi-employer pension plans

      including the financial improvement plan or rehabilitation

      plan status (&amp;#8220;FIP/RP Status&amp;#8221;). The most recent

      PPA zone status available in Fiscal 2013 and Fiscal 2012 is

      for the plans&amp;#8217; years ending December&amp;#160;31, 2011 and

      2010, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5184&gt;

            &amp;#160;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=321 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5185&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;PPA Zone Status&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5189&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Pension Fund&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5190&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5191&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom width=208&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5192&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;FIP/RP Status&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5193&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Surcharge&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Imposed&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 0pt width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5194&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Central States, Southeast and

            Southwest&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5195&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5196&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5197&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Implemented&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5198&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 9pt width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5199&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Areas Pension Plan (EIN no.

            36-6044243)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 9pt width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5204&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;(the &amp;#8220;CSSS Fund&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5209&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Western Conference of Teamsters

            Pension&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5210&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5211&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5212&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Not applicable&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5213&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;No&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 9pt width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5214&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;Trust Fund (EIN no. 91-6145047)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 9pt width=478&gt;

          &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA5219&gt;

            &lt;font size=+0&gt;(the &amp;#8220;WCT Fund&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=176&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=145&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=208&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td width=224&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3627&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;For

      the plan years ended December&amp;#160;31, 2011 and

      December&amp;#160;31, 2010, respectively, the Company was not

      listed in the pension trust fund forms 5500 as providing more

      than 5% of the total contributions for the plans. The

      collective bargaining agreements covering the above pension

      trust funds expire on October 18, 2016 for the CSSS Fund and

      May 14, 2016 for the WCT Fund.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3629&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Company&amp;#8217;s contributions for all multi-employer pension

      plans for the last three fiscal years are as follow:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3654 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3630&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3634&gt;

            &lt;u&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Pension

            Fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3631&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3635&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3632&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3636&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3633&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3637&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3654.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3638&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;CSSS

            Fund&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          1,051

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          944

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          897

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3642&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;WCT

            Fund&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          471

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          455

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          612

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3646&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other

            multi-employer pension funds&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          262

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          244

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          224

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3654.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3650&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          1,784

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          1,643

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3654.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;

          1,733

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_DeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskCashFlowHedgeUnrealizedGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12Months'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 01
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3727 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.lead.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.amt.D5 colspan=14&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3696&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.1.trail.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3697&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3698&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3699&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.lead.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.amt.D5 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3700&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.2.trail.D5&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3701&gt;

            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal

            2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.lead.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.symb.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.amt.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3727.finRow.3.trail.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3702&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            sales&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          182,849

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          166,568

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          144,723

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.amt.5&gt;

          167,867

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.4.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3707&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Gross

            profit&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          58,293

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          54,591

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          46,353

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.amt.5&gt;

          58,013

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.5.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3712&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          14,392

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          12,017

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          8,414

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.amt.5&gt;

          12,097

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.6.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3717&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          .31

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;

          .18

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.amt.5&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.7.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3727.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3722&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          .31

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.4&gt;

          .18

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.amt.5&gt;

          .26

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3727.finRow.8.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3755 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3729&gt;

            &lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal

            2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B2&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B3&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B4&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.lead.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.symb.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.amt.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3755.finRow.1.trail.B5&gt;

          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3730&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            sales&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          169,080

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          157,974

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.4&gt;

          136,401

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.amt.5&gt;

          165,431

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.2.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3735&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Gross

            profit&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          61,074

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          54,103

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          45,235

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.amt.5&gt;

          52,845

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.3.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3740&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          13,435

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          11,123

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          7,904

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.symb.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.amt.5&gt;

          11,531

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.4.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3745&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          .29

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          .24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          .17

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.amt.5&gt;

          .25

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.5.trail.5 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3755.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3750&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Earnings

            per common share &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          .29

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          .24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          .17

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.lead.5&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.symb.5&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3755.finRow.6.amt.5&gt;

          .25

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_PropertiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_AccruedLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 10%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10% id=TBL3680 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3665&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3680.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3666&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal

            2014&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          4,742

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3668&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal

            2015&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          3,423

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3670&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal

            2016&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          3,016

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3672&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal

            2017&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          2,636

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3674&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal

            2018&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          2,361

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3676&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          4,257

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3680.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3678&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total

            minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3680.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          20,435

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis

      of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3191&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3193&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash

      and Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3194&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3196&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative

      Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3197&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We

      use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate

      our exposure to changes in certain&amp;#160;raw material costs.

      All derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair

      value in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use

      derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative

      purposes. Credit risk related to derivative financial

      instruments is managed by requiring high credit standards for

      counterparties and frequent cash settlements. See Note

      6.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3220&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings

      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3221&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Basic

      earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings

      available to common shareholders by the weighted average

      number of common shares outstanding during the period.

      Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar

      manner, but includes the dilutive effect of stock options,

      which amounted to 172,000 shares in Fiscal 2013, 181,000

      shares in Fiscal 2012 and 185,000 shares in Fiscal 2011.

      Options to purchase 291,000 shares in Fiscal 2011 were not

      included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common

      share because these options were anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3199&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair

      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3200&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3220&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings

      Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3221&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3199&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair

      Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3200&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3202&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment

      of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3203&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3205&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income

      Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3206&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3208&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Insurance

      Programs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3209&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3211&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible

      Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3212&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3214&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3215&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3217&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing

      Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3218&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3223&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property,

      Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3224&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3226&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue

      Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3227&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3229&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Sales

      Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3230&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3233&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3235&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping

      and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3236&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3238&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based

      Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3239&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3241&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Trade

      Receivables&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3242&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;We

      record trade receivables at net realizable value, which

      includes an appropriate allowance for doubtful accounts. We

      extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#8217;s

      financial condition, generally without requiring collateral.

      Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due

      to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our

      exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for

      anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances,

      credit conditions and historical write-offs. Activity in the

      allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5% id=TBL3266 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3245&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3246&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3247&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3248&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3249&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3250&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance

            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          399

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          452

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          509

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3254&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          96

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          67

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3258&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (41

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (57

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (124

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3262&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance

            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          454

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          399

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          452

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3268&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3270&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use

      of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3271&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 80%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 5%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5% id=TBL3266 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3245&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3246&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3247&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3248&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3249&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3266.finRow.2.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3250&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance

            at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          399

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          452

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.amt.4&gt;

          509

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.3.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3254&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            charge to expense&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          96

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          4

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          67

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3258&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Net

            charge-off&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (41

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          (57

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          (124

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3266.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3262&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Balance

            at end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          454

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          399

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3266.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          452

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_DebtDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_MinimumLeasePaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_Note9StockBasedCompensationDetailsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorizedPerIndividual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPercentageOfPurchasedSharesMatched'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardPurchasePriceOfCommonStockPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPSharesInESOP'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5154 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5155&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5156&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: uppercase&gt;CAPITAL STOCK AND

            TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3337&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The

      Company paid special cash dividends on common stock of $118.1

      million ($2.55 per share) on December 27, 2012, $106.3

      million ($2.30 per share) on February 14, 2011 and $62.3

      million ($1.35 per share) on January&amp;#160;22, 2010.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3339&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;On

      January 25, 2013, the Company sold 400,000 shares of Special

      Series D Preferred Stock, par value $1 per share

      (&amp;#8220;Series D Preferred&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase

      price of $20 million. Series D Preferred has a liquidation

      preference of $50 per share and accrues dividends on this

      amount at an annual rate of 3% through April 30, 2014 and,

      thereafter, at an annual rate equal to 370 basis points above

      the 3-Month LIBOR. Dividends are cumulative and payable

      quarterly. Unpaid dividends at April 27, 2013 were $141,000.

      The Series D Preferred is nonvoting and is redeemable at the

      option of the Company beginning May 1, 2014 at $50 per share.

      The net proceeds of $19.7 million were used to repay

      borrowings under the Credit Facilities. In addition, the

      Company has 150,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par

      value $1 per share, which are held as treasury stock and,

      therefore, such shares have no liquidation value.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3341&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;In

      April 2012, the Board of Directors authorized an increase in

      the Company&amp;#8217;s Stock Buyback Program from 800,000 to 1.6

      million shares of common stock. As of April 27, 2013, 502,060

      shares were purchased under the program and 1,097,940 shares

      were available for purchase. There were no shares purchased

      during the last three fiscal years.&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3343&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Feb. 14
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jan. 22
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Mar. 31
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jan. 25
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 01
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3298 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=6&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3277&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3278&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3279&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3298.finRow.2.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3280&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          9,779

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          9,779

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3283&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Buildings

            and improvements&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          49,391

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          48,363

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3286&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Machinery

            and equipment&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          141,314

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          136,019

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3289&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          200,484

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          194,161

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3292&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Less

            accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          (143,177

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          (137,432

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3298.finRow.8&gt;

        &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt id=PARA3295&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Property,

            plant and equipment &amp;#8211; net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.2&gt;

          57,307

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3298.finRow.8.amt.3&gt;

          56,729

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_ActivityOfAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3426 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3403&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3404&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3407&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3405&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3408&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3406&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3409&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3410&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Interest

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (37

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          (69

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          (140

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3414&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Loss

            on disposal of property, net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          63

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          7

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          82

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3418&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          147

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          147

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          78

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3422&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          173

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          85

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;

          20

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3597 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3575&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;of

            Shares&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.1.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3576&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3577&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Price

            &lt;sup&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3597.finRow.1.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.2&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 70%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3578&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            outstanding, beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.2&gt;

          512,620

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.amt.3&gt;

          7.24

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.2.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3581&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.2&gt;

          2,000

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.amt.3&gt;

          8.39

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.3.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3585&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (40,240

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          5.95

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3588&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          (32,570

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          4.90

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3591&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            outstanding, end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          441,810

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          6.86

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3597.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3594&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Options

            exercisable, end of year&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          265,088

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3597.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          5.63

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 80%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 85%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossesOnFinancingReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27

 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL5160 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr&gt;

        &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5161&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p id=PARA5162&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER

            EXPENSE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

    &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3400&gt;

      &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other

      expense (income) consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;

    &lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt id=TBL3426 border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.1&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.amt.D4 colspan=10&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3403&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(In

            thousands)&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.1.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.3&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D2 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3404&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3407&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D2&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D3 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3405&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3408&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D3&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.lead.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.amt.D4 colspan=2&gt;

          &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3406&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Fiscal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3409&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top id=TBL3426.finRow.3.trail.D4&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.4&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3410&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Interest

            income&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.2&gt;

          (37

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.3&gt;

          (69

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.amt.4&gt;

          (140

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.4.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

          )

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.5&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3414&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Loss

            on disposal of property, net&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.2&gt;

          63

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.3&gt;

          7

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.amt.4&gt;

          82

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.5.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.6&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3418&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.2&gt;

          147

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.3&gt;

          147

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.symb.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.amt.4&gt;

          78

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.6.trail.4 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

      &lt;/tr&gt;

      &lt;tr id=TBL3426.finRow.7&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;

          &lt;p style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN: 0pt id=PARA3422&gt;

            &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;

          &lt;/p&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.2&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.2&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.2&gt;

          173

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.3&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.3&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.3&gt;

          85

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.trail.3 nowrap=nowrap&gt;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.lead.4&gt;

          &amp;#160;

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.symb.4&gt;

          $

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom id=TBL3426.finRow.7.amt.4&gt;

          20

        &lt;/td&gt;

        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_fizz_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 100%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 52%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 9%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Apr. 28
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityReserveEstimatePolicy'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fizz_SalesIncentivesPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<table style=WIDTH: 90%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 31%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 55%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


            <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


        <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff; WIDTH: 1%; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times


      <font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Apr. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jul. 02
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Oct. 26

