

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-18-012472
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180428
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180627
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180627
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL BEVERAGE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000069891
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				592605822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14170
		FILM NUMBER:		18920800
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 SW 10TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4000
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9545810922
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8100 SW 10TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4000
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33324









	
	






 D.C. 20549





For the fiscal year ended April 28
 2018















			


			




			


			




8100 SW Tenth Street
 Suite 4000
t Lauderdale
 F


Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
 including area code:





			


			





 par value $.01 per share


			







 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ( ) No (&#10003;)






 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months. Yes (&#10003;) No ( )


 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. (&#10003;)


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer (&#10003;) Accelerated filer ( ) Non-accelerated filer ( ) Smaller reporting company ( ) Emerging growth company ( )


 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ( )




 2017 was approximately $1.1 billion.


 2018 was 46
618
240.
















			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules


			




			


			

















 juices and
 to a lesser degree
 energy drinks. Over the past few years
 our carbonated soft drink brands continue to be modified as we endeavor to make them more adaptable to our consumers. We believe our ingenious product designs
 innovative packaging and imaginative flavors
 along with our corporate culture and philosophy
 make National Beverage unique as a stand-alone entity in the beverage industry.





Building on a rich tradition of flavor and brand innovation with more than a 125 year history of development with iconic brands such as Shasta&reg; and Faygo&reg;
 we have extended our flavor and essence leadership and technical expertise to the sparkling water category. Proprietary flavors and essences are developed and tested in-house and only made commercially available after extensive concept and sensory evaluation. Our variety of distinctive flavors provides us a unique advantage with today&rsquo;s consumers who demand variety and refreshing beverage alternatives.

 &ndash; We believe that innovative marketing
 packaging and consumer engagement is more effective in today&rsquo;s marketplace than traditional higher-cost national advertising. In addition to our cost-effective social media platforms
 we utilize regionally-focused marketing programs and in-store &ldquo;brand ambassadors&rdquo; to interact and obtain feedback from our consumers. We also believe the design of our packages and the overall optical effect of their placement on the shelf (&ldquo;shelf marketing&rdquo;) has become more important as millennials and younger generations become increasingly influential consumers
 and are now influencing baby boomers and older generations.







 &ndash; In a beverage industry that is dominated by the &ldquo;cola giants&rdquo;
 we pride ourselves on being smaller
 faster and stronger. We believe we are able to respond faster and more creatively to consumer trends than competitors who are burdened by legacy production and distribution complexity and costs. The ability to identify consumer trends and create new product concepts to lead the market defines our new product development model. Speed to market with the appropriate concept
 unique flavor creation and trend-forward &lsquo;better-for-you&rsquo; ingredients continues to be our goal. Internal development teams are responsible for concept creation
 packaging and design
 which allow for rapid &lsquo;go to market&rsquo; timing and reduced development costs.


 our primary market focus is the United States and Canada. Certain of our products are also distributed on a limited basis in other countries and options to expand distribution to other regions are being considered.


 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and &ldquo;National Beverage&rdquo; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries unless indicated otherwise.






 energy drinks
 and juices. Our portfolio of Power+ Brands includes LaCroix&reg;
 LaCroix C&uacute;rate&reg;
 LaCroix NiCola&reg; and Shasta&reg; Sparkling Water products; Rip It&reg; energy drinks and shots; and Everfresh&reg;
 Everfresh Premier Varietals&trade; and Mr. Pure&reg; 100% juice and juice-based products. Additionally
 we produce and distribute carbonated soft drinks including Shasta&reg; and Faygo&reg;
 iconic brands whose consumer loyalty spans more than 125 years.












		



			




 our most significant and dominant brand
 calories
 sodium
 of LaCroix has propelled it to the top-selling domestic sparkling water. Naturally essenced
 LaCroix has gained the support of national retailers in multiple channels
 including mass merchants


		
			

		

 robust aroma
 naturally &lsquo;essenced&rsquo; and premium-priced


		
			

		

&rsquo; effect of no calories
 sodium





 ground-breaking flavor concepts
 and a go-to-market strategy designed to maximize cultural demographic concepts.



Shasta&reg; Sparkling Water duplicates the iconic flavors that have charmed its loyal consumers over the past 125 plus years with the first genuine soft-drink alternative (SDA). Shasta Sparkling is naturally-essenced without calories

&rsquo;

 and exciting alternative
 including Lemon-Lime Splash
 Draft Root Beer
 Shasta Cola
 California Orange
 Original Pure and Big Black Cherry. Shasta Sparkling complements a healthier lifestyle with its eloquent design and packaging in tall 10.5 ounce cans with an industry-first &ldquo;clean&rdquo; label.










Everfresh&reg; and Mr. Pure&reg; 100% juice and juice drinks are available in a variety of flavors
 from such classics as Orange
 Cranberry and flavored lemonades to exotics that include Premium Papaya
 Pineapple Mango
 Peach Watermelon and Island Punch. Distributed primarily in the Midwest
 the brands&rsquo; signature package is a hot-filled
 16 oz. glass bottle primarily for single-serve consumption.


 a unique theme from Everfresh
 is positioned as a stand-alone brand for display in the produce section of supermarkets. Everfresh Premier Varietals is a premium line of 100% natural apple juice derived from a variety of apples specific to the taste of the varietal
 such as Granny Smith
 McIntosh
 Honey Crisp
 Golden Delicious
 Fuji and Pink Lady.




Rip It&reg; Energy Fuel is &lsquo;Real Energy for Real People&rsquo; offering flavor freedom in 14 exceptional flavors with 6 sugar free options. With its unique positioning
 Rip It continues to gain fans in the growing energy category. Rip It &ldquo;Tribute&rdquo; themed energy is a successful military-inspired addition to the lineup. Building on the flavor tradition of original Rip It
 a 2 oz. sugar-free shot version in eight flavors is marketed through our distribution system in displayable package configurations.




More than 125 years old
 Shasta&reg; is recognized as a bottling industry pioneer and innovator. Shasta features multiple flavors
 including products targeted to the growing Hispanic and other ethnic markets
 and continues to earn consumer loyalty by delivering value
 convenience and such unique tastes as Raspberry Cr&egrave;me
 Pineapple Orange and Very Cherry Twist. More than 110 years old
 Faygo&reg; products are primarily distributed east of the Mississippi River and include numerous unique flavors including Red Pop&reg;
 Moon Mist&reg;
 and Rock&rsquo;n&rsquo;Rye&reg;.


 products produced locally may generate retailer-sponsored promotional activities and receive media exposure through community activities rather than costly national advertising.







During recent years
 we reformulated many of our brands to reduce the caloric content while still preserving their time-tested flavor profiles. Our brands
 optically and ingredient-wise
 are always a work in process. We continually strive to make all our drinks healthier while still maintaining their iconic taste profiles. As often as innovation develops
 we endeavor to significantly improve our products
 always seeking quality and authenticity over cost.





We employ a philosophy that emphasizes vertical integration; our production model integrates the procurement of raw materials and crafting of essences and concentrates with the production of finished products. Our twelve strategically-located production facilities are near major metropolitan markets across the continental United States. The locations of our facilities enable us to efficiently produce and distribute beverages to substantially all geographic markets in the United States
 including the top 25 metropolitan statistical areas. Each facility is generally equipped to produce both canned and bottled beverage products in a variety of package sizes.


 distribution and marketing of our brands
 we believe we can more effectively manage quality control and consumer appeal while responding quickly to changing market conditions.


 we can craft our products in accordance with uniform quality standards while innovating flavors to meet changing consumer preferences. We believe the combination of a Company-owned bottling network
 together with uniform standards for packaging
 formulations and customer service
 provides us with a strategic advantage in servicing national retailers and mass-merchandisers. We also maintain research and development laboratories at multiple locations. These laboratories continually test products for compliance with our strict quality control standards as well as conduct research for new products and flavors.










 as well as thousands of smaller &ldquo;up-and-down-the-street&rdquo; accounts
 we utilize a hybrid distribution system to deliver our products through three primary distribution channels: take-home
 convenience and food-service.

The take-home distribution channel consists of national and regional grocery stores
 warehouse clubs
 mass-merchandisers
 wholesalers and dollar stores. We distribute our products to this channel primarily through the warehouse distribution system and to a lesser extent
 the direct-store delivery system.&nbsp;


 products are shipped from our production facilities to the retailer&rsquo;s centralized distribution centers and then distributed by the retailer to each of its store locations with other goods. This method allows our retail partners to further maximize assets by utilizing their ability to pick-up product at our warehouses
 thus further lowering their/our product costs. Products sold through the direct-store delivery system are distributed directly to the customer&rsquo;s retail outlets by our direct-store delivery fleet and by independent distributors.


 gas stations and other smaller &ldquo;up-and-down-the-street&rdquo; accounts. Because of the higher retail prices and margins that typically prevail
 we have developed packaging and graphics specifically targeted to this market.


 specialized distributors who sell to hospitals
 schools
 military bases
 airlines
 hotels and food-service wholesalers. Also
 our Company-owned direct-store delivery fleet distributes products to certain schools and other food-service customers.


 convenience and food-service operations use vending machines and glass-door coolers as marketing and promotional tools for our brands. We provide vending machines and coolers on a placement or purchase basis to our customers. We believe vending and cooler equipment magnifies on-site visual trial thus increasing sales and enhancing brand awareness.




 focusing on one or more geographic territories
 distribution channels or product lines. We believe this focus allows our sales group to provide high level
 responsive service and support to our customers and markets.&nbsp;








 digital social marketing
 social media engagement and creative content. We are focused on increasing our digital presence and capabilities to further enhance the consumer experience across our brands. We may retain agencies to assist with social media content creative and platform selection for our brands.


 we maintain and enhance consumer brand recognition and loyalty through a combination of regional event participation
 special event marketing
 endorsements
 consumer coupon distribution and product sampling. Additionally
 we offer numerous promotional programs to retail customers
 including cooperative advertising support
&rsquo; ambassadors
 in-store promotional activities and other incentives. These elements allow marketing and other consumer programs to be tailored to meet local and regional demographics.






 we believe we are able to procure more competitive arrangements with our suppliers
 thereby enhancing our ability to compete as an efficient producer of beverages.


 glass and plastic bottles
 water
 carbon dioxide
 juice and flavor concentrates
 sweeteners
 cartons and closures. We craft a substantial portion of our flavor essences and concentrates while purchasing the remaining raw materials from multiple suppliers.


 although strikes
 weather conditions
 utility shortages
 governmental control or regulations
 national emergencies
 quality
 price or supply fluctuations or other events outside our control could adversely affect the supply of specific materials. A significant portion of our raw material purchases
 including aluminum cans
 plastic bottles
 high fructose corn syrup
 corrugated packaging and juice concentrates
 are derived from commodities. Therefore
 pricing and availability tend to fluctuate based upon worldwide commodity market conditions. In certain cases
 we may elect to enter into multi-year agreements for the supply of these materials with one or more suppliers
 the terms of which may include variable or fixed pricing
 minimum purchase quantities and/or the requirement to purchase all supplies for specified locations. Additionally
 we use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in certain raw material costs.




 including fluctuations in costs of raw materials
 holiday and seasonal programming and weather conditions. While yesteryear witnessed more seasonality
 higher sales are realized during the summer when outdoor activities are more prevalent.









While LaCroix&reg; Sparkling Water achieved double-digit growth in all of the 52 Nielsen metropolitan statistical areas in fiscal 2018 and is the significant brand of choice as the number one sparkling water in 42 of those markets
 the beverage industry is highly competitive and our competitive position may vary by market area. Our products compete with many varieties of liquid refreshment
 including water products
 soft drinks
 juices
 fruit drinks
 energy drinks and sports drinks
 as well as powdered drinks
 coffees
 teas
 dairy-based drinks
 functional beverages and various other nonalcoholic beverages. We compete with bottlers and distributors of national
 regional and private label products. Several competitors
 including those that dominate the beverage industry
 such as Nestl&eacute; S.A.
 PepsiCo and The Coca-Cola Company
 have greater financial resources than we have and aggressive promotion of their products may adversely affect sales of our brands.


 advertising and marketing programs
 point-of-sale merchandising
 retail space management
 customer service
 product differentiation
 packaging innovations and distribution methods. We believe our Company differentiates itself through novel methods of innovation
 key brand recognition
 focused social media
 innovative flavor variety
 attractive packaging
 efficient distribution methods
 and
 for some product lines
 value pricing.











 distribution and sale of our products in the United States are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; the Lanham Act; various environmental statutes; and various other federal
 state and local statutes regulating the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. We believe that we are in compliance
 in all material respects
 with such existing legislation.








 as well as by Congress. We are unable to predict whether such legislation will be enacted or what impact its enactment would have on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.



 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions has not had any material adverse effect on our financial or competitive position. We believe our current practices and procedures for the control and disposition of toxic or hazardous substances comply in all material respects with applicable law.





 2018
 we employed approximately 1
500 people
 of which 370 are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe we maintain good relations with our employees.





 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition
 our Code of Ethics is available on our website. The information on the Company&rsquo;s website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report that we file with
 or furnish to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission.




 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company&rsquo;s business. Our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company
 or that the Company currently deems immaterial
 may also impair our business and results of operations.


 Our beverage portfolio is comprised of a number of unique brands with time-tested reputations and consumer loyalty that have been built over time. Our investments in social media and marketing as well as our strong commitment to product quality are intended to have a favorable impact on brand image and consumer preferences. Unfavorable publicity
 or allegations of quality issues
 even if false or unfounded
 could tarnish our reputation and brand image and could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition
 if we do not adequately anticipate and react to changing demographics
 consumer trends
 health concerns and product preferences
 our financial results could be adversely affected.







The beverage industry is extremely competitive. Our products compete with a broad range of beverage products
 most of which are manufactured and distributed by companies with substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources. In order to generate future revenues and profits
 we must continue to sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Discounting and other actions by our competitors may make it more difficult to sustain revenues and profits.

Our retail customer base has been consolidating over the last several years resulting in fewer customers with increased purchasing power. This increased purchasing power can limit our ability to increase pricing for our products with certain of our customers. Additionally
 e-commerce transactions and value stores are experiencing rapid growth. Our inability to adapt to customer requirements could lead to a loss of business and adversely affect our financial results.

 The production of our products is dependent on certain raw materials
 including aluminum
 resin
 corn
 linerboard
 water and fruit juice. In addition
 the production and distribution of our products is dependent on energy sources
 including natural gas
 fuel and electricity. These items are subject to price volatility caused by numerous factors. Commodity price increases ultimately result in a corresponding increase in the cost of raw materials and energy. We may be limited in our ability to pass these increases on to our customers or may incur a loss in sales volume to the extent price increases are taken. In addition
 strikes
 weather conditions
 governmental controls
 tariffs
 national emergencies
 natural disasters
 supply shortages or other events could affect our continued supply and cost of raw materials and energy. If raw materials or energy costs increase
 or the availability is limited
 our financial results could be adversely affected.

Our business and properties are subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including those governing the production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and distribution of beverage products. In addition
 various governmental agencies have enacted or are considering additional taxes on soft drinks and other sweetened beverages. Changes in existing laws or regulations could require material expenses and negatively affect our financial results through lower sales or higher costs.

 Our profitability is affected by the cost of medical and retirement benefits provided to employees
 including employees covered under collective bargaining agreements and multi-employer pension plans. In recent years
 we have experienced increases in these costs as a result of certain factors beyond our control. Although we seek to limit these cost increases
 continued upward pressure in these costs could reduce our profitability.

 Unfavorable weather conditions could have an adverse impact on our revenue and profitability. Unusually cold or rainy weather may temporarily reduce demand for our products and contribute to lower sales
 which could adversely affect our profitability for such periods. Prolonged drought conditions in the geographic regions in which we do business could lead to restrictions on the use of water
 which could adversely affect our ability to produce and distribute products.

 Our performance significantly depends upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees
 both individually and as a group
 and our ability to retain and motivate them. Our officers and key personnel have many years of experience with us and in our industry and it may be difficult to replace them. If we lose key personnel or are unable to recruit qualified personnel
 our operations and ability to manage our business may be adversely affected.














 which aggregate approximately two million square feet. We own ten production facilities in the following states: California (2)
 Georgia
 Kansas
 Michigan (2)
 Ohio
 Texas
 Utah and Washington. Two production facilities
 located in Maryland and Florida
 are leased subject to agreements that expire through 2020. We believe our facilities are generally in good condition and sufficient to meet our present needs.


 such as the industry&rsquo;s conversion to lighter weight containers or improved blending processes that enhance ingredient yields. Although we are continually investing in more efficient equipment
 we are not aware of any anticipated industry-wide changes in technology that would adversely impact our current physical production capacity or cost of production.


 vans and automobiles used in the sale
 delivery and distribution of our products. In addition
 we lease warehouse and office space
 transportation equipment
 office equipment and certain manufacturing equipment.





 we are a party to various litigation matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.















		

			


MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES





 par value $.01 per share
 (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &ldquo;FIZZ&rdquo;. The following table shows the range of high and low prices per share of the Common Stock for the fiscal quarters indicated:




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







 2018 there were approximately 28
000 holders of our Common Stock
 the majority of which hold their shares in the names of various dealers and/or clearing agencies.


 2017 (Fiscal 2018) and January 27
 2017 (Fiscal 2017).


 2018
 502
060 shares were purchased under the program and 1
097
940 shares were available for purchase. No shares of Common Stock have been repurchased during the last three fiscal years.










 2013
 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 in (i)&nbsp;Common Stock
 (ii)&nbsp;the NASDAQ Composite Index
 (iii) the S&amp;P 500 Index
&nbsp;and (iv)&nbsp;a Company-constructed peer group consisting of Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated and Cott Corporation. Based on the cumulative total return below
 an investment in our Common Stock on April 27
 2013 provided a compounded annual return of approximately 45% as of April 28
 2018.









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			












		

			





		

			


		


 except per share and footnote amounts)






			
			

			

			


			
			




			
			




			
			




			
			




			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 general and administrative expenses

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant and equipment - net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			
			






			

			

 2017 and January 27
 2017.






			

			
			






			

			
			















 juices and
 to a lesser degree
 energy drinks. Over the past few years
 our carbonated soft drink brands continue to be modified as we endeavor to make them more adaptable to our consumers. We believe our ingenious product designs
 innovative packaging and imaginative flavors
 along with our corporate culture and philosophy
 make National Beverage unique as a stand-alone entity in the beverage industry.


 typical soda pop manufacturer whose acquisition cost had not yet been determined. One
 at the time
 could have described it as a 


 but finds that its creativity and innovation transformed the entire soft drink industry!


 which due to the bricks and mortar costs to all retailers
 allows our retail partners to further maximize assets by utilizing their ability to pick up product at our warehouses
 thus further lowering their/our product costs.


 with the exception of the warehouse delivery system
 National Beverage Corp. has completed its transformation from that typical soda pop manufacturer of January 1986 to the master innovator of this healthier refreshment company! From our corporate philosophy
 development of products
 marketing to manufacturing
thirst quencher that compassionately cares for their nutritional health. We are in our infancy and have only begun in our quest to innovate for the joy
 benefit and enjoyment of our consumers&rsquo; healthier lifestyle!








 National Beverage Corp. is uniquely positioned in three distinctive ways:


		
			

			



 each retailer induced their consumer with a proprietary brand (especially soft drinks)
 that the well-informed
 smart consumer is demanding that retailers provide recognizable brands that have earned their respective consumer standing on their merits.





		
			

			



 without exception. Innovation
 plus the urgent time demands on the consumer
 is requiring quick
 expedient shopping and home delivery is even more of a current shoppers&rsquo; choice. Retailers cannot carry slower-moving items that home delivery will not support.











		
			

			



 and personal mental/physical lifestyles demand that healthier is their preferred choice. Calories must qualify as worthy; sugar being enemy #1 in the life of the Millennial.





 packaging and consumer engagement and (iv) responding faster and more creatively to changing consumer trends that larger competitors who are burdened by legacy production
 distribution complexity and costs cannot quickly comply with.


 our primary market focus is the United States and Canada. Certain of our products are also distributed on a limited basis in other countries and options to expand distribution to other regions are being considered. To service a diverse customer base that includes numerous national retailers
 as well as thousands of smaller &ldquo;up-and-down-the-street&rdquo; accounts
 we utilize a hybrid distribution system to deliver our products primarily through the warehouse delivery system and distributors.


 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and &ldquo;National Beverage&rdquo; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries unless indicated otherwise.


 including fluctuations in the costs of raw materials
 holiday and seasonal programming and weather conditions. While yesteryear witnessed more seasonality
 higher sales are realized during the summer when outdoor activities are more prevalent.


 where new beverages are developed and produced for selective holidays and ceremonial dates
 should not be analyzed on the common three-month (quarterly) periods
 traditionally found acceptable. Today
 costly development projects and seasonal weather periods&nbsp;plus promotional packaging
 make quarter-to-quarter comparisons unworthy statistics and forces companies to decision making for that purpose
 not truly beneficial for investors and shareholders alike.







 2018 (&ldquo;Fiscal 2018&rdquo;) increased 18.0% to $975.7 million compared to $826.9 million for fiscal year ended April 29
 2017 (&ldquo;Fiscal 2017&rdquo;). The increase in sales resulted primarily from a 19.8% increase in branded case volume and
 to a lesser extent
 a higher average selling price. Power+ Brands volume increased 38.9%; branded carbonated soft drinks volume declined by 6.2%. The Company discontinued its lower-margin
 private-label carbonated soft drink business in the third quarter of Fiscal 2018
 allowing future performance to be more focused on brand equity appreciation.








 2016 (&ldquo;Fiscal 2016&rdquo;). The increase in sales resulted primarily from a 16.6% increase in case volume and
 to a lesser extent
 a higher average selling price. Power+ Brands volume increased 42.6%; branded carbonated soft drinks volume was flat.



 offset in part by increased cost of sales per case. Cost of sales per case increased 1.0% primarily due to higher aluminum costs. Gross margin expanded to 40.1%.


 growth in higher margin Power+ Brands and a decline in cost of sales per case of 5.7%. The decrease in cost of sales per case was due to favorable product mix changes and lower raw material costs. Gross margin expanded to 39.4%.


 general and administrative expenses
 the classification of which is consistent with many beverage companies. However
 our gross margin may not be comparable to companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of sales. See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses

 general and administrative expenses were $186.9 million or 19.2% of net sales for Fiscal 2018
 increasing $23.3 million from Fiscal 2017. The increase was primarily due to shipping and other volume-related expenses and marketing spending increases. As a percent of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to the leveraging effects of higher volume on fixed costs.


 general and administrative expenses were $163.6 million or 19.8% of net sales for Fiscal 2017 compared to $148.4 million or 21.1% of net sales for Fiscal 2016. The increase was primarily due to shipping and other volume-related expenses and marketing spending increases. As a percent of net sales
 selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to the leveraging effects of higher volume on fixed costs and growth of&nbsp;products distributed by customer pick-up.



 for part of Fiscal 2016
 interest on borrowings. Interest expense was essentially flat for all years presented. Other expense is net of interest income of $1.6 million for Fiscal 2018
 $.6 million for Fiscal 2017 and $.1 million for Fiscal 2016. The change in interest income is due to changes in average invested balances and increased return on investments.









 34.3% for Fiscal 2017 and 34% for Fiscal 2016. The reduction in the effective tax rate was due to the statutory rate decreases set forth in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Act&rdquo;) enacted into law on December 22
 2017. Under the Tax Act
 the applicable federal statutory rate was 30.4% for Fiscal 2018. Included in the effective tax rate for Fiscal 2018 is a one-time adjustment reducing income tax expense to remeasure previous deferred tax liabilities of $4.3 million. In all years
 the difference between the effective rate and the federal statutory rate was due to the effects of state income taxes
 the domestic manufacturing deduction and share-based payment awards. The applicable federal statutory rate under the Tax Act will be reduced to 21% for fiscal 2019. See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.





 2018
 we maintained $100 million unsecured revolving credit facilities
 under which no borrowings were outstanding and $2.1 million was reserved for standby letters of credit. We believe that existing capital resources will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the next twelve months. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


 enhance packaging capabilities or improve efficiencies at our production facilities. Expenditures for property
 plant and equipment amounted to $32.0 million for Fiscal 2018 primarily to expand production capacity. The Company expects capital expenditures to increase in Fiscal 2019 to support volume growth.


 2017 and January 27
 2017. The Company has announced it plans to develop a program to increase distribution to shareholders based on the length of time they have owned their shares.


 we incurred a fee to Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc. (&ldquo;CMA&rdquo;) of $9.8 million for Fiscal 2018
 $8.3 million for Fiscal 2017 and $7.0 million for Fiscal 2016. At April 28
 2018
 management fees payable to CMA were $2.4 million. See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



 $154.7 million was provided by operating activities
 $31.9 million was used in investing activities and $69.3 million was used in financing activities. Cash provided by operating activities increased $40.5 million primarily due to increased earnings offset in part by increased working capital. Cash used in investing activities increased due to increased capital expenditures. Spending on property
 plant and equipment exceeded depreciation expense
 our typical investment level
&nbsp;in order to support volume growth.&nbsp;Cash used in financing activities includes the $69.9 million ($1.50 per share) special cash dividend paid on August 4
 2017.


 $114.3 million was provided by operating activities
 $14.0 million was used in investing activities and $69.5 million was used in financing activities. Cash provided by operating activities increased $33.8 million primarily due to increased earnings and favorable changes in working capital. Cash used in investing activities increased $2.0 million reflecting higher capital expenditures and lower proceeds from the sale of property. Cash used in financing activities includes the $69.9 million ($1.50 per share) special cash dividend paid on January 27
 2017.









 our working capital increased to $248.3 million from $181.1 million at April 29
 2017. The increase in working capital resulted from higher cash
 trade receivables and inventory
 partially offset by higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Trade receivables increased $13.0 million or 18.3% due to increased sales
 and days sales outstanding increased to 31.4 days from 30.6 days. Inventories increased $7.6 million or 14.2% as a result of increased finished goods and raw materials to support sales increases. Annual inventory turns remained unchanged at 9.5 times. As of April 28
 2018
 the current ratio was 3.4 to 1 compared to 3.1 to 1 at April 29
 2017.


 our working capital increased to $181.1 million from $143.6 million at April 30
 2016. The increase in working capital resulted from higher cash
 trade receivables and inventory
 partially offset by higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Trade receivables increased $10.3 million or 17% due to increased sales while days sales outstanding improved to 30.6 days from 31.0 days. Inventories increased $5.4 million as a result of higher finished goods levels to support sales increases. Annual inventory turns remained unchanged at 9.5 times. At April 29
 2017
 the current ratio was 3.1 to 1 compared to 2.9 to 1 at April 30
 2016.




 2018 are payable as follows:



			
			

			

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 $3.1 million for Fiscal 2017 and $2.9 million for Fiscal 2016. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


 medical and workers&rsquo; compensation exposures. Other long-term liabilities include known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance
 based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience. Since the timing and amount of claim payments vary significantly
 we are not able to reasonably estimate future payments for specific periods and therefore such payments have not been included in the table above. Standby letters of credit aggregating $2.1 million have been issued in connection with our self-insurance programs. These standby letters of credit expire through March 2019 and are expected to be renewed.










 or are reasonably likely to have
 a current or future material effect on our financial condition.




 they may ultimately differ from actual results. We believe that the critical accounting policies described in the following paragraphs comprise the most significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For these policies
 we caution that future events rarely develop exactly as estimated and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.




 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on specific customer circumstances
 credit conditions and historical write-offs.



 excluding goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair value based on the best information available. Estimated fair value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.



 more likely than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.



 medical and workers&rsquo; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience.









 based on written sales terms that do not allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
 however smaller direct-store delivery accounts may be sold on a cash basis. Our credit terms typically require payment within 30 days of delivery and may allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts
 collectability and our analysis of customer data.


 the aggregate incentive is recorded as a prepaid and amortized over the period of benefit. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may vary from accrued amounts. Such differences are recorded once determined and have historically not been significant. We will adopt ASU 2014-09
 
 and its amendments on April 29
 2018. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on revenue recognition and the transition to the new revenue recognition guidance.




 operational and business performance
 achievements
 objectives and strategies. These statements are &quot;forward-looking&quot; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements contained in this report and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in reports to our stockholders. Certain statements including
 without limitation
 statements containing the words &quot;believes
&quot; &quot;anticipates
&quot; &quot;intends
&quot; &quot;plans
&quot; &quot;expects
&quot; and &quot;estimates&quot; constitute &quot;forward-looking statements&quot; and involve known and unknown risk
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include
 but are not limited to
 the following: general economic and business conditions
 pricing of competitive products
 success of new product and flavor introductions
 fluctuations in the costs of raw materials and packaging supplies
 ability to pass along cost increases to our customers
 labor strikes or work stoppages or other interruptions in the employment of labor
 continued retailer support for our products
 changes in brand image
 consumer preferences and our success in creating products geared toward consumers&rsquo; tastes
 success in implementing business strategies
 changes in business strategy or development plans
 government regulations
 taxes or fees imposed on the sale of our products
 unfavorable weather conditions and other factors referenced in this report
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other reports to our stockholders. We disclaim an obligation to update any such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.











 including aluminum cans
 plastic bottles
 high fructose corn syrup
 corrugated packaging and juice concentrates
 the prices of which fluctuate based on commodity market conditions. Our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. At times
 we manage our exposure to this risk through the use of supplier pricing agreements that enable us to establish all
 or a portion of
 the purchase prices for certain raw materials. Additionally
 we use derivative financial instruments to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in certain raw material costs.



 2018
 the Company had no borrowings outstanding. We had no debt-related interest rate exposure during Fiscal 2018.&nbsp;








		

			


		

			


		

			


		


 except share data)








			
			




			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant and equipment - net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




000 shares issued

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 $.01 par value - 75
000
000 shares authorized; 50
650
784 shares (2018) and 50
616
134 shares (2017) issued

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




000 shares

			
			


			
			
			


			




032
784 shares

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			











		

			


		

			


		


 except per share amounts)








			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			




			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 general and administrative expenses

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			











		

			


		

			


		

			








			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			




			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of tax:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			











		

			


		

			


		

			








			
			
			
			


			
			


 2018

			
			


 2017

			
			


 2016

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			







			











		

			


		

			


		

			








			
			
			
			


			
			




			
			




			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 plant and equipment

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant and equipment

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			

			
			
			
			
			













 produces
 markets and sells a distinctive portfolio of sparkling waters
 juices
 energy drinks and carbonated soft drinks primarily in the United States and Canada. Incorporated in Delaware in 1985
 National Beverage Corp. is a holding company for various operating subsidiaries. When used in this report
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and &ldquo;National Beverage&rdquo; mean National Beverage Corp. and its subsidiaries.






			

			
			






 as a result
 an additional week is added every five or six years. All fiscal years presented consisted of 52 weeks.









 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options amounting to 323
000 shares in Fiscal 2018
 206
000 shares in Fiscal 2017 and 219
000 shares in Fiscal 2016.



 taking into consideration current market prices and credit worthiness. See Note 6.









 excluding goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Estimated fair value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.



 more likely than not
 that the benefit of deferred tax assets will not be realized.



 medical and workers&rsquo; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but not reported claims not otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience. At April 28
 2018 and April 29
 2017
 other liabilities included accruals of $6.5 million and $6.9 million
 respectively
 for estimated non-current risk retention exposures
 of which $5.0 million and $5.4 million were covered by insurance.



 2018 and April 29
 2017 consisted of non-amortizable trademarks.



 first-out cost or market. Inventories at April 28
 2018 were comprised of finished goods of $37.6 million and raw materials of $23.3 million. Inventories at April 29
 2017 were comprised of finished goods of $35.0 million and raw materials of $18.4 million.



 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 totaled $49.7 million in Fiscal 2018
 $44.9 million in Fiscal 2017 and $38.8 million in Fiscal 2016.









 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09
 &ldquo;Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2016-09&rdquo;). The updated guidance simplifies and changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 as well as classification of certain items in the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted ASU 2016-09 effective April 30
 2017 and elected to apply the cash flow guidance retrospectively; therefore
 cash flow from operating activities increased and cash flow from financing activities decreased by $495 thousand and $1.5 million for the twelve months ended April 29
 2017 and April 30
 2016
 respectively. The Company also elected to continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest using the forfeiture option. The adoption of ASU 2016-09 reduced the Company&rsquo;s income tax expense by $886 thousand for the twelve months ended April 28
 2018.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17
 &ldquo;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2015-17&rdquo;). ASU 2015-17 requires companies to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent on the balance sheet. We adopted ASU 2015-17 effective for our fiscal year beginning April 30
 2017
 electing to apply it retrospectively to all periods presented. As a result
 $3.9 million of deferred taxes was reclassified from current to non-current on the consolidated balance sheet as of April 29
 2017.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2018-02
 &ldquo;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2018-02&rdquo;). This update permits the impact of lower corporate income tax rates related to items classified in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified directly to retained earnings. We adopted ASU 2018-02 effective for our third quarter ended January 27
 2018. We elected not to reclassify the income tax effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings.



 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for goods or services. On August 12
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year and is effective for our fiscal year beginning April 29
 2018. Management has completed its evaluation and adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. Disclosure requirements under the new guidance have been significantly expanded.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02
 &ldquo;Leases&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;). ASU 2016-02 requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 is effective for our fiscal year beginning April 28
 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-12
 &ldquo;Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedge Activities&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASU 2017-12&rdquo;). This amendment simplifies the application of hedge accounting and enables companies to better portray the economics of risk management activities in their financial statements. ASU 2017-12 is effective for our fiscal year beginning April 28
 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.







Property
 Plant and Equipment

 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while maintenance and repairs that do not extend the useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of 5 to 30 years for buildings and improvements and 3 to 15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized.



 based on written sales terms that do not allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
 however smaller accounts are sold on a cash basis. Our credit terms typically require payment within 30 days of delivery and may allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts
 collectability and our analysis of customer data.


 the aggregate incentive is recorded as a prepaid and amortized over the period of benefit. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized may vary from accrued amounts. Such differences are recorded once determined and have historically not been significant. We will adopt ASU 2014-09
 
 and its amendments on April 29
 2018 using the modified retrospective approach
 with no anticipated material impact to the consolidated financial statements.



 the accompanying consolidated financial statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do not accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.



 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Such costs aggregated $63.3 million in Fiscal 2018
 $50.0 million in Fiscal 2017 and $44.6 million in Fiscal 2016. Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies
 our gross margin may not be comparable to companies that include shipping and handling costs in cost of sales.












 which includes an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&rsquo;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on our experience with past due accounts
 collectability and our analysis of customer data. Activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was as follows:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 2018 and April 29
 2017
 we did not have any customer that comprised more than 10% of trade receivables. No one customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales during any of the last three fiscal years.



 actual results may vary from reported amounts.







			

			
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT





 plant and equipment as of April 28
 2018 and April 29
 2017 consisted of the following:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant and equipment &ndash; net

			
			


			
			
			


			





 $10.7 million for Fiscal 2017 and $10.1 million for Fiscal 2016.














			

			
			





 2018 and April 29
 2017 consisted of the following:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			










			

			
			





 2018
 a subsidiary of the Company maintained unsecured revolving credit facilities with banks aggregating $100 million (the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;). The Credit Facilities expire from October 3
 2020 to June 18
 2021 and any borrowings would currently bear interest at .9% above one-month LIBOR. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities at April 28
 2018 or April 29
 2017. At April 28
 2018
 $2.1 million of the Credit Facilities was reserved for standby letters of credit and $97.9 million was available for borrowings.


 including debt to net worth and debt to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain other restrictions
 none of which are expected to have a material effect on our operations or financial position. At April 28
 2018
 we were in compliance with all loan covenants.







			

			
			





 2017 and January 27
 2017.


 2013
 the Company sold 400
000 shares of Special Series D Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share (&ldquo;Series D Preferred&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $20 million. On April 29
 2016
 the Company redeemed the final remaining 120
000 shares of Series D Preferred for an aggregate price of $6 million plus accrued dividends. In addition
 the Company has 150
000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 par value $1 per share
 which are held as treasury stock.


 2018
 502
060 shares were purchased under the program and 1
097
940 shares were available for purchase. No shares of Common Stock have been repurchased during the last three fiscal years.








 Inc. (&ldquo;CMA&rdquo;)
 a corporation owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This agreement was originated in 1991 for the efficient use of management of two public companies at the time. In 1994
 one of those public entities
 through a merger
 no longer was managed in this manner. Under the terms of the agreement
 CMA provides
 subject to the direction and supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company
 (i) senior corporate functions (including supervision of the Company&rsquo;s financial
 legal
 executive recruitment
 internal audit and information systems departments) as well as the services of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii) services in connection with acquisitions
 dispositions and financings by the Company
 including identifying and profiling acquisition candidates
 negotiating and structuring potential transactions and arranging financing for any such transaction. CMA
 through its personnel
 also provides
 to the extent possible
 the stimulus and creativity to develop an innovative and dynamic persona for the Company
 its products and corporate image. In order to fulfill its obligations under the management agreement
 CMA employs numerous individuals
 whom
 acting as a unit
 provide management
 administrative and creative functions for the Company. The management agreement provides that the Company will pay CMA an annual base fee equal to one percent of the consolidated net sales of the Company
 and further provides that the Compensation and Stock Option Committee and the Board of Directors may from time to time award additional incentive compensation to CMA or its personnel. The Board of Directors on numerous occasions contemplated incentive compensation and
 while shareholder value has increased over $4.8 billion (or 11
000%) since the inception of this agreement
 no incentive compensation has been paid. We incurred management fees to CMA of $9.8 million for Fiscal 2018
 $8.3 million for Fiscal 2017 and $7.0 million for Fiscal 2016. Included in accounts payable were amounts due CMA of $2.4 million at April 28
 2018 and $2.1 million at April 29
 2017.







			

			
			





 we enter into aluminum swap contracts to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of aluminum cans. Such financial instruments are designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly
 gains or losses attributable to the effective portion of the cash flow hedge are reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (&ldquo;AOCI&rdquo;) and reclassified into cost of sales in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our cash flow hedge was immaterial. The following summarizes the gains (losses) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and AOCI relative to the cash flow hedge for Fiscal 2018
 Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2016:&nbsp;&nbsp;




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			











 2018
 the notional amount of our outstanding aluminum swap contracts was $37.5 million and
 assuming no change in the commodity prices
 $6.2 million of unrealized gain before tax will be reclassified from AOCI and recognized in earnings over the next 12 months. See Note 1.


 2018
 the fair value of the derivative asset was $6.2 million
 which was included in prepaid and other assets. As of April 29
 2017
 the fair value of the derivative asset
 derivative liability and derivative long-term liability was $602 thousand
 $848 thousand and $476 thousand
 which was included in prepaid and other assets
 accrued liabilities and other liabilities
 respectively. Such valuation does not entail a significant amount of judgment and the inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement are Level 2 as defined by the fair value hierarchy as they are observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.







			

			
			









			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			











 2018 and April 29
 2017 consisted of the following:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of federal benefit

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2018
 the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $1.7 million and $191 thousand was recognized as a tax expense in Fiscal 2018. If we were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be to reduce our tax expense by approximately $1.4 million. A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 which amounts are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
 is as follows:




			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 2018
 unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest of $238 thousand.








 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Tax Act&rdquo;) was enacted into law. The Tax Act makes changes to the U.S. tax code
 including reducing the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018. The phasing in of the lower corporate income tax rate results in a blended federal statutory rate of 30.4% for our fiscal 2018
 compared with the previous 35% rate. The federal statutory tax rate will be reduced to 21% in subsequent fiscal years. Included in the effective tax rate for Fiscal 2018 is a one-time adjustment reducing income tax expense to remeasure previous deferred tax liabilities of $4.3 million.


 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most probable outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. The resolution of any particular uncertain tax position could require the use of cash and an adjustment to our provision for income taxes in the period of resolution. Federal income tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to 2015 are subject to examination. Generally
 the income tax returns for the various state jurisdictions are subject to examination for fiscal years ending after fiscal 2011.







			

			
			







800
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents
 other stock-based awards in amounts up to 4
800
000 shares of common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to provide an incentive to officers and certain other key employees and consultants by making available to them an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or options which may be issued under stock-based awards to an individual is limited to 1
680
000 during any year. Awards may be granted for no cash consideration or such minimal cash consideration as may be required by law. Options generally have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant
 vest over a five-year period and expire after ten years.


800
000 shares of common stock. Options may be granted for such consideration as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule and exercise price of these options are tied to the recipient&rsquo;s ownership level of common stock and the terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price upon each vesting period. Also
 the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to 50
000 shares of common stock to be issued at the direction of the Chairman.


000 shares of common stock to key employees
 consultants
 directors and officers. Participants who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares purchased
 up to a maximum of 6
000 shares in any two-year period. Options under the KEEP Program are forfeited in the event of the sale of shares used to acquire such options. Options are granted at an initial exercise price of 60% of the purchase price paid for the shares acquired and the exercise price reduces to the stock par value at the end of the six-year vesting period.








 no shares in Fiscal 2017 and 3
500 shares in Fiscal 2016. The weighted average Black-Scholes fair value assumptions for stock options granted are as follows: weighted average expected life of 8.0 years for Fiscal 2018 and 8.0 years for Fiscal 2016; weighted average expected volatility of 23.8% for Fiscal 2018 and 29.0% for Fiscal 2016; weighted average risk free interest rates of 2.4% for Fiscal 2018 and 2.1% for Fiscal 2016; and expected dividend yield of 1.6% for Fiscal 2018 and 3.3% for Fiscal 2016.&nbsp; The expected life of stock options was estimated based on historical experience.&nbsp; The expected volatility was estimated based on historical stock prices for a period consistent with the expected life of stock options. &nbsp;The risk free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate whose term is consistent with the expected life of stock options. There were no forfeitures estimated for Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2016.






			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			




 beginning of year

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 end of year

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 end of year

			
			


			
			
			
			
			







 $208 thousand for Fiscal 2017 and $228 thousand for Fiscal 2016. The total fair value of shares vested was $140 thousand for Fiscal 2018
 $362 thousand for Fiscal 2017 and $652 thousand for Fiscal 2016. The total intrinsic value for stock options exercised was $3.0 million for Fiscal 2018
 $1.5 million for Fiscal 2017 and $5.2 million for Fiscal 2016. Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $560 thousand for Fiscal 2018
 $365 thousand for Fiscal 2017 and $848 thousand for Fiscal 2016. Stock based income tax benefits aggregated $886 thousand for Fiscal 2018
 $495 thousand for Fiscal 2017 and $1.5 million for Fiscal 2016. The weighted average fair value for stock options granted was $44.50 for Fiscal 2018.


 2018
 unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of our stock options was $268 thousand
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.3 years. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options outstanding as of April 28
 2018 was 4.4 years and $27.3 million
 respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable as of April 28
 2018 was 3.5 years and $17 million
 respectively.








536
000 shares of common stock by employees who (i) have been employed for at least two years
 (ii) are not part-time employees and (iii) are not owners of five percent or more of our common stock. As of April 28
 2018
 no shares have been issued under the plan.







			

			
			





 $3.1 million for Fiscal 2017 and $2.9 million for Fiscal 2016.


 the Company could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan. During Fiscal 2017
 a subsidiary of the Company reached a settlement with respect to a notification of withdrawal liability by one of the multi-employer pension plans not considered significant. The settlement did not have a material effect on its financial position or results of operations.


 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			




 Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan (EIN no. 36-6044243) (the &ldquo;CSSS Fund&rdquo;)

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			

			




 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company was not listed in the Form 5500 Annual Returns as providing more than 5% of the total contributions for the above plans. The collective bargaining agreements for employees in the CSSS Fund and the WCT Fund expire on October 18
 2021 and May 14
 2021
 respectively.












			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			











			

			
			





 machinery and equipment under various non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various dates through 2029. Certain of these leases contain scheduled rent increases and/or renewal options. Contractual rent increases are taken into account when calculating the minimum lease payment and recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense under operating lease agreements totaled $13.3 million for Fiscal 2018
 $12.0 million for Fiscal 2017 and $9.2 million for Fiscal 2016.


 2018 were as follows: &nbsp;&nbsp;




			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			





 the terms of which may include variable or fixed pricing and minimum purchase quantities. As of April 28
 2018
 we had purchase commitments for raw materials of $11.2 million through 2022.


 2018
 we had purchase commitments for plant and equipment of $4.7 million for Fiscal 2019.


 we are a party to various litigation matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not expect the ultimate disposition of such matters to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.













			

			
			








			
			


 except per share amounts)

			


			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



















 2018 and April 29
 2017
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&#39; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively
 the financial statements). We also have audited the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of April 28
 2018
 based on criteria established in 


 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of April 28
 2018 and April 29
 2017
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended April 28
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 28
 2018
 based on criteria established in 



 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&#39;s financial statements and an opinion on the company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.









 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the company&#39;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.






 Florida

 2018










			

			
			










			

			
			






 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&rsquo;s management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)). Based upon that evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.



 as such term is defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on that evaluation
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 28
 2018.


 including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly
 even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further
 because of changes in conditions
 the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.


 an independent registered public accounting firm
 has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
 as part of their audit
 has issued their report
 included herein
 on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.



 2018 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.













ITEM 10.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


 &ldquo;Information as to Nominees and Other Directors&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Information Regarding Meetings and Committees of the Board&rdquo; and &ldquo;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&rdquo; in the Company&rsquo;s 2018 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.


 2018:



			
			
			


			
			
			



			


			


			
			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			
			







		

			



 Chief Executive Officer and Director since the Company&rsquo;s inception in 1985. Also
 he serves as Chairman of the Nominating Committee. Since 1992
 Mr.&nbsp;Caporella&rsquo;s services have been provided to the Company by Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc.
 a company he owns.




		

			



 prior to that
 as Executive Vice President and Secretary since January 1991. Also
 he has served as a Director since January 1987. Joseph&nbsp;G. Caporella is the son of Nick A. Caporella.




		

			



 he served as Senior Vice President &ndash; Finance from October 2000 to July 2012 and Vice President and Treasurer from October 1996 to October 2000. Since 1992
 Mr. Bracken&rsquo;s services have been provided to the Company by Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc.




		

			



 2014. Previously
 he served as Vice-President &ndash; Controller since September 2012 and
 prior to that date
 as Controller since August 2007.






















ITEM 13.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTION
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE











ITEM 15.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



			
			
			


			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			



			

			


			


			













		

			
			

			
			

		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			


 Inc.


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated June 30
 2008
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated January 16
 2013
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein

		
			
			
			

		

			

			

Credit Agreement
 dated June 18
 2015
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated July 7
 2015
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated June 29
 2017
 between NewBevCo
 Inc. and lender therein

		
			
			
			

		

			

			

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 4
 2017 between NewBevCo. and lender therein 











		

			
			

			

			
			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

Credit Facility Renewal Agreement
 dated April 26
 2018 between NewBevCo and lender therein 


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		

			

			


 2018 is formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&rsquo; Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.








			

			
			






			

			

 1991 and is incorporated herein by reference.




		

			



 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 1991 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 1996 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 1995 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 1997 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2011 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2009 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2013 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2015 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			

 2017 and is incorporated herein by reference.






			

			
			













 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


			


		

			


			

			

			


		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


			


		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			


			





 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on June 27
 2018.




			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			


 Jr.

			



			

			


 Jr.

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			



			

			

			

			
















	
	








is executed as of April 26
 2018

 INC.
&rdquo;)
 and the remaining entities signing below (collectively
FIFTH THIRD BANK
 



WHEREAS
&rdquo;) from the Bank in the original principal amount of Twenty Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($25
000
000.00) pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement between the Borrower and the Bank dated as of June 18
 2015 (the &ldquo;

WHEREAS

 2015 (the &ldquo;

WHEREAS
 
 the Borrower and the Guarantors agree to reaffirm all of their respective obligations to the Bank pursuant to the Credit Agreement
 the Guaranty and all other documents they executed in connection with the Loan and the renewal (collectively
 the &ldquo;

NOW
 THEREFORE

 the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged
 the Borrower and the Guarantors agree as follows:


 2021.


 all terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Documents shall continue to apply to the Loan
 as renewed
 and shall be for the benefit of the Bank. More specifically and without limiting the effect of the foregoing
 the Borrower and the Guarantors acknowledge and agree that their respective representations
 warranties
 covenants and obligations contained within the Loan Documents shall remain representations
 warranties
 covenants and obligations of them and shall be deemed to be made as of the date of this Agreement
 in addition to the dates on which they were previously made to the Bank.


 assigns
 officers
 managers
 directors
 shareholders
 employees and agents (collectively
&rdquo;) and do hereby jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless the Bank Parties from any and all claims
 counterclaims
 demands
 damages
 debts
 agreements
 covenants
 suits
 contracts
 obligations
 liabilities
 accounts
 offsets
 rights
 actions and causes of action of any nature whatsoever
 including
 without limitation
 all claims
 demands
 and causes of action for contribution and indemnity
 whether arising at law or in equity (including
 without limitation
 claims of fraud
 duress
 mistake
 tortious interference or usury)
 whether presently possessed or possessed in the future
 whether known or unknown
 whether liability be direct or indirect
 liquidated or unliquidated
 whether presently accrued or to accrue hereafter
 whether or not heretofore asserted
 for or because of or as a result of any act
 omission
 communication
 transaction
 occurrence
 representation
 promise
 damage
 breach of contract
 fraud
 violation of any statute or law
 commission of any tort
 or any other matter whatsoever or thing done
 omitted or suffered to be done by the Bank Parties which have occurred in whole or in part
 or were initiated at any time up to and through the execution of this Reaffirmation of Obligations. In addition
 the Borrower and the Guarantors hereby acknowledge
 confirm and warrant to the Bank that
 as of the date hereof
 none of the Borrower or any of the Guarantors has any defense
 right of set-off
 claim or counterclaim against the Bank under
 arising out of
 or in any manner connected with the Loan
 the Loan Documents
 any collateral pledged to the Bank in connection with the Loan
 or against any of the indebtedness evidenced or secured thereby or under any other documents executed in connection therewith or relating thereto
 any and all of which the Borrower and the Guarantors hereby expressly waive.








 Weinberg &amp; Black
 P.L.
 the Bank&rsquo;s counsel
 in connection with the renewal of the Loan. The Borrower and the Guarantors acknowledge that the legal services performed by Frank
 Weinberg &amp; Black
 P.L. in connection with the renewal of the Loan are being performed on behalf of the Bank and not the Borrower or any of the Guarantors. Such services are being paid for by the Borrower as part of the loan renewal costs as reflected on the Closing Statement.


 VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON
 OR ARISING OUT OF
 UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE REAFFIRMATION OF OBLIGATIONS
 THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT OR DOCUMENT EXECUTED IN CONJUNCTION HEREWITH
 OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT
 COURSE OF DEALING
 STATEMENTS (VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY. THE BORROWER AND THE GUARANTORS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE BANK TO GRANT PERMISSION FOR THE RENEWAL.




 Inc.


 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Michigan corporation

 a Texas corporation

 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation

 a Delaware corporation

 a Delaware corporation

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation




 Vice President














	
	







		

			


			
			


			
			
			


		
			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			



			


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			



			


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			



			


			


			



			
			
			




 Inc.


			


			



			
			
			



			


			


			
















	
	









 2018 related to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of National Beverage Corp. which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of National Beverage Corp. for the year ended April 28
 2018.




 Florida

 2018













	
	





 Nick A. Caporella
 certify that:


		

			


			





		

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





		

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		

			


			






			

			

			

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





			

			

			

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;





			

			

			

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





			

			

			

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting; and





		

			



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#39;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#39;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.





 2018

















	
	





 George R. Bracken
 certify that:


		

			


			





		

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;





		

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





		

			


			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting; and







			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#39;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#39;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#39;s internal control over financial reporting.





 2018

















	
	











 2018 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Nick A. Caporella
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:




			

			
			







			

			

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





 2018


















	
	










 2018 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 George R. Bracken
 Executive Vice President - Finance of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:




			

			
			







			

			

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.





 2018































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29











  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$49.7&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as a result

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 machinery and equipment under various non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring at various dates through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2029.&lt;/div&gt; Certain of these leases contain scheduled rent increases and/or renewal options. Contractual rent increases are taken into account when calculating the minimum lease payment and recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Rent expense under operating lease agreements totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.3&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018









 the terms of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include variable or fixed pricing and minimum purchase quantities. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018

 2018


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;a subsidiary of the Company maintained unsecured revolving credit facilities with banks aggregating &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$100&lt;/div&gt; million (the &amp;#x201c;Credit Facilities&amp;#x201d;). The Credit Facilities expire from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October 3
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 18
 2021 &lt;/div&gt;and any borrowings would currently bear interest at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;.9%&lt;/div&gt; above &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-month LIBOR. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facilities at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017. &lt;/div&gt;At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018

 including debt to net worth and debt to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain other restrictions
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which are expected to have a material effect on our operations or financial position. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we enter into aluminum swap contracts to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of aluminum cans. Such financial instruments are designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly
 gains or losses attributable to the effective portion of the cash flow hedge are reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (&amp;#x201c;AOCI&amp;#x201d;) and reclassified into cost of sales in the period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our cash flow hedge was immaterial. The following summarizes the gains (losses) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and AOCI relative to the cash flow hedge for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018


















 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the notional amount of our outstanding aluminum swap contracts was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$37.5&lt;/div&gt; million and
 assuming &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; change in the commodity prices

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the fair value of the derivative asset was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 which was included in prepaid and other assets. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the fair value of the derivative asset
 derivative liability and derivative long-term liability was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$602&lt;/div&gt; thousand
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$848&lt;/div&gt; thousand and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$476&lt;/div&gt; thousand
 which was included in prepaid and other assets
 accrued liabilities and other liabilities

  
  
  

800
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock
 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents
 other stock-based awards in amounts up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4
800
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock and (iii) performance awards consisting of any combination of the above. The Omnibus Plan is designed to provide an incentive to officers and certain other key employees and consultants by making available to them an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest or to increase such interest in National Beverage. The number of shares or options which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be issued under stock-based awards to an individual is limited to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
680
000&lt;/div&gt; during any year. Awards &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be granted for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; cash consideration or such minimal cash consideration as &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be required by law. Options generally have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant

800
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock. Options &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be granted for such consideration as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule and exercise price of these options are tied to the recipient&amp;#x2019;s ownership level of common stock and the terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price upon each vesting period. Also
 the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of options to purchase up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50

000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock to key employees
 consultants
 directors and officers. Participants who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive grants of stock options equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; of the number of shares purchased
 up to a maximum of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; shares in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3









&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$208&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$228&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The total fair value of shares vested was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$140&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$362&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$652&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The total intrinsic value for stock options exercised was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.0&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.2&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$560&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$365&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$848&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Stock based income tax benefits aggregated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$886&lt;/div&gt; thousand for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of our stock options was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$268&lt;/div&gt; thousand
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.3&lt;/div&gt; years. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.4&lt;/div&gt; years and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$27.3&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate intrinsic value for options exercisable as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.5&lt;/div&gt; years and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$17&lt;/div&gt; million

536
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock by employees who (i) have been employed for at least &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; years
 (ii) are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; part-time employees and (iii) are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; owners of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; percent or more of our common stock. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018

  
  

  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;323
000&lt;/div&gt; shares in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; shares in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;219

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 excluding goodwill and intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Estimated fair value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit

  
  
  









 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29














 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.7&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$191&lt;/div&gt; thousand was recognized as a tax expense in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; If we were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be to reduce our tax expense by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million. A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 which amounts are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets







 2018

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#x201c;Tax Act&amp;#x201d;) was enacted into law. The Tax Act makes changes to the U.S. tax code
 including reducing the U.S. federal tax rate from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;The phasing in of the lower corporate income tax rate results in a blended federal statutory rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30.4%&lt;/div&gt; for our fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most probable outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. The resolution of any particular uncertain tax position could require the use of cash and an adjustment to our provision for income taxes in the period of resolution. Federal income tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; are subject to examination. Generally

  
  
  
  
  

 more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out cost or market. Inventories at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;were comprised of finished goods of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$37.6&lt;/div&gt; million and raw materials of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$23.3&lt;/div&gt; million. Inventories at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 medical and workers&amp;#x2019; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; reported claims &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;other liabilities included accruals of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 for estimated non-current risk retention exposures

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The updated guidance simplifies and changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 as well as classification of certain items in the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and elected to apply the cash flow guidance retrospectively; therefore
 cash flow from operating activities increased and cash flow from financing activities decreased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;495&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; thousand and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; million for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The Company also elected to continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest using the forfeiture option. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; reduced the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax expense by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$886&lt;/div&gt; thousand for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; requires companies to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent on the balance sheet. We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;electing to apply it retrospectively to all periods presented. As a result
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million of deferred taxes was reclassified from current to non-current on the consolidated balance sheet as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This update permits the impact of lower corporate income tax rates related to items classified in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified directly to retained earnings. We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; effective for our &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 27

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; requires an entity to recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for goods or services. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August 12
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14&lt;/div&gt; which deferred the effective date of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year and is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;Management has completed its evaluation and adoption is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expected to have a material impact on our financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedge Activities&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This amendment simplifies the application of hedge accounting and enables companies to better portray the economics of risk management activities in their financial statements. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


 the Company could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan. During Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; listed in the Form &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5500&lt;/div&gt; Annual Returns as providing more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5%&lt;/div&gt; of the total contributions for the above plans. The collective bargaining agreements for employees in the CSSS Fund and the WCT Fund expire on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October 18
 2021 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May 14
 2021







  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 plant and equipment as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29















  
  
  
  

 Plant and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman', Times, serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while maintenance and repairs that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; extend the useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



























 which includes an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#x2019;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on our experience with past due accounts

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017

  
  
  
  
  

 based on written sales terms that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
 however smaller accounts are sold on a cash basis. Our credit terms typically require payment within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; days of delivery and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts

 the aggregate incentive is recorded as a prepaid and amortized over the period of benefit. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;vary from accrued amounts. Such differences are recorded once determined and have historically &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been significant. We will adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;
 and its amendments on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;using the modified retrospective approach

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  















































































































 the accompanying consolidated financial statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Such costs aggregated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$63.3&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50.0&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$44.6&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies


 as a result

 but includes the dilutive effect of stock options amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;323
000&lt;/div&gt; shares in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;206
000&lt;/div&gt; shares in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;219


 excluding goodwill and intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization
 are evaluated for impairment on the basis of undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be recoverable. An impaired asset is written down to its estimated fair market value based on the best information available. Estimated fair value is generally measured by discounting future cash flows. Goodwill and intangible assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; subject to amortization are evaluated for impairment annually or sooner if we believe such assets &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit

 more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not

 medical and workers&amp;#x2019; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 we accrue for known claims and estimated incurred but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; reported claims &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; otherwise covered by insurance based on actuarial assumptions and historical claims experience. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;other liabilities included accruals of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.5&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively
 for estimated non-current risk retention exposures

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out cost or market. Inventories at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;were comprised of finished goods of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$37.6&lt;/div&gt; million and raw materials of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$23.3&lt;/div&gt; million. Inventories at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 totaled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$49.7&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 &lt;/div&gt;the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). The updated guidance simplifies and changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 as well as classification of certain items in the statement of cash flows. The Company adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and elected to apply the cash flow guidance retrospectively; therefore
 cash flow from operating activities increased and cash flow from financing activities decreased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$495&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; thousand and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; million for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;respectively. The Company also elected to continue to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest using the forfeiture option. The adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; reduced the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax expense by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$886&lt;/div&gt; thousand for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; requires companies to classify all deferred tax liabilities and assets as noncurrent on the balance sheet. We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17&lt;/div&gt; effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 30
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;electing to apply it retrospectively to all periods presented. As a result
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million of deferred taxes was reclassified from current to non-current on the consolidated balance sheet as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This update permits the impact of lower corporate income tax rates related to items classified in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified directly to retained earnings. We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; effective for our &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;third&lt;/div&gt; quarter ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 27

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; requires an entity to recognize revenue in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for goods or services. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August 12
 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14&lt;/div&gt; which deferred the effective date of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09&lt;/div&gt; by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year and is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;Management has completed its evaluation and adoption is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; expected to have a material impact on our financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedge Activities&amp;#x201d; (&amp;#x201c;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;). This amendment simplifies the application of hedge accounting and enables companies to better portray the economics of risk management activities in their financial statements. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; is effective for our fiscal year beginning &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28

 Plant and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family:'Times New Roman', Times, serif;font-size:10pt;margin:0pt;text-align:justify;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 while maintenance and repairs that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; extend the useful life of an asset are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; years for buildings and improvements and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt; years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed

 based on written sales terms that do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
 however smaller accounts are sold on a cash basis. Our credit terms typically require payment within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; days of delivery and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts

 the aggregate incentive is recorded as a prepaid and amortized over the period of benefit. The recognition of these incentives involves the use of judgment related to performance and sales volume estimates that are made based on historical experience and other factors. Sales incentives are accounted for as a reduction of sales and actual amounts ultimately realized &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;vary from accrued amounts. Such differences are recorded once determined and have historically &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been significant. We will adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;
 and its amendments on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;using the modified retrospective approach

 the accompanying consolidated financial statements present financial information in a format that is consistent with the internal financial information used by management. We do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore

 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Such costs aggregated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$63.3&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$50.0&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$44.6&lt;/div&gt; million in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies

 which includes an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&amp;#x2019;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on our experience with past due accounts

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2017


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  


  


  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January 27

 2013
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Special Series D Preferred Stock
 par value &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1&lt;/div&gt; per share (&amp;#x201c;Series D Preferred&amp;#x201d;) for an aggregate purchase price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20&lt;/div&gt; million. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company redeemed the final remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;120
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series D Preferred for an aggregate price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6&lt;/div&gt; million plus accrued dividends. In addition
 the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;150
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series C Preferred Stock
 par value &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1&lt;/div&gt; per share

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;502
060&lt;/div&gt; shares were purchased under the program and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
097

 Inc. (&amp;#x201c;CMA&amp;#x201d;)
 a corporation owned by our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. This agreement was originated in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1991&lt;/div&gt; for the efficient use of management of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; public companies at the time. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1994
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; of those public entities
 through a merger
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer was managed in this manner. Under the terms of the agreement
 CMA provides
 subject to the direction and supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company
 (i) senior corporate functions (including supervision of the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial
 legal
 executive recruitment
 internal audit and information systems departments) as well as the services of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii) services in connection with acquisitions
 dispositions and financings by the Company
 including identifying and profiling acquisition candidates
 negotiating and structuring potential transactions and arranging financing for any such transaction. CMA
 through its personnel
 also provides
 to the extent possible
 the stimulus and creativity to develop an innovative and dynamic persona for the Company
 its products and corporate image. In order to fulfill its obligations under the management agreement
 CMA employs numerous individuals
 whom
 acting as a unit
 provide management
 administrative and creative functions for the Company. The management agreement provides that the Company will pay CMA an annual base fee equal to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; percent of the consolidated net sales of the Company
 and further provides that the Compensation and Stock Option Committee and the Board of Directors &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;from time to time award additional incentive compensation to CMA or its personnel. The Board of Directors on numerous occasions contemplated incentive compensation and
 while shareholder value has increased over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.8&lt;/div&gt; billion (or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11
000%&lt;/div&gt;) since the inception of this agreement
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; incentive compensation has been paid. We incurred management fees to CMA of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$9.8&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$8.3&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7.0&lt;/div&gt; million for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; Included in accounts payable were amounts due CMA of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 28
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  













    


    


    


    




        


        





      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    


    


    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions







    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    


    
    






    


    


    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    


    


    


    


    


    






    







 Stock Options



    




    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding







    

 Options
 Exercisable



    

 Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    
    






    
    

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    








    


    




    
    


    


    






    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Purchase Price of Common Stock



    
    


    




    




    




    




    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    


    
    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    








    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions
 Forfeiture Rate

    


    

 Options
 Grants


 up to a maximum of 6



    

 Noncurrent


 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle



    

 Fair Value Assumptions
 Forfeiture Rate

    


    


    



 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle



    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    




    
    




    

 Rent Expense



    
    
    


    




    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    




    
    


    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    

 Shares



    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    






    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Shares



    
    


    

 Value



    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    










    


    
    


    
    






    






    




    


    
    






    











 $.01 par value - 75
000
000 shares authorized; 50
650
784 shares (2018) and 50
616



    










    
    






    




    


    


    


    



 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized
 Series C - 150




 Intangible Assets






 Shares Issued



    


    














    
    






    
    


    








    

 Finished Goods
 Gross



    

 Eligibility Requirement

    


    
    


    

 Raw Materials
 Gross



    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment



    
    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    






    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    






    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    






    


    


    
    


    

 Continuing Operations



    


    
    


    






    


    




    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    






    




    






    


    






    


    
    


    


    






    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    










    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Shares in ESOP



    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 chart01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@
0.N P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^D:*** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

M4T-C^U7XQBUMDCOKRTB.GM+QOCVQ_*A/L!P/[I]#6C\?O$
UMX+L[+2M4^RQ


L? 
TT$6LI
-


6IZOH%UX?NGD=&L;HDNH5L!N54X/7I^?6O

3D'G'3%8OA3P_JW




MH?AW1?B9XF^(5_\ $.\G
^D7\D%H&NWC73H4+@2*H('&WN1[FN
\1Q/XC_

M:2=&OY-WG6)N%G\HAB!\Z\-D 'CUKAK7XVV&H7DT.E^#O&&H107+6KW5II:R
MPAU;!^82?CZXKO-#T33_  YHMMI&C6_V:QM5V0Q;V?:
D]6))Y)ZFO!_$-OX


M;QM7A@
?&-GX[\-1ZYIEE?6EI+(R1]C5&DG!8!68;<Y'7J#705X7\</M
M'A[2? _A'0;65M'N;C[--9Q7@M?M*QB-4A:8\*&W-DGN
U5\$V6K^!]2\6MJ




M4MU#:Q:9'YLEFVV908E&8SV?G@]CB@#WVLFS\4:/?^)]0\/6EYYFJZ:B27=O


_WOF^=LX.1SC'





MDEDB


MDBO!JJ-&6WA-P.X8+?(#ZX !SH_!SP-X7M?BIXRFBL%2XT#5!#IF;B3







MXD/'S
6));@8).1@8Z55\



MOO$%E!'=1W&@
XN(Y8U!E5=P+Q_-\RY1AS@@]0







C7^W97FU)9':1;EFSNR&) !W-P


M&.. 
UO53U?4H=%T2^U2Z61X+&WDN)%C +%44L0 2!G ]10!R.G?!;X?:3?6
MUYI_AR*&YM;I+N&7[1


C/OS4U &-HWA+1/



\
M55LO /AC3UUI+72(A%KLGF:C#([R1SMDG.QB57[Q^Z!V]!3(_&+77B*_TG3_

*V-=U^TT#2H

)VWR

;L-QW8$UO5F^(]
M7_X1_P *ZKK/D?:/[.LIKOR=^SS/+0OMW8.


:/H6HZG?Z59_9[G5IO/O9/
=O-?GG#
M$@=3P


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %



MOXM4PW*)(LZ6K748D
;CYDC



MO\

M6$EG8VDMS%-@N)!%@-#&6W'D+W;HV3['10!Y9J&CR^'X_%=EHWATMI%Q=V

.ES1V2^+--N;6*VTB




N


Z#Q6::'/I<-J=BAA%#
2VUC\Q(

M8:* /*M(T7Q'JLGAFV@2+3(=!\/6ZN=4TV29);B:((ZA1)&=R(A4\G'FD$4V

(N(9HS%ND&Z)P
_



$-&K*9% 8JWW
[20*]8HH



-D*



)W



[?6_$UZ?$&AM=VR^%[*&$74!:
3 S[MH(V^:H(YQN4


Q=0#Y4K#RP)&VXVM\PYKUZB@#PT:




M(VT+N8CJ=JJ


;-$
T=O'YD 'V=_F1E C9



ML\NKIJ*W&D7'D
TJ


@LW

#0YB%

M;WU!GV21

%A&]_IKW\UUK#7FG2:E]IF=/EEEMX

84;5.T[0%XR;SP]J
?AC1HXW.H:&NIW


M266+S
 *QVD








M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MX\//KEEXJFM MO#:V#3VNJA


4DB/YIG V+L
M ;Y68-E

1L??E0 K$

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



@4XX)R
@'4UYMXV_Y+M\
M


EA
I#1OA44JV\ D9:O6Z*




9-S$ID
B@8;D\9]*HH *\




8





^(FH8[)

L2@!VC/)(2?XA0/XSD\/Z=)
MHOF03I;RC4-8%M/([ $B&$1NTF 0




M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M&7Q!T?P9 %NV-S?R#




T4;1% J8+#+;VSLZ#=QW]%


DDX50 
DD_4U9HHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MFK7AGPQIOA/1TT[28=B#F21OORMW9CW/\JV*J=16Y(;?F3&#OS2WBBBL34*
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BO-_'$]\GB=6UC4]0T31[2*.YTW4+.Q2XMUN1O5S=$HQ10'0C)C

M;EY'6J^G^(=?-CX?\37&KM-;:UJ:VLFE-!$L
$4C

M!Z77FWC;_DNWPP_[BW_I



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117F'CSQ;?ZYK'_#^3OOILK?7:'

MCMV_VCQTR3Z#X8\
Z=X3T2+3=*CVHO
DA'S2OW9CZ_RZ5!X/\)6'@W0DT_3U


M0^$K[7M6*'7K^WT.\MWBU'3XGCQ-]U0JEHV9%9=X;:ZGH1@DFI)?!
%Q=Q?:









MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#F=9\Z=KFO

HH *\V\;?\EV^&'_<6_\ 29:])KS;QM_R7;X8?]Q;_P!)EH ]
M)HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH





M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!B:]XPT








MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


M88S@YV+R1D8XZFK-%% !1110 5YMXV_Y+M\


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

\GHI(TM


MEEXJFM MO#:V#3VNJA
%%D)1D4*S;2^Z-E#G+8VFL_6-%\;?\)%8ZK=:/IE]


]ZTJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


VOZCA/W9YMT/?/9B/R'/I6[X%\&6O@O0

\G)A4\[![^O

H1;?/(****P-@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M;9B--L&Y5\'J1W&1R?XB

TM-4DCC%O<3+N^5<.7&2C 
R!3C

C6X/DQNI8[E;SF+1J8]C)M^;D[1F

MMXV_Y+M\
/\ N+?^DRUZ37DGQ7\/:7XJ^+'PXT;7K;[5I]S_ &IYL/F
F[;

7/S
23\S$\
MGO6E0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%5M1U&T




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444


M36=0^QQ6T4



_P -+'5;.WOK27^U?
M[F)9(WQ;H1E6!!P0#


DDX50 
DD_4U9H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HI'=8T9W8*JC+


M(1M=2O\ ;]8F!

/^XM_Z3+0!Z311
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9NN^(-
\-Z6]_K-TEO O SRSG^Z

MDIGEZV^E@XCB'8


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



MD* !84+PLZ1\9*JPR23U.: 


ZL]



M[548RF[11



S]ZIY+\3FO!GPZTCP

M6_\ 29:])KS;QM_R7;X8?]Q;_P!)EH ])HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M#%&-SR2

M/\/=.DUK4#P;C:?)C]^V1[G^YIFD?N[U?4$UCXD:D^JWG5;-&Q#'['&./9

.^TCI]%



MQ?H6/;4H3_[-4+_$[P








MZUW7A?4M5U70X[K7=+.E7;.P-N7W?*.A]L^AK8HJI3BU:



M.2RELN











WA2ZU:VT^Q-]=27$JQ(\=L=H)

MV9SU)N(AG_R'G]:]FKS74'^+=]J5Q'81:3IEJ)&$


.FQL/X3J\S'_OGS:W;;X)_
M#26!)[;PY;RQ2J'1Q=3
&4C((._I5RS^$'@JSP?[(\]A_%//(WZ9Q^E=G##'
M;01P6\:QQ1J$1$& J@8  [#%.?)]BXH\_P!H\/\ $VC?#/PSKDFC0_#RXU&[
MC56)B#[#N&1ABQ)Z^E+X6\%^&?$NN^^$SZ38F-C]JFGF4 CIP=N
F^';6&\:)A!(\TVU7Q\I.'Z9Q7GUM^S)


M$\D6[T&T
0
4^7]G#X?R8V6]_%_N79_J#7JU%2W=W+V/'Y?V9? TF=EQK$7^

_AR'_ (\?$.OV_I^_C./R05[/12 \9_X9\EA_X\?B!X@M_3]X





NL8LGO8Q
6;
M&U=A.[)R
#'.14T/B'1;C69=(M]7L)=3A!
EDERC3(!CDH#N'4=N] &C7FWC

M 'I-%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112.ZQKN=@J^I.* %HHK
BJ5A


![@M)


(W!['CBMGP;KGBK69[D^)?#R:3;*
MH

R%4BW9'64$XZUE^(].U#5=!N+/1]2;2[N3&RZ



#_@(2NY\+Z#)











M34==\



M_DCW7-M')'$^X_*KE2PQG!SL7DC(QQU-6: /

MGV?^TM_D?ZA-V[9\WW=V




:Q_:6J:+XB

VH-+_Z$II1HI+W_ ,U_F6Y3?P+\'_D?0VBZ
MYIWB'3$U#1KE;JU<E1(%*\CJ,$ C\:Q?&?C;_A$?LBKHU]J<EUNVBV3Y5QC@
MGGGGIBO-K7XX-I]HEKIOAUM((_NQ17051] $%*WQ\U4_<\/VJ\_Q7#'^E9\


MC-6_^$6^)4__ !\^





M 


YXS7





MHO\ 
3_\ 7.WQ_PA






C_R'_6C

M$9_-C4D7P2\-*VZXNM2N&/4O
HS^2UZ+11[./8/K=?\ F.*@^$7@V'[^FR3'

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *

M!H*7R/J91G

M(XMI6ABE?&R-Y@OEHYRN%9@?F7CD9+;QMH%YK(TNWO7:X:5X(W-M*L
LJ9WQ
MI






Q'_?1-59/$WQ0U3[ESJS ]K:QV_\ HC]WUFOQ_R



W_7.W5/ZFFJM)?\NW
M]XGA^]9?)
G'C#XH:A&)--\'V=O$X!#W
O8]^76N*UWXG?$2PU.:PGGAMIXB
M XMK5' R

1V+%WAC<Y/?F1L5[+1624EM)FCK0_P?<?Q_S/
+;2_BA%$8
MK)]#TV






M '[=6_GFKL7AS0X

M:RV_:7\.SL4TCP_KM\_0 0H



B]\4:3&PZH+Q&;_OD$

K_INQ^E=+

M_P#WT03^M=#10  8&!P**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@#S;QK=1Z;XDN;CP\^N67BJ:TV\-K8-/:ZJ$P460E&10K-M+[HV



M66FMIULY&MS%)(C^:9P-B[ &^5F#93 !R
FE6E]/H_A?PNVEZA#?Z1JRW%Y/







M





MPCD=$[U6/Q T\:D(38:A_9YO_PS1J^R/[+]HSMV??\ ,QYG[O=LV[N,]Z .
MJKS;QM_R7;X8?]Q;_P!)EKTFO-O&W_)=OAA_W%O_ $F6@#TFBBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **\]'B#5+[XG&Q


LQ &20/J: /4J*YO\
MX6/X(_Z'+P__ .#2#_XJC_A8_@C_ *'+P_\ ^#2#_P*H Z2BN;_ .%C^/^

MC_A8_@C_ *'+P_\ ^#2#_P*H Z2BN;_ .%C^/^AR\/_P#@T@_^*H_X6/X(

M_P#X-(/_ (J@#I**YO\ X6/X(_Z'+P__ .#2#_XJC_A8_@C_ *'+P_\ ^#2#

MX6/X(_Z'+P__ .#2#_XJC_A8_@C_ *'+P_\ ^#2#_P*H Z2BN;_ .%C^/^
















MZKHNE:]:K:ZYIEGJ5NCB18KRW69%8 @



31_P *X\$?];X?_\ !7!_
M\34UEXUT&_U)K&\D28)+(C3VTL



/^A-\/_P#@K@_^)H_X

MH3?#_P#X*X/_ (FNDJKJFIVFC:3=:GJ4ODV=GTT\FTML11DG !)X'0@#%_


=&U#6%
MTJ&XD%XXD\L/:S)%

MS_\ A7'@C_H3?#__ (*X/_B:/^%



M;V2[EB



=#UC5!I]C=2FX9'DB$MK+$DZ*0&:)W4+*H)'*%A@@]#0!7_X5QX(_







MZ5'_:
M*:B;9;&

M#DUU-(6ZE%U)


M 




VU!4:S$-O)++<!EWC9$BEV.W+$!<@ DXP: *?_  KCP1_T


/^A-\/
M_P#@K@_^)H_X5QX(_PA-\/_ /@K@_\ B:Z2B@#F_P#A7'@C_H3?#_\ X*X/

M'@C_ *$WP_\ ^N#_P)K1G\1Z5;^);;P_+=J-4NH3/%;!&)
8S\Q(&%^ZV

2W62Y0-*TD\I.(4B12S



OJ
@$/_  KCP1_T

/\ H3?#_P#X*X/_ (FNDHH YO\ X5QX(_Z$WP__











M#Z7J

M8/[(7.H1WTDWG2F9W9R3 @:1G.2N1@$$'H*],HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **




MF?9H(X?



SVUQ8V=_#-;L








M7E6
&
$JI8_

M^9K.W33YWG91;1PAVA52Z;FC8_
HP
$XS6!%;YT?P%=ZC8^(XK'2]-DTZ^2
MSMKZWN(9S# 5)2(+*R9B==R@KDCFO8** .=\1ZG'X.M5UMKEI]\IB^V
3.(

M_BO0O&&E:QKFF:;
HN+V[U'48+^9UCB
8&#;@($C +N.X@Y()+5T6C7]UX
M:^'

%2IX(([&I: /-K*QTV\\&W=SJDNN)?R:HFIW%U::-=1R
MQ7?R[##$\)9T545.48%1\W)-8]OI^I7]Q=V-W+J4T?BK58HUDU*!(;A[&VC!

'.

M=VTT6GZ#!Y-EYL9437



4;#DJ-[$C ^49

M*UL]/GGM=9PNX)=.ORH ^8R-T1VYWLZD*O5^&[E]1UCQ#XJNH9/+C/\ 9UK%
M$#(?+M]WF[0!\Q

ETJXA\FTM[J.9H_
DC5'F?!)4
1PJKG!9NITV[
M%YXXU;Q4MEJ

-S#9

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

N)Y#EY9;.-V8^I)&34/\ PA?A;_H6M'_\


M





M3(HD78XRW!++R..
G
A^!EI8^&?%.AZ;K

!

_$VO_;?/_MZ2


P;:ESY@P V2I*$C/4XS0!;C^+?A





M
'D80.7.?N_*V
&^^
F@VNCC4[/3]5U.U73H]2N6M(HLVL
C%5WAY%^8D-PN


MW@?5?#&IS6$-C=:N-/T6SM[(/I=Y/;ZHZ22/L;[-*J1@



MECK.CKJ+6TJH%=8IO
3 /'4



MIP



PR/0A

M4\F@7ZW:VY EQ&Z%







SW=[&\L=O AVC$:LI=F8X^\
8S

:X4M


B@&%&QYQ$SJ(P?E&TNQW' +8S6?'\7-$NUTL:5I^





N-*G35HD^P:U+JS6


RD%2

M




M. @[XK+B^#UW%X=T'1I-=L+ZST&XFDMK;4-(








$5M5S?@OPC_ 
(A;ZQ%
M]M^V?VGJUQJ6?*\OR_-(^3[QSC'7C/H*Z2@ HHHH YW6?'OAKP_J+6.K:FL%
MRJAFC$



M!*YW#M;+P]HNG7 N-/TBPM)@!)!;(C 'J,@9KF]?\7_B?5]/.M:W;S:5I^

MNEZ FLQSW
+S[#;B%61)54 @#!PW7OFJ=]\!8;RU73UUQ+:QCN[BXBN(+$K
MJB8
'C-SYF&0[L$&/E1CWK=TOX3:?%XDBU?Q%_9NM&'2H-/BMY-+41QF(\2
M(&9]I(P
#\^U

A.T

Q6@2&*Y1LIMAWD[<<'+Y.2=U &6GQ0U]_'A\ +3?[?\ MYA&H?9I/LWD
M#S]_D^9NW8&W;YF,\Y[5V/P^\5W/BS0[V3488HK[3=1GTZZ\@$1O)$V-R@D
MD @@X)./4U@'X3W'_1)XJ37(5\4B^-VU[_9Y^SLAA\GRO)\W=MV=_
SG)]J
MZ;POX-M/#WAN[TNZ:/4CJ


!MVMGIWX] TK1M+T*T-KHFFVFG6[.7



=JD&V.
(&:0
TVW!Y(0
9


M)&F_=S@(!ORP/'RC&* -+PMXSN?$?Q.U&VM;PS:&VBV=_9Q&)5(
N3N)QNR1




;KJ;WP3X5U&\DN]0\
MZ/=W

M2%S_ /&Z/^%^?#7_ *&3_P D+G_XW71_\*\\%?\ 0H:#_PR'_XFC_A7G@K


U)X-^%

MZ=J-II@3?'=7D:*)L9WA55V;Y22 ?NEJYC2/B'JFKZ98Z[=:OX7TRU23

MD
=M5O\ A:VEPVLTVJ:1J^F%=*?5X(KJ*+?=6ZC+;-LC 
 1E'*L
CCKA^F?

@) SP#@D\'

M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ

1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^@;6=KJ]
MNHV9@L)4#!QU%6-L6\KYK9';=5#2Q_Q
-2_WE_\ 0::)S;ZL$=LJXP*RJ5.1
BV<(EN=19$)QG!Z_E4'B5VDMPFW&UN#



&HEP.N
\?




K7/B31+1L3ZCM/IG/\JS$^(WA%KIK<:P3
M*O52K#'Z5R

MI4'M431X/% ^6G]]O\ OJD\M/\ GH__ 'U32I%(:8B3RE'\;_]]57$\BZT

M?M ^62
Y!]:CTT[;[5#Z



XM/5F5 56^G4
K-YAX]*Y76


M3D5VK)\-*#A+5M7]+G1&G%S43T:R+QY] 

MOF2



M_F9T_PO1O\ T)*L9RU0?\S*G_7JW_H2U+&BO8?\?FJ_5?\ T&IHFPPJP_X

U



UW%_:F2Q)$

KQ9K%O;:;)YMP8MKY5_48KQ?3]=




M7DEN;*5FC&&D9



MO_0EIL2*MC_Q^:K_ 
!_]!I5;%)9?\?6K?\  ?\ T&HCN%3U*+\;_+7(ZX67
M7) O_+1 ?Z5TD4H'!(!]


AV'J*XN.U






M=3YF1R*:RC/%&WBNF










M
#PLA^4_1A_6I%\2:MI( U:U\Y.TH[C_ 'AP:[YXUE4K(@93U##(-94^@1@-
M]CD
5)_<DX_6MM267*\_C7$ZEX6CW%



M$7?4NU4S_P 53'_UYO\ ^A)5DFJW_



:F
?X3^5:+38B]R@D#





RR-@LG7'& 


M1&?=^?=[8E)5[HX'^Q&.M9OB5HYFCL[?B.W&



M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ FP#Y P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^@[:4W5W



T5Q;I#;M*DK$.Z_P#UJ'5HFDCA5#
#YH.
MZ+J/K[4%66ER91$\S1++)O09(S1%Y

MX4CKFE9$WL9#N5EX0^G?]*6MQ\I.%B*!Q(Q5AD'=UJ&:XM8&C669E
C;5&[J




M46Y%CCQEY

@5;BAELM
8W4







J)DG/5@#6A7.0Z0NBZ&ELD\LP-U&
MP

5<C[F:I6*=[$TD$/VC[3Y0:95*AL<X]*8K+(
MC-L,;XXWIIYHH5WS.%4=:;
(_++

?QJ@


M-%L7[.9KEK@7D[

MOW


9;7R

5?!XR#W_*E9QN#=G?U






DF

M$5MYVG&2/6EY

PKGQN8+#M4JO+M_7XL\BC2KYE5LOA_K\^WWF&^E7
ER&





TIGOHS


FH9=*MM4LWTN^CW0RG*
/O1/V8
M4X32DFQ23Y''N97A2QN3JT;S 

M2$=81N3:.Y%7D\.:K;R6DK7/F/%$T4DF
%H/WE4LNS6O\ E^1V\-W]IT^4!0$CO(U5


M+C;;W)O4\J%25#9^\/6H+56N
3 _Z



N7

=0



(:<KH\G!J4:*4NGY=/P$N8?.MG3N1Q]:S-.AC^;?DX
MY /:NA6U(4M)P 
XKF([V.5-0$/#P

.P\
MR 

(PH.

MFI




MY-VNOO1+Q5-*ZN_D_P#([:&Y1YO)D8NX]NGM446I-(%(M75&(Y;C W8_IFN/






MNMMH^I&#3X(O*55RY/&3T7CKQ6!JML+RS2VT]RMW=;+2%@








MECJL5ZTWD(X6
XWLN WTJJMN32-CJ6G4NPPBXODBD.(T^9S[]A_7\*UHK;[/
M(7ZC;P:@L(O+M29!EY3N;/;TJ9+C-P54Y4


V







MGVTYLBL2


L





M+^8#(K)AOPH7YN5X%0:EJ82!F+9P*_)JF

^)-147
MACC8K_ST(/6EM;E=1NK/3;




[$WLCC=

D;Y-N?PR?RK.TNRN?#'C!;ZR:VCTU[;&UW^:/
MG+


DD8
?VF
;RW/4 5=2R



Y.&+$?NQZYQR?
M2BSN_$ U^*SUO[/&UP/W43R?

N3LQ]370^#[-=/TO[*)?.\KESW(%*M\214;<I?-HY[_I2I9/Z


RA.-5

BSQ;1\N?F)KGM4O;U=T



MYGF^

MU9^?^1M#7H9Y5M=0M&BN(E\R*&48PP_NFG37


%04;&*[9XJG!VA53.B





MYV82&%5!W =*BI?ET=CV
G6'==QKT^?31*^_R

=L4FC+I*V:&*]





D2D-9HHZNP'ZU)(J!0,N?ZC#HSHCF$^J/
#H]^YQY#8I6T2_2)I)(PB

MI_*NFTB
6NE6T/0I& 0.QQ7M8##482O%:H\O%XBM4A[ST9/K'-G'_P!=XO\
MT

M(1M(8C SBMC2C_Q
M0'^VO\ Z#7


M06*X*Q62@?


M)*_DCS\7C

F+QQJ=B9;+P]:2&XE(!NILO*P'KF

7^XBEY[LRIX64E^]?RZ'DUEX*UNTOTE_M/R_*)97!SS^-
;PE
MR
@%/\ (SVKCJXFI5=YNYOA&QYK8^[S2M0COQ<H\F=K1%!M(


M H)-1&5-JU2-S:

M1[K(

MSE5FY/S



M

MXBA&
+QT/6H8B5[2U.=M=?FMR%$FX 8^:M*/Q:Q4J8EX& 0:MR:#93JQ:$ X
MZBJDOAW


M_P#0A6M7HK8XWN8=O?6FG:E??;;B. R.NT.V
_+4MSK6AW
)BGOH&4_[57;B


M;^S[3_GVB_[X%']GVG_/M%_WP*!D0\0:/_T$(?\ OJE_X2+1_P#G_@_[ZJ3^


end







begin 644 a12.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ =0  P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^@FNLZ@\



]N_P%J^?^@W_ ../_A6A'XZ\+2VJWZR
M@C89!8D9_,5\J:;IS7MZD)D*C.6^E:GB:_'R:=;85(@Y_D*[*5!SHRK2=DM


LJ-PQ^E:&M^
M:LY3F=)ER
AD'3-1#!8ZK3]I246O

:1I



MI_




MD[JQ\C.A4EF


MIX


M;M;I3JB[77H
%!C]*WP[]YG/7B^5
WYO^0I=_P#7HU?'MZLIN+AU8JC2DD#H



M-Q?U)KIM \4Z1K04V:K'


MRVF[;N_WCW^E;4HN4+S.ZI1I4YVAKZFE!XFL$EC^VE(V;A9 V5/TK3N=0M6
M:@JX?H1R*YG5=$MKS0_L
4

:1#
OI6''\.] MXML=C&A_O#K^
M=;]AJ4=UI\4JD?

:Q))SWJZM.-1I-V\S?+Y27-97\C4
MN]833[&)DN
F0X3:

=S=W%RABAA5_W:X'))KK49U9\\G[W^

MGS7U*G!;





MQP*A.Z49?7/44ZC4M]&=&'I.LM8_U\C/U*/0?&S6X;=*\9)1XWP4KH;2!
M(+)+,79?RE[V/)KPV7Q.)=8FU/3H#9PJ0I\K@2XZG';K7L6A6
$UI#/)YDH
MD02 NWJ
UP34U*SU.OW7!-%JXMPD3)QM(SN[UX[\2[7R]6MKF(G9(FQNWS#_

F_PN']:Y5F?S



1A@'


M;VUT72@?+_Y:OC@#NQKVJP$6CW$6BK/O

T










M  ''^-(8M6(_YP'_;N/\:** &_9]7[:Q_Y+#_&CR-8_Z#/_ )+#_&BB@!?(
MUC_H,#_P&'^-'DZQ_P!!@?\ @,/\:** #R-7_P@N/\ P&'^-6;73KZYFB^V

end







begin 644 a11.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ HPJ P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ^B$N&FGE

9)R




TGG$?\MX?SKPOQ3?2I

M.CS_ /IO!_WU7S
\U@3SR2@6? =R<?-7K6



C



@&?Z4V6W66W-QYZXV
M[L 5A_:+F]\

@
M#?)FF7!RQ%6


M67[7$ X
9#1[N =J]/QS6G;;O





MZ/&/B/XTGD\0W&F6


V\Y) !)_&NOV?
ML::43IIU54?+]E+1'1_#G5IM)TWQ%IEVLDL

61@#^16N[U#6#;Z1
M;PRQRN\XC5#CW!Y_SVK@O!VJ07RZM;Z:RHD



M[2*
VPED




M:2&ZCE+QD#*E0FW'T(K0$MNMU=IR=DJDD'J3QC]:P]0U2YN[Z:*.%XKV
0/$


.]&'S
MNZYR#S5FQUW6XM(-I9!C3L+ 9(R*[OQU;V-WI<]X% G4J 2?O9(_P ?TKF_


L1^0;3

ANW.*\Z;51.31[-'1^K2@MX[_,D&GS17$M=S&))

MW$DQ



M#'C;XS^,8H1B.WTJWB7Z8!_K7K6G_P#(-MO^N*?R%$MRH?9#R-%!K3QKN98
M20/4[37&1:U-]AVS:6]SD?
PQUSG%=FQQ#K7_7$_^@FN-LM2E63RD7Y%/S'N

MBV\!PLES/GMDDTZ]2-*//(\^E3=67*C&T?3);W6I;N6(2_9H&1-QXWMT'Y9J
M+7WD6/38#N6=C)+(A;)522!_*K_B+Q=9E3:V-O\ V688E:X#*1N;'4?A7(V$




#TY&2?^

<I W1YY6LB^%Q#
MJ%G(\,@<R%6./45OIX2U2TG9+X9P#G.:8FMWVGS&VUW#N#_&G-=MK+GY6
M[H\3


MDUA9[11B)F4J1]0:Q-;L+C5O!,H4&61)HW+8'RHJO\ XBNF4TG8Y,%:BW)
M6/



M6;Y0N

BQ@G_5J .WU:BW\
'7]6O)WU)6@G1%:0 ;

MX-0TG4%6
RAI@'R ASGGM71S:SX-\ 66RRCCGG1@IV?






$_*RD[



MBHRLCW



MV.U /ZUDKV3C[J[O=G2^7WE4?M)+:*V1R5AX0A\03ZVNKZQY5AI7F)9+G[R!





M\T7$K7@TI/-95#M+$5CW&*^=CX#UHWCI;ZL&:)B K@\8-?10TF'3KQ;FX??
M%(P?7M7F]Z^/$VJ
7
2-(608Z;N1_.I565/;J354)135WYO\CSY_#OBJ&1E
-





MP(\98_F%K4^





A
$F?QQ4&F6][%8DVS









M
HTL0W&HKV.QM/&OWE@]C=7_P!DM,!CYC]2.V*YNZUO2?$\
6BP?VEJ)?:
M\TXPJ'..!S3?M.N7R$WNIR;23\H.*Q)+)4UF$%C(%?)9CG/%7B*\VMS'!Y=A



E:-W-G06_Q<N=2T.Y%W:0I)L.


6BD<%:RJ-(
MP=7E:'P_XDD3.Y+1V&/9#7S7JMREPJ1&++K,69SU8=A^5?3=W:FZL=;M0R(]
MQ8TWD 9*D=Z\8U+X3^)-SFQ^QS
W(+W*#!_.BO!SDE8VPM2-*3E+M8\PU*\

XR.E7%^ WB^YU.XOI[+KE@+E./IS77Q_G7(T



M=



M47B7X6ZEK




end







begin 644 a10.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ D@%O P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3





_ [;:?^
<'I5Y6Y\QV@O=H([0W(]#S733J\[L5]


'D'I66RR[V:WO0
M!N *AL8/;K65/

MHY[C[/()WYS]Y3TK
\S41





M7U9683#=@C.WM79#$QG&Z+6$DTM4=IL;_GO^@HV-_P ]_P!!7':CJ5^%5K.0
M[N

MQ+JEXBH\(\U2
GBG6NKW
C*LL9 QRP]:\IYO1BVI1DK.VW8YI49)VNCIL'O.





M/=R9Y

;'U28,H)CB0@XZ9+5QU,%+YHR:^9UPQM1KEDD_D4



Q
MMM^4GO5&XN65W62T5_1@

:%V@GWX3D9[5F



JJ'/&*2^O&25VN%\R%I%55';K7=AZB


&[FG6:7@9=Y#(1U!)IMP8S!&MRS+D\.IQSS@TVS
M^S[E:.8@[B 



91_*L/XD+_ 

M^JBB*?
TV)E47VI;_GM(MOM(*DCU&0R!)K9ER?O @BIF-59WV*2.M7RVZB-!




QK\A)53U&.:L^'WM=-T?
\EOYCL?EE)!)''

J67B/$K237VHAAZ



M6CI^5S1A

WVT2M

M]?
UA:SM^5S4A=WBD$L:QN3P1VK
G%YYWS(KIORN[GC/3^M:=O%+';.+AE?)



W?')=HKKYO


M[F?S_(]BHK4Y?Y'3R?:'U!&^98MN-IXIRM+E6EME^49Y^\1Z54U.X73Y6O[E

M G;SK'#$8^4G@]S6A=^=+I:*^(9-I!.2 1_^JLZ%=55F42+*I7AL#;CUKU\*

'H/Z=ZU=
M0\][-=N(IMN#DX YZBLV(ZDLS;@CY(Y(P!C^?:O4P]_9_P#!-5;3;^O
VW5!


M
$=.*^
Q'
JU5:_%W37W=#SJMO:?U^8W4R(Y@9+83ITSCG'UJ+3I;1IT'V=X
MI#GYLY_6I-2-V+@&R;GJ48^W3%5K&6^



:\_'<WUA6O;E_ENNN_4J;5M?SL7HCEG
M(\'SIT(SUK*










M(YW#=^/XT6

W*4/R//IT:T4D



ISRC5@W



'_@)KT*]@5KF9GN1'(R -


O\



MY1



]Z]3#O]V;1O96O_7D=&?WEH%FD




%3

M+=


.K
/MUU
J(X(C
.-G!.%171IZ\P;6Y
MRCAN@.#G!P,BO9OAY_R)_AS_ *[3_P I*\-MXXI1'MZX([GWKW/X?

MFSH+BX'X@24Z4;2

DGR_2OG2^\1)=S(N]F.
M) ZNA4G/;]*^@_%6/^$-\8YG:W'V&3

MHRS@MDYS6&

M+*JL@''0G''TJ8%H;=8EM @1


M


D@27YNG !']*Y

M?CQ6RDVH1NH*;ADD ?
#^-);84')Q\O!I(DE$B^7= C!(YQ@?2O'QEGBY=^5
M?:L_\C.IHE_D::F2:R(/[N7/'.

MWJP;OQ?I;R01)=E/+8AP%Z_YQ6]&

M-U837%_%

MC5B._2PL?



5+H.


MOSP&'S'TKIM9

MF=]&LZE)S??L-T6U*22/Y+)( V !]X9'2M%2_G W5HZ*00R\DXX(_M.X\0



''TJ[#=W']@0F)B)R@)Z_C5;4/$EE;6HA^W0)=*





#'ZC



.L4F&QN.[TZ9XK(U@JD<4



$CM5


M




M
#+*(Y

MRT9


MN98EMXE  Q_
5Q?B6P;4+JYMXKD%FD?:K-TY/&/K7;6H@M_ED[!W3R4 7
MZBN%UA[9]9N5A=DD:X;)(X!SZUI@9M4I/\S;#3E#GE'LOZ9@Q^_$+VS8T]V
M0CA]Z\C\ZKVW@7Q.E]'*;!P@;ERZ]/SKUZ+SI?#440#+^[ 
F1V_&N8UGXCZ


K[-04@




M
A@O&$1W8VDI@_H:T4^
5W'*[Q1E W)4 8_E7%Q OX#FY_U=\#CZI6'0L/2J

1U[)\.=-MKO3;!KF 2K);2\'U5\?RI5J<(15C2G.4W9E;5/B!J-O @M

'&
XK4DET6/5&TZ?1%65I=OE@
M-E?KZ_6LSQWHEKEG;PQ^3''O*I^[\Q-81IT4K-6-YTY2=[73
S4VDUJS-T


*W*H6M9FGXS_Y$+QM_V#Y?_11KYH\%


94@H\DNO\ F+#4Y-\RZ#M:LY5U'1853=*L+/LQ
J%LQKL(.<5M1Z6]EXHLXA<222


TD$DEQ9[Y5

&E8MG)[^E;*%.
4K7


M/4UFK
[7#%[5=^ 


]*^?

K0@J24&3DUF#PQ;07C2W
J%Y
E$QF


M7!?&
U2T*?4-LK- 



#_#UQX=\(?V7)/#*
MH9V,JY (/-0W8@BU!=X,K+ ,; 2#Z51A\;-+I;0K9$X7!0MR:;INL2WU\[&S
ME(MH!ZYS7GXIRY))[WU(C1FJJ<U^)U.EEOW1BVA3U'X50\3QPK9W#2!9GWH

_V_J=WJ#1&PC#.069
D''/%3A;JE_7F7.


)I-)7


M65J5S=_966YM%=PIP77DCM6


XJM=_$(2V8





5AQ7




3HI

MF^M[@S0WLD9(Q@ $?K6JG*TEU;_R*C&
GX5C4U26IT<T-TE\C

MD\X*R@9*YSG^5=3+X4N$D9[6:VB^B$476F:HUNL

M]#R&UO/

)
MAS2B&'GRQ9IM8!O$T3^4/,$)'F^W/'ZUN1V+=VKL;AY/B'=P%SY<-JI )XR

CO

/K6
E


M4$N2Q50







M99D
%Z$W*2%8'*CC/ZUZ^$7[K7SW1TP

.
TV2/4HXE2-UD7!VX^8'/O6C%;B'3PLTA()^5




M1Q

<^-X\:'&Z]4NHF_P#'J]
T88L=&_ZZR?\ H+UG

;6=8BU&:T.B
MP3.]N^[S7&T?K7266M3RB.
6OF3$#(5^]59/!-ZP&RZM.#_SW J:/PCJ
9RE

M&5 ^M3CPUJ;(5?4[?!Z@3U'_ 
(9)CYKRV8_]=17G5LYRDXQE[SN[O\M$X
M7U:
/4]?TYXW
EO(XC/RHR9)X]C]:R[74]&DDP4NATY
9P*ZJ3P7.WW9K(_6



=H&/





MD7A);
?]M!7C8G U*M:52VZ[(QJU*=25[E6.^L!:!%E+KG.-IX_2LEY-*9D8
MRR19SD
I.


MXF&U]I\6G%4E
J


BWU*P@L]J2%T)SM(/'Z5F&_





.Z
G8?.!Q^M7.

M^_2_X444 ']G67_/G;_]^E_PH_LZR_Y\[?\ []+_ (444 ']G67_ #YV_P#W
MZ7_A=.LN?\ 0[?_ +]+_A110 ?V=9?\^=O_ -^E_P *7^S[+_GS@_[]+_A1
M10 ?V?9_\^D'_?H?X4?V?9_\^D'_ 'Z'^%%% !_9]E_SZ0?]^A_A2?V=9?\
M/G;_ /?I?\*** #^SK+_ )\[?_OTO^%']G6/_/G;_P#?I?\ BB@ _LZQ_Y\
M[?\ []+_ (4?V=9?\^=O_P!^E_PHHH /[.LO^?.W_P_2_X4?V=9?\^=O_WZ
M7_BB@ _LZR_Y\[?_OTO^%']G67_ #YV_P#WZ7_BB@ _LZR_P?.W_[]+_A

end







begin 644 a9.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ P@#: P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3


]'/\ RPG_ .^1_C7-$1TH6)@#328G8[IO&NCKUM[C_OD?XTZV\8:
M1=3..WG#'U4?XUY^ZGO4^EL([X





M^!;!(-6N$E0;T.%KHKJTNM3UXVC;TMT /'&ZN.E5J.'-+5GL8S!8:%?V=/1)


69HD)).23@5Q7
MA6$I-J[EBV^'/ZFNTTT8TJT'_3%/_0131C5C&


9+&G

=:NZ7IYNIM




A^Z
\YKR6)A(2N2
#BN:LVIJS/;P7
M*\-)3C9





370C$L2QOPZ_=;UIQ?*?2-71S]S




N;Q
M)+%1+MW



P&  !7B
MNOW+Z?X]E

;%*2D?7\/XB3HRI)[$%_I[M;?:ST%=%







I;GI\

M]UXIM[8Q6T[+)O()X^Y50K);DSP\GL=4Y6RTI[ASQ&I.361::K&^GS7BWF)(

\[3WKGH+N3^R-*ANK)8IR RWD3@I
*Z?G[S_B<FNIM$:.W
BN)%?++@=!


M0GF(5E/(VGI5RUDL]4*R



MK/#5FWLT/U

M)8=


MS0%B!VKS?Q5XL:ZD=5&P
#QBN2-.6G*93QLI*TD'P-LH['QEXL2'[ALH\?\

MG#8S@#VKS)/DF

MA^WO5)(9%EV)!AF^8$/\K?2M.QUC3[_35=7 64?

MS)79I8^==*TM=S:T.2X&H
LT9B54P3GFNK\];= LI.#G#=:\ELO&EG9ZH1?
M01.-I923CZBND'CW0DMF5+]IN




M?KR*Y74[6UN9/(U.W7G@2J

TXP5'6ER6U$W=$/P
MF\'KX=UC7[RWF\VWNK157U!#$U[#I_\ R#;;_KBG\A7EGPMU8WTFLVQ'^IMP

 3@
M




_-:K<S<+G6Z?+-%$D
M+Y\T@




^8
MS]#G 6JUI97&N:R;;!
0/S2KR
#KBO0/#/ANTM;R*.UC!93N+2-\Q'X5Q2DH
MO4PS3.J&6Q5*7\22]U6Z]+EG2-%
:O:74TRG[XR-N/I6]I5K%I$[2)=LZL/F

35C48OM$1:- [+]^+^\/45HJT;\I[5*4*KY4[

D:]%<SAE0MAE8<K7J4E]#-;1R0N


RD@$Y

M86XUUNYM5S^9KVC3O^07:_\ 7%/_ $$5M3=XF)R&OMM\!ZF?2Y'_ *
6O.Q.
MJ2;TY5Q@UZ%XC./A_JO_ %\C_P!&K7F'F[8RI[&J92V+RSF3:/2I89#YQ6LZ




MI2^(;W2-9@U*S(
D8PK$9YKKM-M-9^(+PW.O2/-&N?+BSC/NQ]*PO#^C+J#M
M-J
1\F
_NT/&3ZFO8?!KV$:+;V\:Q/M*E5R2??-+G2]T^5SC.*
:CP5*5JVF
MO9/]3%T70?)OWM[2R4_(8V=5QM%=?#I5O86/VJY6)3$N7E Y&*EUNQ\G1V G











M0:




?2MCQ3K!%K#

IYV91G





M3?5_^OI?_1JUXT'


L.R
G?\ (+M?^N*?^@BN%\(3M+/JP_A6W  _$UW6F\Z5:?\ 7%/_ $$4HJR-
MKW.)\7G'PUU<_P#3TO\ Z-6O&)B9 '[@U[+XR_Y)CJ__ %\K_PC5KQF(@HV
G6NELC/=Q^8
MF G/)/IUKGE/WK'P6=XW&O$NC2TBCIX]4:&,-+N.1PJCUJV.N0MI
Q^SN\^


5QN


IZ]]LF8QL3\A88RY]?<5C:_=O<^)IPI?O'



)K^;4M20:3WV2W.%8# 8TFFV










3R8V



M^@BL^2 B:\N%EWPM;A453\HQ5_3O^07:_P#7%/\ T$52(.=NK=;KPGJ
3C(:









)1@Q:AI.?4W
M)X_\=IB_L_\ B%&!74-*]\W)Y_\ ':3B]D@A6A#WKZG)VNI21Z;:(964Q*-I
M!YJ6._
^I12S

M%(/_ !\'_ERR2/.ITX2J\\SU30H%GUA?NCDNT:/+;%X7O[US^B:1-82PR
M3W%L2L:J^V3/( !_E73:W'_ WC_P^A6J0GN5)]D
9*Y+#MBLYM)AOKG[?





M_P *** $_LO3_P#GQMO^_*_X4?V5I_\ SX6O_?E?\*** #^RM/\ ^?U_P_
M*_X4?V7I_P#SXVW_ 'Y7_BB@ _LO3_^?&V_[\K_ (4?V7I__/C;?]^5_P *
M** #^R]/_P?&V_[\K_A1_96G_\ /A:_]^5_PHHH /[*T_\ Y\+;_ORO^%']
ME:?_ 

M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ I02 P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ ][EU.WC
MO[J_G



V)7'X=*Z





M
WZUSX W9%6(2*V/+-DSVJ]9F_

(!N%^M '0@0EL
U.)E3<GU@BO-9ISK^C+JEEN#J0+RW!^XX[XKR
ML?%Z26Z/3P$E?DELVC?@A@^RQ17$%N6#(NT1_=S_ +1ZFGP65I;B.!K:)W!6
M-V9


&H81:




M*[0H)-K0R+(A[@UW0E%+EOJ?*9E4=7$.3V(L^E.5R




P

MB9E9-&MI!TWS$'\A7=374QM=V





MRJJJJ  J+@=/2LQ
'&:DN)#)
Q/4G)J*

MLV*X$
?^%(E]ODK6+21A.DY.Z)=6/^CGZ=JYZV;$HX;.?6MK4)1)'62D8$F?



^/Q?N5I*P_\ M!'DV*CLI!!*@ DGOBIH






@KTKRS57GTV*


#U-


MQ! ./QQVKF2NKH^K^NT(-*H^5]G_ %^1Q?G97&:$..:MWNA:CIZ.]W9S1Q(^
E?!2(_\
M0W4K9S]F;J:MRN]%8NI54ME8]QTS_D$VG_7!/\ T$44FEG.CV9_Z8)_Z**

EIGW$YV^

9
M

^A@Z5I-
M_P,=::YG8RM*V=S?R]J[#4[J#PSIW]GZ?M\_E7D7KZ$57T76;'0]8QA#
5






M+C*.IY JY;ZK


MGIGM7JT

MEJ#:AJ



MF3*-Q!/&2*]G^%
834)R-V?L[;LC_)-
#U32_P#D$6?_ %P3_P!!%%+IG_()

0G

Q/K^E5
M/%G@6QU6XU**R74[P1[8Q%+Y1.!QG;P<?A434H2M)'+4IRI:2/ D]34BDYQ



^8-K


ME_#T-:]O;3QPP+)*&*H [G^(^M=6T

;#+#( $!Y+'/TJG;.(O$C6
M]U(K1ZC$T+,#P&SE?R(_&LR2RN+Z<<QR1L5D53A@OMZ\9KJY4W*/4ZHVD





L
M ?M6IX!)W+P._P M X^3RR/]X8H D(R3M/RD]:CW+&2-U +!2 2.U/6)#A

M)(-K;


Q6D0VQQ#Z=S[U9\$V[7VKF^$?F+$X.TCK71R_#B;5].EMVNVAE5AUC^

M]
*%I/+Z;#FJB6



end







begin 644 shasta_rev.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ H0I P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @



O]U/^^C_A65#_ 
C0_P#U[C_T(UL4 
S+_=3_ +Z/^%&9

M 'T?\*
R_P!U/^^C_A3MPH) ZT@&YE_NI_WT?\*
R_W4_P^C_A3\T9H 9F7
M^ZG_ 'T?\*,R_P!U/^^C_A3\T9H 9F7^ZG_?1_PHS+_=3_OH_P%/S1F@!F9



M_KW'_H1K9..] '/VGBJV=ECNU-O)T8



M3





M#2X9 ^NZCME? 5$8*/\ $UR=CX*&H^




MZG=3B_LHS=6SJ3'R4&/3TK4^*NO+=ZFFGH?EC^\:RO!&H:D=5BMHVEDLF5
MC(KC*QX'&#VK2


MHHADU$K$B+_ K'_XFG.*?NLF%:49J://-)\*W_B.W
I=;:U)S)/)T 'H.].U
M#X?B/4-.M].U%;E+TDAMNJCJWN*['48_PT+Z#PKI1
5A:HIOI5X^7LF?4]

8ZESQ%2I.Z))8/!N@W4.BO:I=W
M6
2R/@[..2S'@'V%5(P/#7@.1K-&^UZK

:Q6\?]^=N@'T&*$]]#&6B6M[



9DFD1$'.YF  _&F9#ZA4;[@MV4


M^6







O9

M+VY%S

JU:RM2_P0]8?1_P5:M;&


]3AU3Q$UO*2%0$@)T]J] O

N;NZDU(3K(9$Y4@_*?3\JXH02DYI&F$IN3]XP-


M]K# [G/*P@]S_G)K

M-Z#_ #Q70V
46F32V_RJS(6+(
X]S[_6J%C9W
.GM%HN%EDZW=TNTGG)PO4_








M42W3



F

M?:]4NY-H5B6+

(I0
N@'RMG
MOCUQG'UJK%?WEBYF?$$JGF

M'X&ND\#AAHI$AD+C&?




*
1AW**E
M]7+






U#P






&TN_(.$N);4_\ /.XZ?GT-1:I;6.H@_P!HZ;%
.TT'RM^E;$MK



 *X74VFNY=TD

Y;G7/K
B@R



MX-V=RNV6\0CI_J/_ *];G_6ZM_T5_[^4?\);JW_0)7_OY3YF'*CB;K]G?3
M;ALIJ7E'U6'_ .O67/\ LS1R']WXC*CT:VS_ %KTK_A+=6_Z!*_]_*/^$MU;
M_H$K_P!_*7

XLQG_ -IL/[,\T4R
MNWB<28.<-:=?_'J]-_X2W5O^@2O_ '\H_P$MU;_ *!*_P#?RB[ \S?]FB62
M5G;Q.
GIBTZ?^/4Z']FN2
G?XE5QCO:?_95Z5_PENK?] E?^_E'_  ENK?\
M0)7_ +^478'F+_LR;F++XC5


65


end







begin 644 a6.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ GPN P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ]]L9UEMI

747RH?[@H\J'^X*6C%

4 5YWA@0L86;'I7
*E7BE*E\UY%C6/'FAZ+:K/=QR[P7Y5

C.:\D^(T&?#C''W74_K4OP@UPA7T^5^4.5!/8UW1
MP\9T/:1W-8U6Y6/9_*A_N4HCB'\ H4[E!HKBL;F/KWB/2_#MMY^HJRQYQE5S

_
M\\9_^^#1_P +?\
_\\9_^^#7A-.%=W]GT/
Q]M

MAP*ZZWEM[F


.]D?_
M $)*YVM+C&:=_P @RY_Z^3_Z$*U4^Z*RM

M@K-37;1[IH!*N]3R



$:EJ%S/=LTDK,O8$UC
M

=C$99'X&!WKYT-VZR[
M825 [UI66L3*R_




4\U\ZW=W.R3NSG_%!'


M*=6

O3PE=T:NNS.6I3]I&R.C\ ^%#$HU&\3
MYV^X.@KT;1IDGU!XXCD1\









'5JIU4K*)Z6(QE&@U1D]9


MOEOYUJ9K



:^/7-*LTOZ[GM4^2&%@Y+6^O

$8+')


MHV!;6C[YW3@ *
D?D*YW3K&+2%
]BQ\SZ5QXZNZ
KVMS+1=D7A\##&24I2NX



P

4DV[-;
M



M&
**]WEC^*NW]]S\7II=WIKQ6L0$C]O:O


MH*^?-

=8_M?

N(SC_ -_2O.8=

M7J7PMM7CT*XN
8$DAP?7 KRXHTDBHG+


MQ94NV)4=Z])T7Q3::HH\J4$^F:\0UW1[FQ9HY(F4]CBL&RUC4M%NO
@E=0#T

M'M4EY*8KP%:EDU
H$!/6O)4KZ

MD
F*[\)-TK3ZG!2CRFCX*TMM5\2197

MA



M.H%99DR
5Y^

D=
MJYN;4_W964$'OFO




M-%JSV7P_9UTR, =$%

M%?1;C_Z];W7+8\=PG[;G3TL='2UD?VCK'_0*A_[_ (I?[1UC_H%P_P#?\4KF


&L2?3$GDY45WY@N3UT*U/_;;_ .O3?LUP#QH-K_W^

M&?RD0*/2NT$=XO30[8?\

X%9&E
?^%M7L7D,\TH,KCJ3TKMHY5OH<0#S,]Q5N/PGI\9_=^$[-3[7!_P :
MU;2&YL$VF@VT8'0?\ ^O5I&;,8^%SJ-BXN5 XP 17D?BGX<WMM,]S9P%H\
MG@OH'[=JQ_YA$'_ '^%1R7&I2+M?1;9AZ&84FK@FT?

M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ L@%5 P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ]SO?$%AH


_;2/J[_ (7'\/O^ACD_\!+C_P-T?\ XOA_P#]

4G_@)/_\ &Z/^%O\ @#_H8I/_
M  $G_P#C=?*XIPHYF'MI'U./B_X!_PABD/_ &ZS_P#QNE_X6_X!_PA@?\

M+PI11S
/;R/J'_A;?@/_ *#[_P#@+/\ _$4?\+:\?\ 0??_ ,!9_P#XBOF



]AK

MB7'EPNL@W'@89?7DD5R/%N^D=.IV*
K.[5^AWG_VO 8_P8\W_@-/\ _$4G

M--7S


P]

12?\+C^'W_ $





FZ







J;BW\A







NDWP_[=G_PHYEW#EEV* IPJ_\ \(]K/_0)OO\ P&?_  IP\/ZS_P!
MF^_\!G_PHYH]Q<LNQGTZK_\ PC^L_P#0)OO_  '?_E70-88 C2KW!Y'^CO_

MW 9T'^RQ&1^!JM_8&L?] J]_\!W_ 

47]H3D1H(XSGYE7LH;KCVS4/]A:OD_\


_^ [_ .%/F7<.678H3323
MRF2:1I'8\LYR341K2.@:Q_TKW_P'?\ PI#X?UG_ *!-]_X#O_A1S1[ARR[&
M;336G_PC^L_] F^_\!W_ 


M\'_T


M+I#R[)I9A-=(RD.PVC _AP.0#U-0#2M1;R_/GMY LYE==I E)S@GTQQQ[=:$



5)IFDW5C

_F233-L@@B0L\

MX&!T'O3ZY
.U91M;4N2=]Y'<0S




6N9/M6Q[AU=HT3$9(

RRC:P$:@9ZXZ__7J;3]2:XBEEN_+@



M)D/_ 
BUJ'_7P?\ T
(3/, ))IY .=HZ 9^@KE_$/C.2PU&
MYL+




D^I/YU

$UNH4C
MTR

6DVH94P'=



TM#QL31A149
MTF[.^_E^#/.%=7SM(.#@X/2EIWA*\\GXD:KI




JZ


MRBD#8M/

SE2[


_



ETR
M"*V@2&WC6.*-0J(HP% Z 4^M5H<L8\JL%%%%,H*J7<BB:-?F() JW61K5W


MI.&)@TKZ]3A7\;VL


M4^WYZ/LJEFEH]+^1]%5R'Q$94TRR+?\ /SC_ 
=-=?7

:5=_'%I'J-%%%?;'24+;_D/7W_7&





RITK5'?H68-
9T!/%17=@8U








344GQ?T9



BHT:4E=:G

MYC0_NXOE^I[U-8WI31YCU:+('X]*I62E
$\GJ379C
6JU*$%]K5_UZF5.GRM

M=&&?I6%K=T;F\6TB/RQ\O[FIM

R#0O^/6?_KX?^=:



']*]1_:

NK

G KA=.\:^+YW
O]LWS1K]Y@^ *ZFRM7F_9YG3?&FW4=S
SC &W

%]9$+(WW@25R!DGC!'&*ITH*UHK[A2J3=KR9VL'BC67T5[I


]=^!
MOB#5M6M/$!U'4)[DQ6VY#(V=IYYKS*7QOXOFUB:WM-:N_E=L*K@  5Z%\ H!



PE]066
1'*NK!1QC;P/QJKJ6H7T4;[M7P 
;D5O


M\=2


4;JOM7$
M:'X@NM/LDTS7X'L]0@4++#.
$XZ



M]O(
'G?Q7TS\



M25%GL]Y(W([YP0?R[UZE6C3G*[BF_0\.M4G&=E)I';0^/?%
NBS7I\3QQ/&0

M7TFCR7



M@?E71_!^V!L_%

KD:K

M??/7^=2J
/Y5]R*=:=M)/\3T#X


66QZN'HTYTTY03WUZE
M7PK'%'ONH[I(BHYQCGN?N].M8%QX1TFYN)'5;IMY8JY<!1UZG'KC]:[+Q=X

EPV.&Q7C8^O.G7B[NS71

M 7F.




M3RU  Z8KSF._:WUZ![1=S&4#:O\ $




M[M\+I/


MP]\$SWIA-FTDJ_?!N)


MY1X=TK2M0N
);IN_A 3_ .O7L;&^N?AWJO\ :4#0EE4+N(YYZUY+':-IUXD]
MM


\DZ/L4?
=IXKS_4]8DUW


:\AM/ &G:0[36^I2WJ8XC:0K
MC\


M:..]9_

MMX?\0:;:A;VR







MEL?Q%

6CE\I/;J

M4/\ 96G?\^%K_P!^5_PHHH 7^RM/_P?V_[\K_A1_96G_\ /A;?]^5_PHHH
M /[*T_\ Y\+;_ORO^%']E:?_ 
^-M_WY7_BB@ _LO3_ /GQMO\ ORO^%']E
MZ?\ \^-M_P!^5_PHHH 0Z3IQZV%J?KO^%)_9&F_] ^U_P__X444 ']D:;
M_P! ^U_[\+_A1_9&F_\ 0/M?^__X444 +_9.F_] ^U_[\K_ (4?V3IO_0/M
M?^_*_P%%% !_9.F_P#0/M?^_*_X4?V3IW_/A:_]^5_PHHH /[)T[_GPM?\
MORO^%)_9&F_] ^U_[\+_ (444 ']CZ;_ - ZT_[\+_A2?V/IN[_D'6G_ 'X7
M_BB@!?['TS_ *!UI_WX7_C^Q]
_P@=:?]^%_PHHH /['TW_H'6G_?A?\
MC^R--_Z!]K_ -^%_P *** %_LG3?^@?:_\ ?E?\*/[)TW_H'VO_ 'Y7_BB
M@ _LG3?^@?:_]^5_PH_LG3?^@?:_]^5_PHHH /[)TW_H'VO_ 'Y7_C^R--_
MZ!]K_P!^%_PHHH 3^R--_P@?:_]^%_PH_LC3?\ H'VO_?A?\*** #^R--_Z
M!]K_ -^%_P *7^R--_Z!]K_WX7_BB@ _LC3?^@?:_\ ?A?\*/[(TW_H'VO_

M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ M@%. P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @

1 #\ ]ZM[V);&
MXNKS)6.9ER3[X%-&MZ89%0 DMTQC_&H%LVOO#MW!&^QGF8AL9Z/G^E8-AHP:



C'#*0/2JHRJUJJ

MQ0JRJ.5X!'/KV_*J]AADHSE+1D^TK-N


MY[UZ9JNC7-M\
WNS




M4VX



H$;_ $?./P.*MMJMG&A:


M0_$+1O\ GRNS_P !7_XJO/H[ Q+@(2/K2F%QTC/YBLOK$R_80.__ .%B:.!G


^.WS5E'29IGC,GSA3_G^E:M
MM



MJ&#6/ 4'VM5D00NX+]B
8.?QKA%O8O'GA%X  -0LQYB;SS[_ (5EVOCYK+P?
M-H#PG[6K%5?'0'M6=2\VI):ZJWW'74JI02G+9W3\K?GY'.7FLR2226DL*;8&




M#ME)_P UBW\S;#ND;_OBM:61%!.UC_P+_ZU8%P/MNH1VT:?-(X7KT]ZTBB)
M,VM(TYE\+W,QSYMZRQ1DC&06@8_$FO1X&2*[

ML;0;?[/A
L[CJS-P ?4G!)K2UN[E.IAX4BDATV
S2B1]HW$''.#R!D_C4'A2


MXVYZ+^@#\*:+V)W0I

W\3C'O'0#N8 &-R
/,*DLP]B%!(/UVBG&
MD^IHY-[(DM]&EF ,RQPKZ8);\O\ &H]0T_3K:U,TS.(UX4!LF5O[J@=3[K)

D=K)RC O+T R 'KLC'_C
MCZ&NB




MNOI9)8/[&V


Z?ZR25B5?\?\*UQ-&%:DU15FG;[NQG



M(&.
'8 .21R
?AG\J4:DGA^9?%L17PWM




M.K%)2V=OU/$GOYI#AY&=ER

M_P!+A

M*2)M]

M
!R?J*=+=(1D;L'VJI+




M;1@J
-(?;G8OYUVMTUM)
)U*-*BE%8'. 3R/S7]*Y&YL8K+SI49I'F79EN2!
MN+


)Y5=DPQC7JI[5U<J(]M4ZLI:/9:9I[M#IMM;0E#@B,
M#.??O^=3RZFDVM2:.L;!UMA<&4'JVW'UXKG=2\33Z=<7=['I:/I]E<^1=2K






 SW!XZFO2=+_X^-+_
M .P;_P#&Z\FGU/
PA@ 8[L


S*G3G6]_M^K/&Q%N?7L=3J:
W9EPJM
M4^2:NNAR<=WKEQJ,5U:P7*D+A92A&!C^5;^E:G?W/G_VZC7/E;1'S;5?U/O






MO 5QIRRZKKQ
+W486*%!ND5

?Q_.L5_#TBY3[7:[LX(

MU*#7

ME\4*/


MMS;E(/ XZ'M7)732/[X/T1JQJZJQV48J.IB7
M[98YC ^AK
L[XZ5J:7*9 ^ZXSU4]:O7?FY)) ^L1-9%P9'4YE&?:.HC&QK)W


M5+

M@GV(K+\-B.SOK[P9JVVXCA3S;7S#GS;=C]T^ZGBM/24:[TV?1-8C!*Q[54R;



R7TL

MNO

MP21ZG_ZQKY[.:SIUU;LOS9G2PD*WO28:;X2\/:O8MIVJMOO&8LK.




%FQP3WQG\Z^:
MG*SLCV7+EAS
QO#_ 
WM?*C20X^<8ZUS5.=Z' Y2D

=R/4?J*T;.%9XMT15T'(/ZT]/+'WP6!ZC'4=ZQ;

M7BB24@G;(J#'HQQC\R*TWE!ZGFN9\:7\MIH+^47\^5T$04\\
#N_3K[UM5Y8







M
J3D5;\-ZE';:@+2Y 








MG((K;T2Q5&;5+H!4C!
;

M#S)(W#' /& 1QW.?ZUXNGAF[L=:@=]02XX5\HNT#/;/KQ7?_ !$\81:IXJN;
R
4 W*')PIS[8S7K=N99@'NPS/V

Z=*-=PHO3^NIUTZU2=.TR*'1[ 
(Y))W;O+C /X=?UI;G3+JVM'F





MUDIU9IJ6W3;YCZ$41$L/^D_OHV^[Q\RGZUF7=H;=6@=I(Y2&;D\=0?SJS$


M2+T[9S^1_I(]0F4,86%]#@A.)8_JO&?T/M5+0?%=CK


4W03Q':X]O?Z&M7%[Q.:5.4=8_U_7F6;6[@O@)(&5PO! X*
MGT(/(-2/86[[2%V%3D;.
'.?PY]*R%M+JUN/
F7SFSC[3;+B0^@=?XOPK0BU


M74ZJ

#QD'I]17LMS:FZB+XN)$P2$MXO+5A_O'^AKG-<T<76E36RP*L:J3&%Y*MC


FK)


M]V_5_P!([(TES


M$6\/-\V./7(YZ=Z^QR3



MA#I;V&DQ!4FF$K9G


@17P

M7OW2##TY3;G;5;=KG2_#O2K;0M:N]

M7\J^=S!4O:KV&QT0IU;7FCT@SS.NPN3LY /H.O\ 
U6U;5(-%TFXU*9_)V*0

I(XVB:.V4X






C'/S

0#1JK=TQWS]36)((SO
MC88=B.M:NALEKH]RZ
6

MSIFGZG+#+)\ZS

MG]G6\D$D\CQQRR[75=Q(Z CH:HZ7X4\5Z9JIO+_29+6-EQB/#G'O@YK]-AF6


MV=K9.]T8W4(-Q^7%0VNH0WI3S').A(&/KQ4/BC58I= N_LLI#HRB1#DE1N
M'!':N.CU8$AG)!!SDBDDVCZ?*



MG4++J

MU'*TDL:F



MV-P@ 


M_P!LS77)M
6*PLL+5=*70@
18_\ +
#/9LTJ6F3R8Q^&?ZTL4C!A]HF1





MHW
C

+_ /7K2EDQG=QFLVY(/.1^=:)D6/4_#4L=
%+\+H5M




M)U)CN85DSCC(^5A^6VJ2;23Z77]?@2Y1C)RBM':5OGJOQ?R/+/$=F;KP\Q\C


5TTAD@LK6R)Z23?OI3_ )^IIQTLS\ZEJ-W= G/EA_*3



G(85\GQ!1FY^VIR^%:Q\KO5'H8&HDN22T;W. M9S$






M)ZE5P.M55TN4PL2I$Y;C%5IK4H=IP&'56X-9K'X^+4G*7S_P+V-!Z)(V
M=1T+3_$.G^=#']GN


%.?*XVZ-+;79I=-=U
7L&'ZC\*X_0_%TLC7+7DPD@8[HBS %/8+UQ^-2Z5K(U#7Z
M'**/U].AKB]G4Y]3#
(X7ZB[)*^VFOK_ 

V/E # XS_*H1-(JAGQ$.Y9





MU_UC29Z 



M7N=!6RNI%$OE*AD3D!AT//T%13:=&VJ1WY=Q-'$8N.C G/-68#=.J^8$4$$$
M YQ[U%=6K7&/




MR2  3U..M5&+2TT







MD.(L53H8I15/FFX];VM=]%O\SLP5.4Z;]ZRN;32:$5Y)QD#/%%KHNG&1[O



MXXO0Y9C[U




.7XSV)__55)B*KNA^[V


=5:7P[):F9':VE90
_=!Y'



THW.4!P:SI2^RSRLLQCK)TY;HDO

I9QD

MC'X5I-75CW(NS3/*H(I.
[0/H*OI%+@8*G\*C 8'!4@CL?\ ]56HW.W_ %:@

MAP?H?_K5[?H(Q;Z
/^H4O\HZ\.=V_B49]P?\:]QT#FWT;_L%+_*.NK#[LYJ^
MR*TIQX8O3_T\-_Z'7/RI+)9R/%(ZB-275
DN/H.M;]QG_A%K['_/P?\ T.N4



TOG L%E3!!Z


 7



^5^O5L/

0?8IYT.S*:7]Y)C[I]_)8_P Z))+YAP^T^BP@?SJ[CGYIB/Q%

D*Y!ES
MSS\V*GF\AV

?^^:UI9(CGYV/T8FJ
PC.3Y1/U
BG@G\B:TA)WU,Y15CZ$TJ='0I$FTX()_P ^M:=S;17E
MF\


Z?I!QT^]_\3116\Z-*;O.*;]#G4I+9A]EU ?\P_2.
MN?XO_B:D2/4D^[8Z6#[
P_\ 9:**CZM0_D7W(?//N/F_M2XB

M1_Z#6=_8;*?DT/0_R/\ \1116W+%.Z1-V-ET%YTV3:'H;KZ
1_Z!3AHUPH
MCT?1%4#I@_\ Q%%%.R['#2KP=-*T0?@W_Q%*=
O#UTO13^#?_$4446079!)

M'+'L'
^X'2+@]=(T4_@?_B*:=$E/_
%T/_OD_P#Q%%%'+'L'
QO]@R?] 30O

MY]M

  @$! @$! @( @( @(#!0
#
M P

#!@
#!@P(!P@
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#/_  !$( 
@ R 
!(@ $0$#$0'_
MQ  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0
# @0#
M!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S8G*
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$!
M 0$! 0$!         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$0  0($! 





#COJ#BY3LG9/77RL?






5TU.':T%:=EYNY.$\3








M8E?59'MH;3!Z*JL?/9^0


MD(SM&T+Z9^;''.:KXBE37M.72U]^G=:(SH8/%*+ISJ\TN_*D_1].W0Y/QM^T
M+J_AS1)-2TOP_)XBM8(/

:J%._*^/:7_P

MUKKM0_;'_L_2-.N&T'4EN-2O?*6S
.W$A5IW$<#A%&[:Y50 SJ<XO7/

MG(!Y V]CT[$CICK52IEW+[L7MW9SX'*^*XSY



_(],UVOBC
MXK:IIWP[L;]M0MUCNEEN9IYHT:.*-41OXQA0H8Y)]_I6M#'4_MIO\SR<ZX1K
M5)Q^HS]G&;LM4U=7;O=2TLM=4^S1OZ%^U#!XBM4OK,V-YHGV6XNY=6M]1+64
MQLJHC2-;*/

LIR




[2K



M?PY\4WJZ5'?AY[!Y)(MSN-JR

'54L--
M0BF[W4&FO+12/L+4?^J,8_:V\!_6P\


MZ3\.-9AUC6M/CO+&TU73C+.;@1MI4?V+5?-NU0C
HBA\UG12&\OS&&XH$;Q?
M7OVR-.MO#5UJWAV&X6]T:RBU;4=%NK'S-0N+674#9Q^089F5Y7$-Q)'&@E
@


IR2RG










FL3:9'IJ7XU5[R/3U#LY
%LMG



M4H]/
X/P-\0M#U7PCX7^


M=O-+CT[P?K&G:Y'):FZTNXLWO+2:VGB
ME:2_MV$







MZ_\ !+']G7PO9?$CPU\3/BQ#;QZ3JU\MIX7MM0AG$5TXF\AKM6:)H9=DQ$:H

CAZ+2O9M[I+_A[?
].^.W_  4T


MC/(&B(B1WV
PK)_;=TWP;X-M)M!NKC04;4HOLWV.XN(OWS.

9Y%
M?B3^UOXK\6_!K]HM2WB#5-170]0BUC2TOKAITBDC*[
ACEMNP+SVSC&37B9/
MFZQW-1E#D:6FMT_P/L
^H4L(GC

'VW1IIU[H2W0Y#801-'WZJP(.X\')S7M:,H.*OIHTT]UYI/8^O
MH8S'4ZJ=;E=.2NK-)I/NF]4_*S79]-73_CY??&+P8Z:AIMO:WBR;HX9UE#F,
M;/WTH*KL'F#<FTG,85]P+D)V?Q2^,FF^%_V5_#\VH237UYJI=1;P6TK-+;B.
M*6[6555O+ A#@LWJ=Q^7+5P]]\/)O#M]'KES9^
M2NU9MX) E/W9AC:54





M-^K;7Z'T9^TY\0?#?P]UVYD\3ZE)IMOJM_I.G692=X/M-TZ7QCAWJ0%+[2 &
M(#-M7EF4&?1?%%QK3)#;V\-JKN/GD_*F254 'VP0.?;D\C_P % M(NM0\(




Y*H



MF_%G2-'U/1;RVC^)6OZM;^


MRR-

!*
HMZ.#YDO)ZM*2Z


M)/Y0W1ML;!Z97!. .


#*26D4PJ8\*Y0
\)VVJ:5?V&LWE_I]O/XD2.ZTC1+J\FM9K -9
















M!_[:;5XFN([RSDBE@6%/)\R21_

DW$853NK7\?_ !(M=

V&4D8@^*/['WPKUPZA<+X8_X



8;NU!B\I6
M
K7






02N


M C.

@

M6-$URDM+^*82.6*2



G(_-?X7?'[0Y=1NIO$'B*2UG2.]U6RABM^+32K3
 ,D$ 5J?
MM?#_2O@5XACT6'34;7+I=-5IM/N;J.-GX94


M=0(Y% ]B^+GQ^\

]QI.KQ6]J^EK=W4$US+
K'=#OM
M)(GB0-(_VF-0










 &B5B)/G&5&5Y] ?WTU

_P 3/V2M?7X-_$+X?WNG
M0:A;W/B'1]5ED$EJ]MF
.JCE3EVW9)##S HXS]J_7XYZ'XYTB6\T2XN)+
MW#0O+=V[Q_
PN=/
MU18[_P 
75M7LY7N(DF68\(L1V2.LBR-N$TC*')C?FO&&!Q\Z\JRDXJ:B]

M!H=P/

^(TVA^ --N+6&XDW2Q06L$



^++:&\2X\1?V1?-;V+SH)[B=+265(XES]XK&6
M QP%9CT)KXRMAXD^&EK-X


C-?*.J^.?BQX1\ W=SXJMO#\FA:;:Z?;:C=:@8X[C5
M(IYK;[5

MM$$XF!#1
EA%J1$^!'&UQ$SNB'=7U)X:_94T[PW?2W$FDV5U
L7DO?75Z\]X
1$9B#R0HR?7CG/



M!CNUS_PGG@_X?ZM_8OQ$\.W7AW3](O9=*@CC75KBY\R[G80?94MC(?*LEMU@








!W=X
?C;X-:YK/Q L
M[N&XL&L%A5IMJL+J%HBFU0NDF1O4DLNS:A^8?*/1XOASI?_  BMGI
=JBP*

JLTFW'
M.?16&I0E*M&-V]V?.RQ5:K&-&4M([)?UT

X








?E7'J6. !U)QP37/

VK%@#) L.!T\VV4

AFN=I X)\M^&/@;
M6?%$MKJL
83R6Z?*J1BSKMVE=P<[


Y@6.W)EE6!D-M'


M;2=+M_$-I)=:SJ*Z/96T(DN)[FY: 7.W8JEMOD
LS2L BQLKLP5@3\D?$O7X



M;S(&+Q!ITDGE\KYPMFB$$38/4^!_VB/!


R!)W4B

M&%S:A7AM88C&T
\5TK0-+')+U9L2F


MUJW^&Q];@^*






.F:GJVD6-U:P-
K-






X*VT95E;SOM$ICCR S1RA%4










M1'C@=YVRZA5B_?-Y%^;S'(C+

WCQ\2:'JFNQWTCI;6L
MK'';O)(PB9+B=$E\N6.S(;?&?W) &0&;2GD]&G4]EBJRBWLG=:WV\M.KM;M=

M4@DP1AF5 SG P



+5G7

)AX.#C#?5:V[65F?47_!
&^74/VH]+
MNI&6:XO-

X;C(SUHK@?^3'Q2L(?VP_'AT_:)]0O-
M&UA6=8R88S'I5RY&_&

E?IG#U.4


M6&B:AKFN?V]X=TOQ1;PG3)(;*^LHKM?- O

M+'X9^$='VGRXY6TZSMY(\+PH9%;H#C /3/IS8_;X\3)X)\$^*M:;[5))I9TR





M4KJ5&W!+%8(D








[5!6*0J00IK



MKXH_84T?2/@G\1/&'@7P3J5G%J'A_P 6RZAK.F:C-


M!/\ MOZ9K^C_ !%T_4+'1K'4/#


\3P:A&9(XG=Y);5MS9*R.L




M;S6_AWQ%
T:6 
BZ;



M
JLJ@VYD+
0T

+LRY;=$
P?$CX%?$#3?&5QXNM]6\
M
ZAJD=[((K2R&^-+=W=E1UGF@1_*DBM

M1\(-7\8:I:W4=U'J]N8M%AA*[UR;::\C9\1S/&0X D4;64J H^\_VIO$&F^'

MNQIBSVPU**'.U92AW3K%GCS!GDBOF.(.+/J&-EA_9*;C%-/6ZOYQ:=OG8^TR


4)N9'8@=PAS^!

M_;X?Z? ;L
%&ML*O&R1TNFB))<0A!(2Z.U316;4Z
Z=.I)





UCQ=IUE;:590R02W2
M^8V+O4(52!))&D=!IB9C1RA)#!


M25Q^^2+]TS+;SLOF

0CAMG+
N1W+-]X]!
MDXXS]:^1M'^*.F?$[['XDT\32_'VI:D/%%FOB.RN-.MI-/\M[6VMEDGA&.




-BZB5W&R2NTKIK1];:=UON
M?1_[0&NVGAGPSX%\/R6;0RB:VLKJ!B9$AAN!MDAR?,+.$0@@_+@@E@*Y/\
7'&GF$*9 S953D'C 8D*?!?C-^V!

2



NU@ZJ^.6() [Y8Z%=

/M%U;6OC9%



:&2.$JTIM2NUK=)W7-




MT UTUF]O;:#;?97)BD0//(S!EV[25(VY(V_*-O'( T/$FC:QX!U#2S?Z;9Z6

V]@



M$'B7QY\0O$ZZ)=2:;X
\0:3::;K;7]IJ



'/


13;/J%PIC62

K



M@VK&T:(JUW_@/7(;?PMI=A9^&]#&'ANO

M(%X!E&3[ $X ZCI7S;\3_%^H^(M3M];T35]4M_WA.]TVXN/[-EQ)K3RO'/
XN&-U9V'^D,!;&9YX4E4B&

KN#LD[-WLFVVGJU

$FJ
U=M\:? <
'[;_BZ=



?F&X#/ .3G
M]AO&7Q)TW]L_]@/XN?%9?!\:R)X4CNM%L[^)9KE(;8)?.F[;PLDD:] 
B-2P
MSD#\M_!W[7BZA?7=CIWA^;16A$7VF6
A;=N74)!M0$%&!)4XV]ZX\TJ8SR



MN+*Q)1M)!]JOF(7 \UE



M&6  W
3X[XHU:..XU2ZN&?;NDD8H
LV6.


$D?V9O&WPW_PK/P_UK5)K/4M'&@Z_(LL





NL:OJ9UBPD

==V[)+Y'V?XA^


T4E\5C_MR1 K7L8!RMMNR%9\
M,P4/@(Z%OEGX6^ M#^(^MZ;J^AMXK\3PWEQJ8UZ^NK&X*ZS%=BW#HT2J+95?
M[':H\DA4M%R+_K24]G\+_LXZ.[:H_BG1?!X\)7MHVER^&M
@
49@908XY70
M@[C)''A(UB Z'S


][+;7E5U?SM=]SO\ 7/&-O\;:;2=!T&3P_%)!$ZVJ!/+R3
-V02
DDD\


MR.17SW^U?^T'H'BGX+:AXDOM0&B0WS6^B75MJ;K;7=LL\SJS%=WRM]G=I54D
M.H W!7#*M?\ X)Y?%[6/$_BCQU+-X;GT&;2?#PF@M[6PN8T=9;@O9&50@$


K1:4):J]E=:[=;OM]^IE'B#-
3G4
#0JQE2D
MUTC=QY;W337H^QZCXW^*:V7Q5^('BS46_P!=J]U#&I/W1$YAC'X*B_E7YQ?M



M]$8Z;HX/DH[I).W1)6/

MFT'7H9(=(UC0KC3TO8Y(YI9II4\C:UNA\W \R



MGZ%J4+SW
LMM



M;9(8VBB7&^4D9)&X@''%.^/WQ1T#XC?#^&ZT6X%Y'H\C37+M'MFQY1+%CCDG
M() )ZY[C/SKIPTWQ%/Y8YO;26.1HI+KR9-1D5E*_*!M8+)G\?*.QKQ\#0Q

M-:=I



MZV7

M9VR)!(I


MJ_O;C^3-;_@D!^T%K'Q$_;2L/#/C#P_#HOB;0M+U57B9!NB9=*G&05)!+(01
M(K%71UQGDT5[-_P3X\/ZAH_[47AY=1O+#^UI/#NL3WXCTG2;2YU!1:SHDTK6
^[W/OS]JR
M_N[ZU0V<EC%))<:6C-=2

QZA=
OFRVE

MC^[FJ_Q8L;.+P]&L
D_M;Z3XGLXI++






X#(D4MJ05R2TC@XV\\/IOQQUY?BCI^O







MC 8UDA9U#0QK;0 #RY'*PPJ64*RO[1JG[:OPSB\+7']N^--?BAM+?RKJZU:9

NJU.



JHQ7L(+1





MAOK1;B/)R4W $H?]I3E3[@U]ECJ
?@.2
M*JN25KK5[IM.UK;Z_C:Y]Q?#WPE::GX+\+:?J&GZ?J%F8YYY([N
2+_J2ORJ


M[/PQ\

@R8UX))!!S@9/Q2_:A^&

M
8JY!IXG'*_O%_*N.&1T_;*O5J2;79N*^Y/\6SPZ=&-+#?5J:]W?6S;VZM7W


MNX^#WQ_T[7-;N+RYTS4!)8ZI/
[3


M%=%\(Z7;WUG-X@22VA%O.DD=FN^]9I$4H%#
UG+R06!E7!VHJCP'X
_'+Q!\


MQJ6F^']



MR10EBLC RO$H496*9@)2-WDR 8P2/G_XG_%2ZTWXY:UI7ANUL?$7B31Y8])D


MR]^^R/RROQQG5%MUL3:.UK1TD]KZ;+_AC[B\/?M:^'_#EZTWB;4&L[QH':)6
M9([9$4



\

MQ2+/&I^1;8.X#%6_TD'E,B&^\6:GXZCM]'UCQ)HU]:7R26-VFE11EH?]'F



MW@?PU:QS27FF:%I


M^FFZ1S/[
%C%)NCL9EC=3SC:\JL-P*DH
M 01D'Z



M]E.KQ17@3CD*\D ?@X^98%;U 8 \@U^QUE^U3X^U3Q;K^I:'-I^GR2%()HI



]
57L(B) Q7Z^]=5X;MH[V_ACDV#=

MJ[58S1DAR!\H_2NGM-/;RPVT
6Y&:\RM6:9Z6%HD.GZ;'&
^6Z\#J015BYTO

M:7Q%X?\ #^MS:.MR]G);^*M$$-S+*SHLCJUU'M9+?Y

JY)VMI;]4_PO1#KS_@F!\6&T^:&/[+<*
MUI)%96\OC/3H[:SD:X:;]X1=,6C*B%#&J;0L3!0JN5'<^&/^;WC^ZU^WO&_



ML_[2E+AG!^DB_2O
I?\ @@G\:O$.JMJ7BC[/XMU-OOS:AX^TMM_U)NB__C^*




]



MG^1]!A
TGAJD:D(1YHZ)M.]K;;GL/P__ &!_B!\._B_=^(=.N-/L;=K*YM%

C+L5=QY(7GGE

M 


end







begin 644 a2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 L17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$Q  (

$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S,O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ S $] P$B  (1 0,1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @,$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P,! 
%

MA87&!D:)28G*DJ-#4V-S@Y.D-$149'2$E*4U155E=865IC9&5F9VAI:G-T

M @
1! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC
U+P%6)RT0H6)#3A)?$7&!D:

MA(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3
MU-76U]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_:  P# 0 $0,1 #\ ^@;&?[5%
M-)*[ ),R#!Q@I]T'_/5_P S5#21_H%U_P!?#_SJ;%
19W0?\]6_






M22

M)\;66F6AB^SS%=X9




MW?E


^M(;2+WH^U+_=-)]J



JD/'C&*\P


^QABH/&

M_P () 
_K3/B
 OQ T@J
$LN3^-7?A7IUY8ZEJ9N[6


@;=Z&F$'T
M/Y59W49IFG*52I]/TII!]/TJYFDR* Y44F!]/TH@!^T9QQBKF*
 =*5@4;
=
MFC--Z49]*HHE!XIZFH
T]6Q0!/6?:_\ (P7_ /UQA_F]7E;-4;88U^_/K##_
M #DI@0:/Q97/_7P_\ZLU7T?_ (\[G_KX?^=7
4T2R*HY\F!]O7!Q4SCTIE-J

 T1QJC
5XW=:Y84%%H6MRC:Q(E

JLBX840C%WCV*1)&/D&..*DQ4

M\$XU2.[BMA=($*[


=\
$)V2!P!^.:GVBO8?O?(NMK?FS)%96LD[LNX@D+M'OFG7&J
MS12)##9-+.5W,@< */K6:UG=OJW<T!N
Q[6$


MW))V9?

&RV32B0CKFN7ZW9ZQ&FFC2\P4OF5063W-*;B-.&E4


M'^;TP*^CG_0[G_KX?^=7
\53T?\ X\[K_KX?^=6Z9+%/-1L
4^FL
CB@0VE%
M93Z[<+YDR6Z&VC?:Q+_,?<G1PZA:+
BP


MX_*L2W\175O
JO;0AYV^7



M5AZ

UY_M)MZF4J2:
N3Q!;6:YEN4(]#UJ2WUM;U=T%M\G]]VP#5V/3+.+/E



M6SQ@?Q]C6GD'H:QX+U)8RL:L2O!)&W/X4^WNWRWFHT*K_$[#!ISPL.9N&GS-
M%7FMS5!IV 3_ /7K

+_9


XDQ_<FJ0:KDO

M5?



M74.

M2YB/51752Q%&?PU?O&W*6Z3* 











=.+52/)\CV#PAXKEO9O)OW#&4Y4^E=XW*GZ5
MX!X=O3!XBL8DW!=X!S7OJG

MO571W
LCW-S:2!G.?
0;ABLW5+QAJ#6^H1L8R_RR(


9R4Y6BEMYD;:I96HW2S!0.TBD5E2^(])W-C4]@/92 *VM1D








/B;3;C
42^Y I'M3O+;=@H1[@TY69CP=I]JF3<0S9KYW^R8O9G9&N

,\=J[Q#+*,BK-5+E6GF$
4]Q0]#&M55*/


@JN
M9)79L\5,.:::,\:N88@(I'$BGYMD3,/Y5J6^L/+7=61
=95VUP&J?$&^@+



MGQ!+?Z?@+#;(Z=:Y-U=HT_N!NU=$UL8]+N(]10YEBRH!Z&N/TVZ+V/EL)&
M=7(+





*_PZ
M*^9M U(SZI9L7WMYHR:^D&NUMM,$[]%C!_2C 0=-2C+H=NM3A-O8Y+5TGDO

-I5:L8P7S*.GWQ#$!H7G+<57M


MRQIQY


MX3VL\/4HT%K+5M]?(QC)N/NSU1ZS#K\
DB1B.968\97 K45Y6(*KN![@YKEX

+G(_&IX[2=9




MT'4IVB[
+;6K:X4 AHSCHZXK*\2:Q#':/'%*JN1_%P*? 7P5$J2[1T[T3QF7



94HQM:YW83U:=W6E^U[?J86OWT%WRQ2KD]F.*\YU&*)



 \U]#WR^;X=VKC+1#^5?
VGSM/J%O(QVK#*
C/4YKZ7D._P -
MJP.



MB=/E1)#DL?:N6-A6J*3NSQJV2U'5=7=^O_  #B;G1F-T^UXVVGDJV:COH7

%7=.

K#VKT6PN%EVE0I'O7G]I%%9ZW
M+B3RP_W&/0UT O(K(!C



MM:27273P1M
!Q)MY'XUY
,YV1\_AS4FFZ1
MJ'AZ\RS+7]G(?WJ ?.OO[UTD7B;2Y%YE=).\;1MN_+%=]7%SC)RPNJ?7K_P
M#6


M#&MBS.=9O/\ KA#_ .SUQ4*LIRDI[G6J:A%-;
ATCBRN./\ EN_\ZLF3'\)J


-V$*M11UU.



FO1H\F
M



MO7[=Y(?
:O96\.I1


MJ]/#N3BW)GJ4;N




GNPXKH;2\BE_P!7(K'V-9MI+I.IJ5MGA9QU]1^%


Y[78/%^N^(!IT:M:Z2S8:6



7










G]:[
:-$W5!^5*?#5K+
M]Z!3^%85

MDR=AV-;(.1UKBCHM]#T4-CH15NWU#4[+B2-I%]&YJI89WUB*G6J48?O&W\O\


Z2XEG&<IO;.S



:N&M[2 JAX+GM6CHNC?V39$'<QY8^]:8'.C)
MS[GGT*WML0YTT^5=;67R[FA?LNH-%%*64!LAD.*TK;1(8(=UG(Z2GDR%LEC


M1PU2O5YZJ/
QN



;@_(^.&%=--







]Q5R.UQVJE!E#8U'I5A%'I3DM\


9]*S

VW_/W??^!!H_X1FU_P?N^_\#18
M#8

BE4@I^1Q5#_ (1FU_Y^[[_P(-+_ 
(S;?\ /W??^!!H:3W

M:+('&+5FAUSH
C25J<4A4T=EZQU9CL&1<;:J
M_P#

M(W9*@_X1JV_Y^[[_ 


5J?\ -V__/W?
M?^!!H_X1NW_Y^[[_ ,#0J45L=E'T:M3C8J1Z#
IYC-6X]*D7_ )9T?\(Y

NGR+_  5(+*3^Y5;_ (1V#_G\
MOO\ P(-'_.P?\_E]_X$&G9!8MTD'\%.%K)_=JG_P ([!_S^7__ ($&C_A'
M8/\ G\OO_ DT606+PMY!_#3A X_AK/\ ^$=@_P?R^_\31_PCL'_/Y??^!)
MHL
TA_I2B)O[M9G_.P?\_E_P#^!)H_X1V#_G\O_P#P)-%@-3RF_NU#;_\


M0H5#Q ,$1@5&AD8%1@7&QXG(1L=)1T7&(N(B4H*2LL*QH@+S
O*C(G*BLJ
M_]L 0P$' @*0H4PL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@ _@&A P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$
M !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P


! 0$!
M 0$! 0$        ! @




7_/9_SI0(STF?\ .J[8
M IT?W:.47
3[$_YZO^=&8O[[?F:B-

M^+_@
?\ 
?/_ '[?_P)J]IGQ&\(:Q-Y5AKBR/\ W2&!_45\AW=G-V61@/I
M4-K?3Z?=)/ S(Z'((HBTQR31]RQ7%K.
Q7+

M_G4%)18+EC$?_/5_SHQ%_P ]&_
U7HS[T6Y8Q%_ST;\S1B+_GHW_?1JOGWH
MHL%RQ^Z_YZ-^9I?W7]]O^^C5;-%%@N6?W7]]O^^C1^Z_OM_WT:K446Y9_=?

M*L1?%;P3



3G_GK6NAFKGT)1110,R;8_P#%2S_]<!_Z$:=3+?\ Y&:;_K@/_0C3ZI$L
M2C%+13$%%%% !FGHV*9BE H#0EWY[4UCQFBD894T$Z'_$36?[
T*XEW8(4X
MKY4NKE[R\EGD.6=B237TA\6K-;K16A:1EWGJ*^=M2TN33)@'.]&^ZWK6DJ4U

AL
M5SQDX[




$&K=:F8N:
TE%

M=(


MS@5?MH(XX\4DGU')(X#QK927
9\I

QK481@VCTBBBBO2//







M@;&:]2CFB
0QCI7S-1WF[GU
(I05BO9PR!



M:Y



MK19)YHP'/%8-M/


KJV

[DW






M+DM-H;!P#7NWPPLOL?@V(Y8&1B2C?P]L5W0GS=4_0RY;/5#_ (GW)M?AYJ3
MX+J$'XFO!M


ME@N17RRT;07!20893@U]E^)P)K*1!SE3Q7RAXRT^2QU^?
956;(XKZ9K0_*X


M=U%6.K!*\[









MH?
!X7J*IV^L9X)K.I%QEJ73M*.AUBM'6E8
&T+6=O\ SP'\FKBQJN1UKH_#



M74^6\2CJVHPPQ%YI%1



A/K76


TF/H*XO3]5N'M8C;S+'


MB''(.XD =
?AUJMX O=GQ0L7^ZLJO&!Z#'_UJS)H6V=#3?#$AM?'FDR
=H^T







R&VM9I74[
M3BNGLD=$ /I5N+3EC08 I6C=*]2C1]FCR*U;VC&-(0O)K&U)1,IYS6K*
K
MBLR:-BW2MY:HYT[


7J*MH@6LE35[FKJ2M8H:G

T*8_\ 'Z\^C%1K

ZE^6R.16Y^U2-L;YAP!


M=R+^Z9BTA/&.N:\[TJ::\6-DB(08)W\''TK2UW7VNIK'PO92E%F.^Z8'D+_=



MFW(8$

^]


M/05YMX2UO5?$%]9V
&IR06SOF:

MI4N5W3/.K[6Q8^-]1TW'WPLRX^G-9^IRRWJD%SM/I7




X:.&0
40N
U7=.:L.

MQ'HNO8[PI_[/7+(@%=;X1XT37L?\\4_]GK+#O]ZBZOP
]+HHHKV#A

$W4I
M.HUJSU

_Q




RS2W\T21)P#MC

MJ4ZT80YI/4S]GS+71=S)FA;1K*.5(RT\VY1/CY4(ZA??WIVEW8U!EM[XYDZ1





H2INTD6\NO'1G7R31D8K
M'O-.BN)

MJS;.#T-69M*=;9FE))Q7GVI^*UT:\





MQ/)

M=+U7(R-RYQ]#7527%@[D_9R&*#+K(
\=_P!*P_A5:J-.U81_

MLO#R7!229%1/3;R:^DP[2II
_*

*HP/E' K(U2:WG\9:?IR@+'

MLFR\67


M4?\ %R.GH*\Z\:PM/XE0L
@1GC/7GI5C1=1\5^&+::#1].MK6:] 8.











8QFN6



2[EK:_5'):SLR_+=*BG)KFM9UM8D;#5

&QFN6M5GM%';0HP?O294?4GN;DGDDGI76Z# QC
M#.





MUN;1&
VB'83FJ*QM;3[6KK75MA^7M7
:E%

MC+/]T?K72:=;QPZ#K'EKC



2 *[9T8T:7+$

MP@2156





P
MQ


@6$I&O$0. 
@=*]EU?

MDI[;:O;=6.0;7=3C

#!0

MI;H)


MYZ.'AI(+J2,R6(#-5_-$CKCUI[P_NP%-52&MW#8#9-;7A3C=Z'T--)0L=9

KVE^;



T;6;M3&






M7?9'?7LJ&N[/3****]P\DQ5/_$^NO^O;^IKY+/B*.WAMQ]G\UH8]I5@
$COG


MK'T!-7+X_;K/5+2VDC
LHB9?G_UH &5'OFN#$-^[%K1[^6J_S/0P6-G@JWM8

MX7IUKD['PWOAM/M
ZMCL
MQF;U\96A7G:\=K+YF!\+W@T'Q!<7FM1RP.#Y
QDXR:]1N?'VDRV
JV3RO
\

._)]*ZR+0K(VZGR_F X; S712Q7
K(Y\9F%7


+56JY<MG)ZVV&2VVZ.L.ZT4

.
FN6;?9R9+ JQXQVKK)O-N8^

M-H4YQZUZGUF]E)6.?/





MBJ&XQ\XS]:)4VC2-:

M-7%A 7BJ$5XBCDBIQJ2=^?I63DBT6U)6DGFQ$XJK_:$3'KBG22I+0#FI;T
MT*C:^I0BD2:X+$]#4NI:U#:6VT

6D8D#H*^;

:




M:-#$)*#;EH:W@D2Z3I8NK@*]Q
OR;ARB=A711:O(7R54GWK%$A9AG XQ@=!5

1KA035G#%?





#UXJO ]W;6%W-=1W33[
MC848Z@'ZX_L:W^-UB8D1=+F7:



::A+HL*_;EBN'8L 6Y(]!7.Z;
M:7WVB$RVYV _
6:(\?@M=)I7DZDLFJ


UL:7&\D@24SR^\

?[RPG/'OBM9TJJ=X3^\[8UH

FFO;+XE?[C&3@WH_P RGJ7A+2;P;1+AL' 51R?R

MCD^M6ZJI.

7
MC*4J=H/4^T6%IR5IB_NY;U.K6_HM5/L7O2&R;L:\Z.*JQ6YSSRG3WB3S1
MV[CH*IM9P$\58M-,EN[Q858C/4UV5I\/8IH0S2R9[\UTT\1B)ZH\;%X/*L,^
M6JM3A3:1A#MSFI+36)K%5AVL5)QFNPU#P@FG0EHW;Y1GDURTAMOMAV7(-:O




K0KMQVX:JP_/%\K1T8B=.HN9/4]$HHHKM.$QX
MO^1BN/\ KW_J:\CM8[JX\N



;[?J?-YWAZ6(E2A.=F[V\]C#CU-HB]


6AO&;@&Y;%?
M





%L9I!Z@U+;Z?


HCC*KG:KD

H']:KZMHVI:9+YEV.1

M7)K=U_7[)-/MW
B[&M-7D
MDV=)<ZG)9![=[./$-NGR[L=NOI5U]0M_LUNMG;N+B0\F1GCCG S61J-W$T
ML[LZJ9K%=H)ZG-=%<R)%+H;RLJJ!R3Q_#7GRJNTK/M^9VJG\-UW_ -#1;JW
MDT\RI9+%
N5+J

MI+G[5X=9^XPK?4&LXU'.FFWKRZ?J9S@HU&DM+E*]$[7MO%.5(8!GVC 7)P
5

V9(W

EA:.7TG

#TK2?Y5^44PR;5P*K/.5ZUC

M\5LJK1KC%
:[


UYYX.M9[+Q



MSMN&/6K_ (C

M



MA[:Q+

/+





M*-DC:N[
;9%DBWM'8)M)7.#GM733PB671%DCWKCY@1D?=J);^11'_P 2^5RW


MX!&.


M(_+@XR

M




M2SOYR3?

















W.&8X&4./Y5XAXILIV\5:A+$!(DDY(V^





!=

C-6O[&AC8.H -7WE Z54FO-@Y/%=$*MU
M9'+[.



D5STLLS'$S:J).
=K[/5K]3FJ
M9C@L/'W'[TM[:M:+_(QM6E
5L?.*AEE*/CH*;I













1@XW?3WKNO!/B9)5CAO7&UCB.;IS_=;T/\




MU]

^F:3J& B7

MJS


M\B55)V:.WZI[2'=


$




:UHM5%Q.%.0F.:\^.*PC2=S5SKO=C18PINV(N!G#$5AZ=ID::E
O;@1Q


8)X




MAP@ZFK]EI-MJ
A6505[YJMIMFAMI !\X?]*L*LUJX




=F%*GO7



0FGSIU!P.AKTH:;JXSMN-/'_ &Z__7H&F:P.EQIX^EK_

_Z=9\]?\







#D'UJ9
M9-R< ]:[X:9JPZ3Z=_X_P#UZ/[-U?\ Y[Z=_P O_UZK^SY7OS?@8QHVZG


MGX_Z]C_C6GU)V^(N


/*
U)

end







begin 644 nbc.jpg

N
  X0DE- ^T

M   .$))30/U      !( ]F9@ ! &QF9@ &       ! ]F9@ ! *&9F@ &
M       ! #(    ! %H    &       ! #4    ! T    &       !.$))
M30/X      !P  #_____________________________ ^@     ________
M_____________________P/H     /____________________________\#
MZ     #_____________________________ ^@  #A24T$       $
M  $   )    0      X0DE-!!0       0    !.$))300,     !5U
M 0   '    !D   !4   @T   !59 !@  ?_8_^  $$I&248  0(! $@ 2
M_^X #D%D;V)E &2      ?_; (0 # @( D(# D)#!$+@L1%0\,# \5&!,3
M%1,3&!$,# P,# P1# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# $-PL-
M#@T0#@X0% X.#A04#@X.#A01# P
# P1$0P
# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
_\  $0@ 9 !P P$B  (1 0
1 ?_=  0 !__$ 3\
M  $% 0$! 0$!          
  0($!08' D*P$  04! 0$! 0$

!  (1 P0A$C$%05%A$R)Q

$!08'!P8%-0$  A$#(3$2!$%187$B$P4R@9$4
W
MQ__:  P# 0 $0



]7W_\ JEF^(XXR,(?K)''[F.6/]9
M4O5Z?0OAAG






M=-6OV_F^I6YEBN![7%S6D$L
. .H



@C

MZITVM[G
%%VVP[V18T



M7PT

':EQ<8_SUH6#U^ITU'5F.PVN'\I
MQV





QE8CC
M'RR]7NPX\7R#@CQ_K/1_G





M=GV%Q;D-]S -LOC5U.ZT.97ZK?9ZG^#5I977LS)PZ67!YJP]6Y%M;-UC)^C9
MJ'L9C_2]:ST]]:9DD(PE(B4J!]./7(?[G#^DMG\IW^GYO)?6&VO
'3V%]MS;


MA#'BRF

(^YC_K
MXLT


M+#&N.


I'CGD!(D!&/ICIP\


'#I+2*



8

[J4


]9ZB:7XE[SZCK2U]C  \
'MLJ9L#?S_ST






MFFQ@VET;@6'7;$M^BJN?GL


M(A*=1
]*<(?-_NC[S^G[?\ U7VV


?K




4AUF/3Z/

CL445UM;34UK




MRJWV

M1ACAZ(_+'+Q?N_X_ZO@_OMYE5@R*:+BX.NN?4/1V[6BM^QSK7V?I/T[&V^GZ
M3/T/^$4


*A
UE

QX/;]4/EG_ ('H=O%PL/#:6XM%= =&[TVALQQNV_21TDEK


M$
MTO GV_1T_-G]Y=KU'!


MW+S3[

6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%  $!   
2$QI

M                                               18W!R=    5

M A@    49UA96@   BP    48EA96@   D     49&UN9    E0   !P9&UD
M9    L0   (=G5E9    TP   &=FEE=P   ]0    D;'5M:0   _@    4


9U120P  !#P
M  @
8E120P  !#P   @

I(#$Y.3@@2&5W

MA   ML]D97-C         !9)14

N8V@
M     !9)14

N8V@
M                                    9&5S8P         N245#(#8Q
M.38V+3(N

         +%)E9F5R
M96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$

M         0                        */     G-I9R      0U)4(&-U

 *  M #( -P [ $  10!* $\

M 

@$X 3X!
M10%

M ?(!^@(# @P% (= B8+P(X D$2P)4 ET9P)Q GHA *. I@H@*L K8
MP0++ M4X +K O4#  
+ Q8#(0
M S@#0P-/ UH#9@-R WX#B@.6 Z(#K@.Z

$( 0M!#L$2 15!&






*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
M
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X




M)4YN3K=/ $])3Y-/W5 G4'%0NU$&45!1FU'F4C%2?%+'4Q-37U.J4_940E2/






(*2

Z)

NB\Z4;IT.I;

\QGSI_0T]


M     0
 $ 
 P8               #_VP$  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$ @( @( @( @
# P
# P
#
M P
! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( 0( P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# __ !$( *$ M ,!$0 $0$#$0'_Q #Q
M   !!0$!  






M;7(C?J#W
JVHFJQK(G





27/7
M3;N$=J_%B;6P:K8








_GP[W]]

/1\JU
BN13Z9*;E)G;E
ML\QA

RD_OBY7#Z@
%(C/SZV1TSNY9'?$TVSF1H2.++AR;/S:_\\!+'+U<0
MUTL$



MWZ9_E1?AD#W(CFWFB0L=KQE )S-A%*UCJB=I02B@GJZ?

ESSG[[?3IUX\
MIBW+*([0/


I@


MH0Z=I=!#\VJ!]3%=5U%$T)R\9%#LY'!EKXD=R:CF5E,#R68K9/=[
5EC

MNL6
4@5F F

&&JD5-C38663QT/P(


MG'&O-S^ETW=9DWI












K
F@4-LI
=&


?)(.1VLS#7@
MPRF:FR_*[5R$6=K^@%1Q? B=;9U]W6^@AR\QS+:^ML:,7)Q63D]C:(6<=FI
MCJ+]?4V:Z'#$5;7]?\1/)AQRI22'MX21%XSGC0%F7H+;0[],(/'=:HP$SV.
M5GR=VZM;4#.)774RHDVB0W]

M(()(







P_K60
ME+-1G,G,(,\9.C'<6R(9 MG%JG 1=N4%AW396-P==;6+W:J5C(1F7%FQZG^

H0A'VUN=O;KCEP^AKN'NF66N\B0/)'5V^F^.FR(6;L9


MCQEV*K(VO9(8S?\ M(]S#+$/^%.:PYHX!7N9NFY


Q(H3_378?+E5L@JC


MOT(!+37\XQ[H2:U/TKF&ELNQ-90
@(B91WC
&#5QV1VME?6/
&IDV^E16RZ:

B/E4KERDAEE)1.5RP'X
M+8NKOT@AJ6_:9)7U-6D;CCM6(A8HX*2[M



M8=&!EE4K9KSV=];&.C49=1V:7HK6J H+3P
AI7/IUJ@M


MAV649[K--5_3[[/9M)*D]!7

M.J]7E:$Q;B!(P=UL'7G#S+#

.2$BR0T:.G78H[:H23

M01U5]X2MH'9YU)AI5P\O:CM *MFV4\M7D'(=

/4:J


M%/-8#)P7

M0LJQN!JC*0=5++Q9\K8NZLU/M]*0D@2_-




M'R#0&2Q6NAL0A8[:#[60=






4:-#K3I
X 2/12]J?[

\

MVD+


M;(LN




6L@)+RF3IZ2E=;

G

ML5F=*8509+

M4(HZ=.LLZCTU77TX6U-(;&'QV2




S
M%.:_BC/U(RU[5B:6O6$4GOB4QAFAC/\ JT CT'M'$N1Q-8-NW$!IH-![I(]-



A12/19'D34Z\M3'I]@/'




]JTP^SJFGE?3X:Z?#C
M?6*P73'XPP^X#B


MTX!*QQA2P5Y8]?
7E&?3]2F

_;CB2'HJ
M=V1@ BJIM679F]-04+$GT0GC'YG&RF3'6H5EB8@KU1N.I6T8 @
-0.1_9O
M8?
4H[.+M1/%+%(H9)(W4JZ.IY%64D$'U!X3
[-I2S^'\[:(HR %S2L2'4X^
M=N?H3K5D8ZRQCH)



WF2%'/






/:KU


MUT^'&T

8R
$AF9%:U=D64QUH=$2*662
M06#&1TQ]M7892?-^54W#5R$;I7;%SAZ4,VO0;*]J62.:6%AIJYT4@KT%O2:_
MNGR1;S&UWE648Z#N5J-ED/Y;W8A*RV.G0?E,.@D:.&4=/QQJ%10  .0 'H

N8ZT%6M)

/ N%VU3P
MWBO
[DHK-6*):N3UZ]A+
CSV)%*1%8X2^E:-&0C3O
-=3!7([%:KR ] )9'=


!

M?$FU=Q^7

M.T;KKR/2Z%6&HY'0C7B2:=B\S
69F)9F8^K%CJ2Q^))U/V\


MR417H8YND

M1%&K

M)/7D$D;%3HPZAZ
IY
IT(/(@?L9;9N^

M 
K!@#QF/

KALC9+Y;!L*^I.K- Q4PD^I.


S2.+

M0E(UQJQ]P4


G026)F]L:D\
ME'-W/M16/+C8V%S.=Q[X/

M 6OY?+;@S5F$@BN3#5@FT!

A8

MW'=NGH5?)/EK==Z:WA=MX:.(NQ+S/8F2K!&68])EE50'10QTY \;DR.YL
M=/NCZA-S6?E\)BJBR2P[?H13+[TCC(CBFEMJS@R2)T/+T(6;BEM?=5A3N:]



MS1


F06*1P\H [CA'10




M6IGD@J$]4
MT%4G\A;1!*?




MSG.OC
BMJ1=-1+%TN'@;[%D(4M]H73^+CM5X%547HAC70 (J@:GX)&NA.IY:



M5S0! L
K33J#ZA)9B[IKZ'H(U'+]AY7/M4:_?^X#XD^@'J3RXN[DMQ!=_9-4
MA0D!C6

ME)K_ 


M$!(5*\*J'D/HD:R6V)8\O:0-3H.








MH.0+ D#EKIQ8NWK
D]V5R[R2
SR.YYEG=B69B?5F))^WC9%;9NW[V3V
*%S#



#8F4:]3E4.D::N^4^66%F.G2S #HY )H-3H !\.1Y



3Y%V_Y?C:LZ@$PU




TD:%2
MRJ%Z ?;I_)N[S!'N'(8_:MN



MZ6&-WC]T;NT+QLP0^Y06*:Z-H2 1B_&?CW:XH;6R&=BR#0&6:760M!'#*6F=




MHJ]V2:3J!ZBD8$**K%G )9%ZCQX\H[!P5J#;^!JS#YBW&D5F:6SVB\0C1Y.B


268GXDDDD_$GC?N+211E5RX





\C:EC]@  KVHX$E[3A
M@8VU/(_8=#Q%(R%6902#R()'

3L4UR$B59<=/'!*T2
MRQ36F@L'J]70D=D#X2$:<;9RFW
-7NYC*V)8$L7&+QTV2
.KI5C12.PZNG
MJ8*I7F'].+VX-[9&6]G;!UDG=M2?L4)R6-%')4CHHY*HXZX]2#Q)N78V5%:
M^\?:E21!+#/%J&Z)HFY



IG4+61AZ%:X+*Y!]#

-N##6(Y#/75S WL*CX!#Z:

5K=2P\-V&19(Y$.CQNAU5E/V@






P\!F*Q23+^6L<
DD2RL_0)58KK;%)Y$NUI3%9K
MS1O!:JS#\4%JM*J35YE^



MRA5KT;OK_O9(GY+))K'B=DY*S0\3UNALUG(EZ)(PZA_TC&%UT.8E0@69I&(
MB8R3+\VT$)HX#Q_@H\7XSW1@8K=&K$(8+^*6''Y.-2Q+-)8@;'79&=FDFGD
MM3R%G9W

HTXM[DR^5?;.^8*K11Y^H\4%






M!XZ]EMZXK=6=H0XS'5I[]]XZ^7N+7/RM5))(XVKF$K+
(H50J6D5=3QXGS/D
M_8=+;VW3D+U6G8N)9S %.BUPS3P4^[2J)^!C7;$^KZ/%#IK_-XB
)DK]
M[)66@@BI5VLRM(L




[5^^C3T;\
3Q&*194;N1-U1
 5/VJ1J#_2

M
WN/8&.QD

M/+7CQYXM7
)\<[

M+.]IWM/.T\*RM)-)8
CRO(7+.7)YDCT XIE\5#4QT:ZP5(HUBC122VIC0*J@

M'QNO2QC/&1W7Y0GJV\^8I

3S]D7;A6-!



I*LK*0RLI(8$$$@\
/OX




M?LZ9:.1Z& @G4:]O7)!AE-QYWF)0?5?U&=[$$9_\ HU6KP ? 1 ?#]K8^
M2S^Z,MC]B?-_*9$T;'RS1K;*Q5KCOTL1'6L]M9_0O-)*QTAY^.MO7*VL=;&



P6VZW99W3!X.H6J0


]7]V(MZZ0+J
M1PD4*!84 55'HJ@:*!]P  'W?LR9/.Y6M2QR$ RSR)%&?0%W*KJ?0#74GD.

GD\GD
Q<OIA(H\%C*6/JP
MAIK=FRE#6&)2= \DA2..1U7&;.\.;0QMB0PEX
QNA6RN.K3DE+V3Q&+H6E2
M


0T'(#
MCZM_JUQ/L\E;OH6L!@;()
E319 ;;Q5V/./YG(37

MN$@A2#:&(V]M:&[U?ZLRU\1EI;

6J^8S


6EGS6[+QM7
M+


@]T*WFITL%#$V@GB

2M)(\P1 6(!
MJYJG7GAAE:13'
H26-XI7AD1U#

MO;'D:Z_ZF8K

MR-&@R$*ZK7R
M5F%@$:+JQGTV[A

65RF!ED.H
N&CI

MZFIS'B_]06[8$GQ'C_;=Z/%QM^!+KTVS&Y
AT^@M6K%B+$K-IUQ5JDZ(P6S-
MU_3MY




ME-PT8)8K-C:FW12CHPU






Q
MM5(



[@Z1

MO\ ^B[8M_R)G
]:O7MP6+5JW6QM

4*I&EE BZ.F/W%G*F8M%GOSU;]VO^H3

M=4K_ 
;MP+]/ 5DNB0N).@




M9%8C*[
EQ60;?]&_8I6
76@;(W%LU6Z+QC&?.0688GU1KE::6F&!0SAU91D
MZ1JVZN6HS*S5M5YJMJO(4615FKSHDBAXV5XWZ3'(A#1LR\_V*3V'FKY6I+W
M:ENN_:MTYP-!-6F )1M#TNC!XID)CFCDC)4U?!V5%7(;WIW*\[7JC(L=@2=5


M5VU(!XGCVMMZK1$FG68DT9]/0



M[X\*Y; ^0\I#7?TLE:H=C*-9R-+%B-;V+LY2*6K;R-
78'4V(HITEBBF0D
MC9FT_('ESQYM;9F0$AR&0HQ6[%JFTDT=;&T




M%3)7;
B0*ZU8I'5@8QKN_9?T\U\+D?)6U-DS;KWMN;
U!:GOA(Y98



MV*U?KKUZ=2MVZ=-A8BKB:P(8QO;RD
1-0P^22G5H0SH8[+TJ*S=%NU$P#0RV

+5B6622QD[N27N2%C@-
MF^%]@6
2

M[
=2E42TF3L1W;4(QN-N6\OD





M)3


MH-*JO;=IKG;2%ZI?;7AC

TTN4L940)'%'%7?)07K
MC111HLLED.W6QZSX8V]++\Q)M+'2;ISLY'4TV7R
-BIC$E?XRV+-O*9)E;W=
M502D?F*3Y6W5D!W
=MJOE(ZH/
1G%08W 0
/AKW[V;D!Y$-*=.?/CZS_  W*




'N#;)A.Z
3
\D

4J&.S4



M7JASUQ-C520K(I J[!W=@Y


MCJ6/1X)HRR21/-%

5JO-=KW=W9+(S&J



3L


MC'!8G=FW

M$&[+D5=OMQN$;]$QX7_


M)P;FW!F5JT



A;B6


M5V_N'+5G937KQTI
4M*^(V:&*C/7L4[M2.4I++/V95MEGW-LS9.Y9K.7W0

M3KX/W/#Y#V/$D.+W'DXZ6#K/7E=6R=.Y3
MO)VL;?(

M%D4N 'TY@'4 _'0Z#4??H-?L'['C79DB=6/N9%[EE3S5X
9'\RL;#XJ]PU.H




M3D#VB2Y
% $A''C?;=I3^H5L/32;7U-AH4:PS?YS3O(S'XL2?CQY=^H/;WE*

MO'P]N2W^GU

SH+!A5Y%7%QQ0RCL2%J\S6KE8

Y?77H'%'REX0V'7H[K\?O/


?:[JOJPXVMOVM T


MG37KUX^BU!)G[L0

M '
CCPMX?_XS[;D\@1XN+YBO\_7[DE^R3//$K]?;DL=UV#0HYEZ@04U'%7Y;



M]?4Y*;%32M3MI+9L+8=4BE6.N8#% SR'6)
;NFMA+5.&YG9I*ZV1W[D$E+*4


+N
87;V.P^





[1NXR!S^$6X[1L21 ^G


LTT
61L
\T\D$+2&J)86D

=E(1*5C



[
QUX@O7@]':^H+3
-))1K^&NI]=?0RL.A





H

MCD(BLQ .8WIO#$36/

A;


M7U^E7=/B+R+CLSV



KT

@6TGORPF$&J.])NC?^\YHJFV



=9:K;@@I:T\9$)5U]MF]/-.T4BO#.F/:.6.2

YU;Y D1G#Y^Z2;
MV6:?)2$^O7DK




-9\@R?GS]IJZ-''/.S6MM7*$?Z)+7[!B0!%6+I
MZ56
+IV^V .T4T

MY?1@H?
=OI!C@&MQ6R-FCG*-I+5*[6?MVZ-R+4PVZLNAZ)8R2&#1RQL\
R



P-G94MG44]IK;V!F:7-6=Y=7M&U9?'7V]E
M7O







DQK&%4PXE:T<*4Q,1 BLBRO.L.



M'*\FW5:
/*IRU!=[GRN8GOJ #6]AC:=9SD<<X06#B]


(36'%LIP +K[ORN^##9D9(1




-'$1197@^LG=6A6EC98RLDV#EK(D



M(_FATS


M-(;HJ+ZI%Y8%/[C[G*D7/HG
F




X^\^BF1+_4
M2\_CZZ\SE

69.
VT\85+6F2LO?=L1&S

M5GY&VQ3DVW1)$_



_#N)DJ9H(K]NV\Q(GDXRRPM2_%(!^%5

]E4U-C<3?B*XO]?V?-8CNO2ACMLM#(:I3^)!; 0 61%$1$]===9U
M3;+4'8S.Y=O[<?!IURGJXT.5*1.$_-
E-FZ2_52-5_'^&3IMWJ\YC
Y$-MN


!U8S@FB^)KAJ



M8U).11X^9%Z]S






Q&O)/J+7'KK/473A



T%:2K(O=%
M8B_:0(P.2I*\BT!'P*Y7M;$);#F-?$ERZQJ
M]KBJK=C[RFU$V-85Y./?;28UA7NMJB&8%X^0D0JBK_!HNN]O6,VE!HH2L.
M:&
FNGLF
BJO*J4RXS*KKNCL6FI4.4PXV_'D- 8&)(B^M3T%WVC%?W-UK!*P




MF/UU?\A@*K\:F2JO JOK$9)J'*^6]UF=K)#11)#8MMO6L?[D7-M #CA4X54
M7WX]'V=;/M

F6E'X_(B]DL=OD.K9.?


M/6Z+RBL:\7!O;:AHE][NXC7QU$1[(T4%@R.1*#RE(B_&R@O.!SBNF\K(D3X.
M6@NK-M9?(OW-Y92';[M58\S&S



M#1RNMJ^2('RA%&%F

\ZB?&
Z::
MMB(D1G[\HG BHCRO'*PLJ

#-QK9G:DXI(2O._Y9228:%7G/*/'$5)?=


54-PT;.T@K)J1=Y I*&)EE?=<7C]DU26BTFAJ[2HM\YH<[

FOAD-&AM&8^_P#!746=W5CUIV#B[UO8]=[:
MLC0W7:K2Q(DB
/_7[?[_6:NHK01J78S8EVX2(@
1YL

L)$C-?^9G&R(^


&QH3!)INU(;'0VD!7%063B+8/0ZIR:2\H*.Q7&_JOBOLBZNEWWGV/JW8D
M*=UXZ]#@4RE*?D/QK6/J9M1#BQ6Z.L'XI . Q]TXI*P/DI39
EVQ?TDQ^44
M)@



M^


MH[$SL:P:J'6*[/



MDF1_=4B+\OK=-]053_9#4G6:3#T#7RUN56-+M9+[$C]0D- Y);)MQ%X 47C
MU)L+79L8NFCL/2I89FM.U%BM@3CBN7
X@


\U TE8R2JT
DP\V)\0353&'-02X%57P
53E4X

M?T\6'/U-H0M/6];(?E.
I15TEQKXD;%&/
I )N(:GCP2+^O6^@NZZ[5G;
M[.(S9OK9JGXT



IYDWM.PF
M-YK&UC4@WXU@T4FJ?CRKOF\AH*]OU;F8H,WUSUYKJ2GZMAXG+,T&&IZ=3F


M(^R:;@?XHU)-K\#4*)%$0#D2



MD16G7$%$Y
V6T]U]UX]=GZ&I4FY%[2

%X(Y141?;TWO:NKD)PG5]3#EF#*N$Y;#

BK_ #X3UV+D-5#G


M2%PSCNT8L
 :9M*:\!#J-=$C#Q\

X+GG$IGFZ*&

M0'E5Y]^$Y7U.U5E.A9NA





M M-


Z;&QEKA+&9%BSJ35
U


B%-



@_J


MGG^9PU%$3A$YX7T.VS1A)HVI#

&B/VY$B'GV7A53F
M.XZV
BND.-
SHN$BOKHM)E+7L?IJ+W)2
MK6SDQ7#@U1QUD0W+*1]T;$GXD-U6TX:WEYM
!TGU

MM-8X+'0
S/W;.3Q6RR)8ANNUMD+L!]F4RS.NI


NVPF0XDZNT[U:QK+69$DLMR(LZ+I=Y<V1M2F#$Q-M]!
514]N/0-M


]N=F';7-M6;^X;KH/8V@ORL-BF.SL-
]?




M[1V


M_E2=2VK#

:;%G
FZTW
M\H(GDP^K


M23.F(B!)E0T!O^VP)N:#30&7.
W6N.LOB/\ X








=$(?M3T%+LWHA?

M@D5P

66XXORW
MN/!ED!-]]PD;;$C)!73]A9:'8
]=TC4?$=:1IP&VW48BHD/*W9SPY)MBRT$^
M2].=90B(#D(WRJ B^M/N?W 8R+867:&*M


)B=6
MP#CMN(!N2I



MKMA808#:#RKDV7'B@B?S\GW 3TX@6C^BFM\J
.@860!&//Y3L'E8@-CS]50S
MX_DOJ14YX@Q-(^!

=X% U
S=PU-S&WZ]I).S@O'#E!)KK&(5*DBQB\.,@XC,Z(RZV8HA(JIR
MM.S^Y+7=OZ:A@O ZS_\ V72O8[&U/DJ<MK*F\];NNJ/U^WK2<+Z*J)[^J?4
MZH879W8=2;4JL-^J;@8C
SVE;-F92YYXY3ME;17!56YT]QT@)4-IE@T1?3L=




*/M_GM3U

P%U 7@3)%11516-ANI\E7





-F]%5*W6XA#.;2=E.(/Y5K*C
LG)LFTX1+EDHP\D(HN-Z+I&/


MHBJ*JBBJBOX*HJJ?ZO\ )&W;M#6.;*'02LM%TI16UMX^=FSXUI+IFIBI\H0'

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 28
 2018
Jun. 22
 2018
Oct. 27
 2017



















































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



618
240

























  2018






































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017











864


372





360


319





920


355





823


275





967


321



Property
 plant and equipment - net

807


150





145


145





615


615





298


752





832


983












853


100





718


017












670


206





502


087





220


072










Common stock
 $.01 par value - 75
000
000 shares authorized; 50
650
784 shares (2018) and 50
616
134 shares (2017) issued








358


638





824


928





601







440


618





832


983

















Preferred stock
 $1 par value - 1
000
000 shares authorized
 Series C - 150
000 shares issued






Treasury stock
 value

100)


100)



Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]













Treasury stock
 value

900)


900)




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

650
784


616
134










Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Treasury stock
 shares (in shares)

000


000



Treasury Stock
 Common [Member]






Treasury stock
 shares (in shares)

032
544


032
544

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




734


918


785





599


841


348





135


077


437



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

947


600


384














502)









489


825


705





715


780


507





774


045


198














774


045


960









































598


564


452





921


770


671



























































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




774


045


198



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:










227


110
















205


203







979


248


915







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income
 after tax
 from changes classified as other.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























Beginning and end of year (in shares) at Apr. 30
 2016

000




589
000








000


033
000





Beginning and end of year at Apr. 30
 2016







570


733


807)


100)


900)


152



Beginning of year (in shares) at May. 02
 2015



000


418
000















Beginning of year at May. 02
 2015







759


773


524)













000)

























791)



















000

































































528























198








198























































































Beginning and end of year (in shares) at Apr. 29
 2017

000




616
000








000


033
000





Beginning and end of year at Apr. 29
 2017







638


928




100)


900)


618



Beginning of year (in shares) at Apr. 30
 2016

000




589
000








000


033
000





Beginning of year at Apr. 30
 2016







570


733


807)


100)


900)


152



















































000
























































































045








045













850)












































110






110
























Beginning and end of year (in shares) at Apr. 28
 2018

000




651
000








000


033
000





Beginning and end of year at Apr. 28
 2018







358


824


601


100)


900)


440



Beginning of year (in shares) at Apr. 29
 2017

000




616
000








000


033
000





Beginning of year at Apr. 29
 2017







638


928




100)


900)


618



















































000












650












































































774








774













878)












































227






227

























































Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.

























































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount of increase (decrease) in other comprehensive income
 after tax
 from changes classified as other.













































































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016













774


045


198














226


834


056







358


299)



Loss on disposal of property
 net























528














041)


273)


095)





565)


433)


998)





437)


205)







753


709


495







457


726





721


267


483












Additions to property
 plant and equipment

974)


015)


140)



Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment










911)


987)


024)














878)


850)














Repayments under credit facilities
 net





000)









000)














318)


485)


338)





492


795


121





372


577


456





864


372


577























737


901


473



































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
 and obligations classified as other.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







and
 as a result
Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar manner

2018
206
219
The estimated fair values of derivative financial instruments are calculated based on market rates to settle the instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we would receive upon sale
All long-lived assets
 subject to amortization
be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
Our effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed

We maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain liability
 medical and workers&#x2019; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 April 28
 April 29
 2017
 million
 respectively
 for estimated non-current risk retention exposures
 April 28
 April 29
-in
 April 28
 April 29
We are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
2018
 March 2016
09
). The updated guidance simplifies and changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 April 30

 April 29
 April 30
 2016
 April 28
 November 2015
17
 April 30
 2017

 April 29
 February 2018
02
 January 27
 May 2014
09
 August 12
 2015
 April 29
 expected to have a material impact on our financial position
 February 2016
02
 requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 April 28
 August 2017
12
 April 28
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
We recognize revenue upon delivery to our customers
 allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts
We offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers that require customer performance or achievement of certain sales volume targets. Sales incentives are accrued over the period of benefit or expected sales volume. When the incentive is paid in advance
09



operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
Shipping and handling costs are reported in selling
2018
 Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies
We record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which includes an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&#x2019;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on our experience with past due accounts
 April 28
 April 29
 2017
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management&#x2019;s knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
 actual results 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment


Apr. 28
 2018






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
PROPERTY
Property

 April 29
9
9
56
51
194
172
260
232
(174
(167
Property
85
65
2018




































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







 April 28
 April 29
9
9
7
8
5
2
6
8
29
29
017








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







 April 28
 2018
 October 3
 June 18
 April 28
 April 29
 April 28
 2018
The Credit Facilities require the subsidiary to maintain certain financial ratios
 including debt to net worth and debt to EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facilities)
 and contain other restrictions
 April 28
 2018
 







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







 August 4
 January 27
 January 25
 2013
400

 April 29
 2016
120
 million plus accrued dividends. In addition


 per share
 April 28
 2018
502
1
097
The Company is a party to a management agreement with Corporate Management Advisors
 Inc. (&#x201c;CMA&#x201d;)
1994
 of those public entities
 through a merger
 longer was managed in this manner. Under the terms of the agreement
 CMA provides
 subject to the direction and supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company
 (i) senior corporate functions (including supervision of the Company&#x2019;s financial
 legal
 executive recruitment
 internal audit and information systems departments) as well as the services of a Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and (ii) services in connection with acquisitions
 dispositions and financings by the Company
 including identifying and profiling acquisition candidates
 negotiating and structuring potential transactions and arranging financing for any such transaction. CMA
 through its personnel
 also provides
 to the extent possible
 the stimulus and creativity to develop an innovative and dynamic persona for the Company
 its products and corporate image. In order to fulfill its obligations under the management agreement
 CMA employs numerous individuals
 whom
 acting as a unit
 provide management
 percent of the consolidated net sales of the Company
from time to time award additional incentive compensation to CMA or its personnel. The Board of Directors on numerous occasions contemplated incentive compensation and
11

2018
 April 28
 April 29
 2017.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







From time to time
 we enter into aluminum swap contracts to partially mitigate our exposure to changes in the cost of aluminum cans. Such financial instruments are designated and accounted for as a cash flow hedge. Accordingly

9
(5
3
( 2
6
(3
2
(2
(6
1
(1
(2
1
(1
(4
5
1
 April 28
 2018
 million and
 change in the commodity prices
 April 28
 2018
 million

 2017

 thousand
 thousand
 which was included in prepaid and other assets
 accrued liabilities and other liabilities
 respectively. Such valuation does 







The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







55
54
32
1
(1
55
55
31
 April 28
 April 29
2
4
3
5
14
15
2
2
17
17
14
12
State income taxes
 April 28
 2018
 If we were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 million. A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits
 which amounts are included in other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
1
1
1
1
1
1
 April 28
 2018
 December 22
 2017

 January 1
2018
elapse before an uncertain tax position
 for which we have unrecognized tax benefits
 is resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our unrecognized tax benefits reflect the most probable outcome. We adjust these unrecognized tax benefits
 as well as the related interest
 are subject to examination. Generally
 the income tax returns for the various state jurisdictions are subject to examination for fiscal years ending after fiscal 



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
4
800

 (ii) stock appreciation rights
 dividend equivalents

800
1
680
be required by law. Options generally have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant
1
800
be granted for such consideration as determined by the Board of Directors. The vesting schedule and exercise price of these options are tied to the recipient&#x2019;s ownership level of common stock and the terms generally allow for the reduction in exercise price upon each vesting period. Also

240

 consultants
 of the number of shares purchased

2018
3
Options outstanding
383
(34
(4
Options outstanding
344
Options exercisable
209
2018
2018
2018
2018
2018
 April 28
 2018
 thousand
 April 28
 million

 million
1
536
 years
 April 28
 2018
 







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







2018
 multi-employer defined benefit pension plans with respect to certain collective bargaining agreements. If the Company chooses to stop participating in the multi-employer plan or if other employers choose to withdraw to the extent that a mass withdrawal occurs

31
2015
Central States
31
 December 31
 2015
 October 18
 May 14
 2021
1
1
1
2
1
2
105













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







We lease buildings
2018
 April 28
9
7
5
3
1
1
28
We enter into various agreements with suppliers for the purchase of raw materials
 April 28
 2018
 April 28
 2018
From time to time
 we are a party to various litigation matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We do 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







(In thousands
259
244
227
244
104
96
91
99
38
33
41
36
217
203
194
212
85
78
75
85
28
24
24
29
161



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018






Basis of Accounting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
and
 as a result
 an additional week is added every 



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Derivatives
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated in a similar manner

2018
206
219
000



Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The estimated fair values of derivative financial instruments are calculated based on market rates to settle the instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we would receive upon sale
 taking into consideration current market prices and credit worthiness. See Note 



Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
All long-lived assets
 subject to amortization
be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount or
 for goodwill
 the carrying amount of its reporting unit
 is greater than its fair value.



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Our effective income tax rate is based on estimates of taxes which will ultimately be payable. Deferred taxes are recorded to give recognition to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets when it is deemed





Liability Reserve Estimate
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We maintain self-insured and deductible programs for certain liability
 medical and workers&#x2019; compensation exposures. Accordingly
 April 28
 April 29
 2017
 million
 respectively
 for estimated non-current risk retention exposures
 of which 



Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 April 28
 April 29
 2017 



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
-in
 April 28
 April 29
 2017 



Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We are involved in a variety of marketing programs
 including cooperative advertising programs with customers
 to advertise and promote our products to consumers. Marketing costs are expensed when incurred
 except for prepaid advertising and production costs which are expensed when the advertising takes place. Marketing costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
2018




New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 March 2016
09
). The updated guidance simplifies and changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees
 including accounting for income taxes and forfeitures
 April 30

 April 29
 April 30
 2016
 April 28
 November 2015
17
 April 30
 2017

 April 29
 February 2018
02
 January 27
 May 2014
09
 August 12
 2015
 April 29
 expected to have a material impact on our financial position
 February 2016
02
 requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 April 28
 August 2017
12
 April 28
 2019. 



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions
 replacements and betterments are capitalized
 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the improvement. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized.



Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We recognize revenue upon delivery to our customers
 allow a right of return except in rare instances. Our products are typically sold on credit
allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts
We offer various sales incentive arrangements to our customers that require customer performance or achievement of certain sales volume targets. Sales incentives are accrued over the period of benefit or expected sales volume. When the incentive is paid in advance
09



 with 



Segment Reporting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 single operating segment for purposes of presenting financial information and evaluating performance. As such
 accumulate revenues by product classification and
 therefore
 it is impractical to present such information.



Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Shipping and handling costs are reported in selling
2018
 Although our classification is consistent with many beverage companies
 our gross margin 



Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block]




Receivables
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We record trade receivables at net realizable value
 which includes an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts. We extend credit based on an evaluation of each customer&#x2019;s financial condition
 generally without requiring collateral. Exposure to credit losses varies by customer principally due to the financial condition of each customer. We monitor our exposure to credit losses and maintain allowances for anticipated losses based on our experience with past due accounts
 April 28
 April 29
 2017
 



Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on management&#x2019;s knowledge of current events and anticipated future actions
 actual results 



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018















Tabular disclosure of financing receivables (examples of financing receivables include loans
 trade accounts receivable and notes receivable) and activity in the allowance for credit losses account.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)


Apr. 28
 2018






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
9
9
56
51
194
172
260
232
(174
(167
Property
85
65
150







Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







9
9
7
8
5
2
6
8
29
29
017













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018






Schedule of Derivatives Instruments Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position
 Location [Table Text Block]
9
(5
3
( 2
6
(3
2
(2
(6
1
(1
(2
1
(1
(4
5
1
110













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







55
54
32
1
(1
55
55
31
507




2
4
3
5
14
15
2
2
17
17
14
12
087




State income taxes
 net of federal benefit




1
1
1
1
1
1
678







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018






Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Options outstanding
383
(34
(4
Options outstanding
344
Options exercisable
209
579







Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







1
1
1
2
1
2
105













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







9
7
5
3
1
1
28
448













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Apr. 28
 2018







(In thousands
259
244
227
244
104
96
91
99
38
33
41
36
217
203
194
212
85
78
75
85
28
24
24
29
161







Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































000


000


000



Self Insurance Reserve
 Noncurrent
 Covered by Insurance

000


400





Inventory
 Finished Goods
 Gross
 Total

600


000





Inventory
 Raw Materials
 Gross
 Total

300


400







700


900


800



Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total

715


780


507














300


000


600












Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life








April 29
 2017 [Member] | Reclassification from Current Deferred Taxes to Noncurrent Deferred Taxes [Member]










900







Reclassification of Excess Tax Benefits from Financing to Operating Activities [Member] | April 29
 2017 [Member]

















Reclassification of Excess Tax Benefits from Financing to Operating Activities [Member] | April 30
 2016 [Member]










500)
















Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Total

















Self Insurance Reserve and Coverage by Insurance
 Noncurrent

500


900









Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) and the additional insurance coverage.




























Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).



















































































































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016










































A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details Textual) - USD ($)



Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016


Depreciation
 Total




















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 2 - Property
 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017




500


500





947


157





241


257





688


914





881)


764)



Property
 plant and equipment &#8211; net

807


150







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017




790


967





011


403





984


279





933


368





718


017




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

000





Long-term Line of Credit
 Total






Letters of Credit Outstanding
 Amount

100





Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity

900












Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate




































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Aug. 04
 2017
Jan. 27
 2017
Apr. 29
 2016
Jan. 25
 2013
Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 28
 2018


Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Common Stock

900


900






878


850







Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Cash Paid


















Stock Repurchase Program
 Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased





600
000













Stock Repurchased During Period
 Shares















060



Stock Repurchase Program
 Remaining Number of Shares Authorized to be Repurchased









097
940






097
940













800
000















































Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction









800


300


000





Accounts Payable
 Total









400


100




400






















Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues







000











Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share


















Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues







000











Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Shares





000



















000













Dividends Payable
 Current





































Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share


















Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
 Total









000


000




000







The value delivered to shareholders because of management's ability to grow sales
 earnings and free cash flow over time.




























The percentage change in the value delivered to shareholders because of management's ability to grow sales
 earnings and free cash flow over time.










































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.





































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017


Derivative
 Notional Amount

500







200





Derivative Asset
 Current

200












Derivative Asset
 Current













Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivative Liability
 Noncurrent







































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 6 - Derivative Financial Instruments - Derivatives Instruments
 Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position (Details) - USD ($)



Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016













498




743)





085




131)





413




612)














569


749)


987)





383


020)


592)





186


729)


395)





227


110

































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).













































































































































































Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 27
 2019
Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016
May 02
 2015


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Ending Balance



733


743


678


801



Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
















400









Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest on Income Taxes Accrued












Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent












Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations
 Adjustment of Deferred Tax (Asset) Liability



300)









Scenario
 Forecast [Member]












Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




039


422


806







358


299)





715


780


507











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017











900


740












231


278












858


157





875


208





733


365





502


087























































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016











State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




743


678


801























733


743


678











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross





500



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Term








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Dividend Rate








Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
 Total








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested in Period
 Fair Value








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period
 Intrinsic Value

000


500


200












Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense





500



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value








Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Total








Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

300







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

000







Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
 Shares in ESOP
 Total

536
000







Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Eligibility Requirement
 Length of Employment








Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Employee Stock Purchase Plans








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Forfeiture Rate
 Maximum








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions
 Forfeiture Rate
 Minimum



















680
000







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

800
000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

800
000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

800
000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

000









000







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period

















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants
 Period








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Purchase Price of Common Stock
 Percent









































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved per individual (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).



















































































































Represents information about the period in which participants in the Key Employee Equity Partnership Program who purchase shares of stock in the open market receive grants of stock options equal to 50% of the number of shares purchased
 up to a maximum of 6
000 shares.




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Sum of the allocated
 committed-to-be-released and suspense shares of the entity held by the plan.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).



















































































































Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.



























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016


Options outstanding
 beginning of year (in shares)


595







Options outstanding
 beginning of year (in dollars per share)
















500
















650)




















500)

















Options outstanding
 end of year (in shares)


945


595





Options outstanding
 end of year (in dollars per share)









Options exercisable
 end of year (in shares)


579







Options exercisable
 end of year (in dollars per share)












































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.






















































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016














Amount of cash outflow for pension benefit. Includes
 but is not limited to
 employer contribution to fund plan asset and payment to retiree. Excludes other postretirement benefit.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




217


940


105














370


262


172






































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense
 Total

















Purchase Obligation
 Due in Next Twelve Months

















Purchase Obligation
 Due in Next Twelve Months












Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















182





615





241





223





656





531





448




































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Apr. 28
 2018
Jan. 27
 2018
Oct. 28
 2017
Jul. 29
 2017
Apr. 29
 2017
Jan. 28
 2017
Oct. 29
 2016
Jul. 30
 2016
Apr. 28
 2018
Apr. 29
 2017
Apr. 30
 2016




306


477


119


832


066


564


180


108


734


918


785





359


193


080


503


946


920


717


494


135


077


437





442


080


980


272


161


285


604


995


774


045


198






































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -=6VTP?(\\#P    !



+N08Y.\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M@]


:CWA-41;$&1ZR-9@TS
/
+4:C&H

M1QU'*/

MO#\_O:9U
]M%UAW2]M:R2=/&W&9_%;?/VP?A:J*\BXKUEEUNRT+N:KEJOJ8
M77_X785=;^S._F/CBZ!JX-==J]02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F

9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_
M 5!+ P04     #75MM

O




A-76$XSB/&E*UX:HT8WN^*ME-UE5+]SP0MZ8A_.^&


R7*/%#A6:
M8! O%7V(43O02SDP]JH[WT[+


)IR8




ANK:E[1J-#

M:Y*^(UEGZZUH*/I6_P!02P


:QXZP J7 Z

M5'\=MOU^D;ADMO6[\K7JOS;GG_W4()/


MK+V
N

<1*+EK)N15'K.2L$FVPL
3QFLO0.HT@NW&B&\?=
M%
2-XQ^


M)B#%!6;FB:R1*$,/^3P,Q1^*&-K5&B*#+6&$D7.?KH_%^A@#2K#9V6DLS8
MFV3@WH\
/N3YIZ'YYZ2YJTB%W(8FH((.
2\PYD@&*7*0&@I2Y(3

MK(I@'66




]YSG@ UYQ_B+* F1WFM-&['Q
M2RG;-0#B4)(:BP?6DD;-G!BOL51=?@:BY00?C:FF(( P 36N&K_(S=B.%SF[
M2%HU9,<]<:EKS/\^$LJZC8_\MX&GZEQ*/0*O
5G\I/(7^V.JQX8HQRKFC2B
%7

MZK^3*Z%*KDE4C@.CPOQ[AXN0K!ZB*)0:O_;/JC'/KI^)L\'F-@2#(1@-*/K0

M#)+'7A)



XI
MAVY7-&BFK!$
^U)E /6AZSMF6S?OO)AL@E)#WH3V\I'ZA<M

)'1N#1%-
*%#2\*(U*UI3T4A-
MILDT8'6JD)H-@VFI8W2FM@RFK+2*%VU8T8:*UDBTH;&)T4O?4 8LVC];SH_D


MGBB;F

;^:%P-F2H<1XE53!9RYH,%^)($M99G-XGYE$RX!3$4&(A<(IGJ$\T
*[:X+7N?)<R]!*'NNZ<5QDOO+Z3[T=O#X4[=/VM\??-
MV)2-#UU]F1K.Z-;UKO\#4$L#!!0    ( -=6VTP %^3; (  )H'   8

MC+0_7ODS
\U)@K2DG]*
WRYEFR
M-6:8@R-,FKI1D1,5V:C&*2F1H[A<4;VM@C T*2U10@@-VWFI
UL6@.DS.PS

MUZFB:##W F#I1T7_P!02P,$%     @ UU;;3(3(VTDI!@  !0  !@   !X

M8

M]]N\_*
M_3_;/*K;;U\O

MFVNN*B7+ON&:7.+2C.FZ'6=RP6$V

*6W*83KQR&L?$





M@=6AFX$6F(

^'
;$O F70B#)0)MJ#HOT-



M 4@Z


X_QL[  3.&66M%!VA$1G0B+2AT0%#

M$X#!JQ/ @:L3\ PF*H#!1.6XH:N3$;B#&3



4GM
5&LI
MAUI^ #HX



-E_3IK
M3K4O-WVCPWY&29+.#N7N.%W



A^]_]
MN]\'O%
2^EA7^Z;_/UF_-6UU&*($*8?RV^5S=^P_ST/\CV:X 0T-Z-I I3]L

&9FA@6(/9)95^;(JR+1?SNCI/ZLOC/97=+%+W)HS^NKO9#W;_

M3]VWUS=YICB @0%

97UA[#@=3:.QO20-*






M[=.05

M_L
%2T@*_CE3D'2
4%2$OXAD[!D$/
-PSP0E/QSIB#I&'=I7#&V# *68;AE
MD-SB;9IPR1+2O%8J )292 E$VH(O

MI&.+(F!1AEL424NQVN1BADA
)TZ\*


9YYX.+8!  #2 P  &    'AL



M7BEA_AU!XI#1+7US/+5UXX*#Y6DG:O@%[G=W
MYB
TO9*MV14T,5!F]W1Z.
M28B/ 7]:&.SB3$(E9\278'PO,[H)@D!X0*#\-L%[D#*0.1E_)TXZ9PR )?G
M-_:'6+NOY2PLW*%\;DO79/2&DA(JT4OWA


F:.8)Y]3L'74ASY%SA?


W6I+SNC\R\;^5X@.O)3-E1^AQG^PV9!0N7#\YL]F'+/1


5!F]WQY/28B/
M ;]:&.SB3$(E%\278'PM




V&@Z[

$%     @ UU;;3.I-IFV 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K





M];TI@S.V(MYY\=9[K\5F_SECUT TQ9S&F'09



1L-A]WT






M=?3;9%L@W11(HT#Z3XG)AQ*W
.F'(&S54PVFB=-D28E#%R=YY5T&]H''-WF'

B;DMIFM'&N.S)FBP:4L#?8@?8W

'/8INP:A7
:
7R)F1'
J\\A^%J($_^/SM?IV]4
MY&^74;?




#=4X?-\?3+N CX$7 8!=G$BJY

@
#L2

?6]*8






F-.$_KF

M8LQ+

TB@75U(.SAL]JV J6KQ.
MN^SB/DXWZ6&F;1/X3. +X2[&85.@F/EGX46163
2._6^%^&)DR/'WI3!&5L1
M[S!YA]YKD=PF&;L&H1ESFC!\C5D0#-67$'PKQ(G_1^?;]'0SPS32TW7T0[HM

M9.?(Q7A\V=C_VA@/F


M=#$U+GAM;&U3[6Z;
JT[;<#%[#J#V:;T+W]
MK@UEK../[7M]SKD?OLX&8U]=^#)FY+:Y;3UOCLQYLH6%'=WI@.--[6QBGLT


F%4Q%\;=Q%SKN

MA]Y;L3VF&;L%H0ES'C')$C


M



%0TH[FY


)E5R



*IJ+XV[ +'?=^

K8AWF+Q#

:



WRQFN(GTS3SZ[6998+LH

M




M!XQJ:-@@W+

2GZ/2PL8558-U6LXL7HID;]/.5=S'


@

O WM+X)G_#IVE_8J;ERJ*+

7-GS-(' NZIZ^.)]%V+CA8

=G4FH9(KXG
POM0%


M]S-MFY#
A&0A'&

MN3^F.;L%H1ESGC#)&K


M?]G8_P;1@4]E=^='J/

3DN



M/C+[;?9NTW\*_YLM7MO=ZYK.ITMR=40]9MMAV#UF0!#+/J1@*

AX]@
MA2


MI[&W61'* ()2.L =@

6)V%


M='


MXV]*-%HX;YJ*V=: *)(*\97JVNFA6QHED3?R60)=D[)!DZ&V$YK8=Z.H+!/
MZ9J^.QYE5;O@8%G2B@I^@_O3GHRWV,122 V-E=@0 V5*;]:'XS;$QX G;V=
.?%6^^]9)Q?)^P2B,:8XQ##9S'K*8)Y]BD%7TIQY/_!^3)\LZAP$^&;
M3PIWRP3;18)M)-A^(MA_*7$IYON7)&S64PVFBM-D28Y=$R=YYIT&]B8^(OL(
M'Z;]09A*-I:<T?F7C?TO$1UX*:LK/T*U_V3H:!TX;CS9S.
V6 X;








%XZ\]F'K/9<#@L/XBMW[C\

M;9;T[V




M6R#;%

M965T
C

M[M_W; AE&5_PW?$\S[WXG/3&OKD:P)
/K1J7TMK[=L^8RVO0PMV8%AK\4QJK
MA4?75LRU%D0125HQOEK=
2UD0[
DQHXV2TSGE6S@:(GKM!;V[P&4Z5.ZII?


D(P5)]2\*44!_X?G2_3-XL5;B)],Z?SW;+ =E%@
M&P6V_[2XNVIQ7-_E83-9JK!5G&;'
E-U\1-GD6GA7W@\4Z^X
.V_Q2VDHTC
M)^/Q9N/\2V
\8FK&URA&A_8Y@H?3!W:-MAS0;'FW9\06QZQMDG4$L#!!0
M   ( -=6VTR\+_


!Z0N'O[ 78]

ANFQ!
'TG!^CM2BV58
:&JB%Z
M4


MV5M!XT\9N3FA&7.:

0)@Z;'((FAX! LC$)8?9ADS1HD@8$#AN3




MXTERQ[20'2VRZ#O;(C.#5[*#LR5NT%K8WR=09LSICKXYGF73^N!@1=:+!KZ!
M_]Z?+5IL4:FDALY)TQ$+=4X?=\=3&O 1\$/Z%9G$BJY&/,2C,]53I.0$@H


MAH+:A^
]GNTT9I/A33__(+9\X^(/4$L#!!0    ( -=6











H
&=W2:^!5UHT/ 9:GG:CA._@?






MC



W
\\1E[

MJJN PC -ZJ)L_


\/K]W?N'8?%Z





8EA61208SR*1V_J/((F.C&'=F)H-D


%+@D
U 2;*@!QUU[%.F9 R-QUI\ R)2!3;MP8EF0+




P+GAM;'U5VXZ;


M55].C%

A48*B(
@0Q4WK%[FQ/?



M#?1BMO9T)@?&7O7FZW'K!UH0$*BD]H#5ZPHE$*(=*1E_1I_^%%(3Y^N;]\\F




*W!))E5

0I-EF*?0PLL0

J6NH1$L]+?24V=4E.'
MU-2FBZ?$JM=$H'QDYY[\LUFZQF5-LYA!K-=HN6_[@U.Y7!\9NE+T#,VN4
M02R:G5(*_&PFH/ J=FFE;O:9=1JR3Y$^Y99]IX;O,O?W0R3^SOFYZ85WH%)
M-4/


Q

M7L?=%\.
SSG

N\!D;DAG?0ZC\E%XPH'8H*
MRTX *2R)41SZ_A8STK0H2VSN++*$]XHV+9R%)WO&B/A[ 
J'% 7HEGAJJEJ9
M!



.




MDH

Q
Q*M$




S'==I.A
M^#!?Y.#V-:G^ %!+ P04     #75MM
FBT260@  ]!0  &0   'AL+W=O



M[;633 ):@ZGMA.W;US:$$F/U)O8
_\Q\
[%=C)2]\09 ..\=Z7GI-D(
.X3X







M:&5E=#
T+GAM;'U4VXZ;






ML/XF_'VH'F:AB^;9F7LJK5#56QYZ48INFFC$' 9



M\%'@N$:$@5TAM(8(3?_F0XAX$6+ ) ;3#B$\_;/K;*PZ&XM.LM 9
-%
QUND

8I5)UC+^ X*M

;!%.P:ZMF6NSZC2^G@-SX-[AP^S[CGG5M
(Y
M

2E!7O2;V36HW;:4.@E'J9J#4?ALZPD:P;YRF:AGK^#U!+ P04




M)7B2X
TE^)+@SR4$DA#
)1!)('

R
NMIS


QQ &8D@=MPCKT:% ME]#XDG(

?;0BCX&Q_
MX@O?[9CXD/6
OXD*0#KO#6W%SJVD[+8(B6
%#1$/K(-6/2D9;XA42WY&HN-
M3H;44.1C'*.&U*V;9V9OS_.
722M6]AS1UR:AO#?3T!9OW
]][;Q4I\KJ3=0
MGG7D#-]!_NCV7*W0I'*J&VA%S5J'0[ES'[UMX6%-
(C7&GHQFSNZE -C;WKQ

^R6KG



DYYSO?9V-[

_?

M!_J3RE_=
L_E/MY'$1
MYF&PHWMRJN4+NWRE0T))& S9?Z=G6BNX=J)B;%DMS&^P/0G)FD%%66G(6]]6


M18ZM=#V@)

QLVRX*

/?5ATS_
MV/A!^*%J1;!A4MUZYF[:

!$
MXRMJ^1]02P



M\





W:$B[M9W: '0C@6
=I/X@#GHL\/DQ(?N!Q&8DR[
M9M=-.&GZ1FX-_R;2?U!+ P04     #75MM,685G#B8   !!@  &0   'AL






?
?<%AGX2WQN:_P8WH!IN
MG.@:):?2/KWR*A5G@XJVPLAKO]:-7;M!_TY;)N!@$=F'Y(B 9]$:(/R3$
M R%V*AOQ9[-GBA2Y()WGNB_;DO
3Q2N8WWZI4G:P[;O]/%(G;T549KFZ&:$



Y*@J3('



M?1W;NK/M

9#;5CU31(A=\\
1X6CTU'T6T

O-/%;1;E6H'^20 /
%#%($=MX


MC-*,NQ\S6@PA$F


;XY[4
&BT)F;YQL5U[J3


A


-^^P][1/#=\#O$EIY
M-W9





835!T#D  H!@  &0   'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q]5=MNVS 
_17#[ZM\=QHX!NH$PP9L0-&A
MV[.2

M'VIH



9_4]\;D?\ 5B(0K
M)3+&@1*N?[W#A0O:CEZDE!:_FK7I]#J


K3P-

.DL2A0DEMPE)DP#2ZT#




M='


MLSN9

RRRM_O1S&WNKUTE[:
M(J_
6^TUE[+


Z^&S^N4
M_S


3(@@3(*)Q)!(#!*DA C'J)1T\A;E66 B
M222\ 2-


M

3*+UGHY\B1R&\ PA@W6)!VFNR]CU/\ &+X S2^IG
M$.38? 7V;P&,5]+M%X*4HPZV9P%\55*GF4S=4N4LQ6P_PI@P)*9! +%CCK8



M5B4V#PG
0SN61&%74


4Y7\^9^2!=K40$M:D??*JQ%!;3(Z7(M1@_(8B4JH$3M
M
 Z%1:: ?CC9E)&5^@%;K#
%=


J]-W8J%?Y3R- M#L3W2IA0!.]%6?=DSWI12+?DA%=.
MRYTA-7481U$:-F75^LNYV7O@RSD[R[IJZ0/WQ+EI2OYO16MV7?C(?]MXK Y'


ED) *01(DUIIB&.91)%U.B[&

*;$+])D.B]P6

MUOY:SW7 _ATBLXTRZ7Y1 M47
[R$[ZF[0?)GR0]5*[QG)M6 8L:(/6.2*E]1
MHIV5+/KL*CI7NK73+WS;H#K%I*=^N$T';DY7]02P
$%     @ UU;;3(O+

:<RK\[8&+(<(#?$D]MW6B;('G:TQI^@O[5
M'Z6)R%2E;#ETJA4=DE!E^'8'B*+=X#?+0QJ-D?6R4F(9QM\*S.\MH* 0:%M




Q/7*
M=$)CWHDI8%!I.]V8N?3=X@
M^O$A(--KE/\#4$L#!!0    ( -=6VTP3T-J:

!3\

[1QG




MS'J3@E








MV7_8S!Y:FP39+ F:G'T*_&SFBO J=FFE/D*3Z#BZGB-]=V;QC1II=@*]R]AY

*[\DNIGF_IP8DZ L+@+5REJ-X'%#X3U

6C8.^
M_ M02P



=7H!2;:32^#U[^@M2!Z[G#_=/IG95

,J

!@''(1;
MC%5E*]%SF&

2)R=Q






M?V+$





M8

V^\AF..EC'RTG+Q ;L^8$@P9
M.6T/(5L)JB0P\UFCBFN6

MN:9/@=H&8X%IGY V.:!-#I#)0H%Y&C=







$%     @ UU;;3!$^H&![*P  R

M)4DJLM#_G\P[CK(P_?

!C;
M$6^C
%TE


4\]:V/?NY @9T77+WP'VH
MD*P;)!7(CX%71(&_)#)ZXP9NN/  \<-DC)KN5U%60+[4 &$5S^M9P&*_-PD



E):1B*^L8J)?J
M_Z2]29^JA





\]_6&%S5UI5)AQ X[ER
MW@)4P\$Q(=G_;!T79%OEI+4?JJMMXM%FL1I@)#JM=;[('H4*V_Y4*4S&KU6

M%Y\X+RAUM;P=_Q&-+U!=6\)X-T]B4Z6D,?@4$1Z*K=YJA,/COO9S\T:79K
!RSI
M/H[69,<44;G#$'IIDDS@_Q7(S<LZ\T.PTK<LZT0S3'(LPGXO#.:[O?6FR(K


MW&OXDURTK

MBH%E^QN
%'3^X_]



MZUZH5BO_807;%_C0&AA4CO .(M5/U$:N 070#CU9*Y#51[#PM0!&ZST=P:-?

M/BG87^


MO04[40O$91&R6A@F7VG3Y$%5-Y1I1ZI;V/AV%/U!?!^AGOV$^T9L@Y40];,
M-_1F$F?8B1B,1;%9"N6QR%VI;  53(-F/,8W8EQ 77+6-OPQR;VN5 \1H3

=X(5FIU&


MKA+I)(0/CRM_L1(T?1;P4^ 
=YZ*C0+%*HV
.Q3.-6#Q 2?%'X#5$R+A-Y D

)<*3TLYO5 <,#BS =, .C=@1L#

 <HR1I'C'9[!'
0^RDP-B7XF P
M[8ZE1#L8#(#ZY#Y.NA





+_O=8%?L-/



M:/3W;/E 6(L]5O;1Y#1P2WE7)A9SI90V!E&W1E^QIHH5\'T0\ZCP(+9 SJIQ

G7*KG\#3/;7H_EB%2$9K2-@



?E :=IE1GZ*IIP&H0$OK


M&-2NOF
\/P+A+#K#GC@4G2G].Y[ O\9\9C09YA@ZA?EFVPU!MK#MWBLX9J3L
MX4=VE;YC
72JI0H*

09VLPA@QI
M1\PW 8M-NNA8^K'_CDA RB&3@S=Y/;0/7;/J$.
OZ*I%JGA82=EMS!Y[IAM.


KE8=




FH.DH;\3N(F(Q8ZMG

M)P/8DQ/OKEK+!K\]#\&#KC@Y?0-'L^S+(YKIB2NP!-!!TL=?G9[X:X:R@=HX








*A$%I!?E)A*[=$:$:ML#^Y7V:AN;Z8 D'


J
M.=T(!5SN




M1 +)_WWI)B

 M=
M8JK&4:%





D_B=+T)HB?/4_XX
M]-V%L



2NA\
M-G
*S$:2B*652NNU8/





=@:$.W@
MENT?FXS5-T?#*PI%F[UP7+_*I8=XA*;;&YTYM:P_$4-@/LX?_7_G^T^*;:

OJK







M L.M1T(


MP'8^PSKAZ7
%(.!D=]@.3:[CS$$BM_M
MWK ^*F[W


M.A+:@54OETW8=YQ&M6W 25FP@?4Q7TJWS[
#%/0!AW;)U')3XHB4FR(+#F
N
M%9


W=47G74A^
M+F]9N?ZFKD_A]O?]CZ/=%7][-[NY/;VY^-F(FY_
G)89$B

I_RB






!PW5W?%!
J\[)'Q0SG1W





1G.!;




M
1=EZ)8MB9YG&&W&S&1





8$[UQ;;JQY@9L?&T %-M!
 0 W
T0ACX]V&4B^PXU%O
MVMB7-6ICMPKNL(9.]0Q4JLJR_LQDG9K_63!=B2*T;X3%8K7KWA1H@^=&%+J
J+!DV'_5XT'ZWD';VT!4]^=*=


CL9

MKW&JA2:G[F?!I?SI2#/\Z1!I89Z7NW




5/ECI?BN



]*CJ#YCQ4?VUW5?+







M:J&M8PU? XO*6U +E=T=U;F.GZ%D:T%O\:V6BI3S6YB#[CF?G)2V01HCHS
M.1J^Y+PJ];)P7





.E!'+QIPJ':&7&_;63;'*I#SO





UT[6!]7J



P%

MN91V&TLBP:1*2 Q-6A]XF]S$22SY$ARGI/OTV'%N+91!&6A]:8[/L?_G=^+3
MV@U*M:7X/L=8@9I17H8P5ZIXYSAEG&.&RJDH



43


M-3B29+EY*E$X)JB48-I(,H$1PU#MZ(UM&R,*;TW7[8OZ8YVG0([QVR)X&A
MZ$Q==6L.N^8VR&


7A)TK0N\%ZXI017A+FY
HI^UZB5.-BW.$5NVH2
M#O\HHN]02P,$%     @ UU;;3( (;/3 P  G    \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O
M:RYX;6S%FEMOVR 4@/\*\E
GK4L
)+VHK;0UFU2IZK(UVSMQ2(-J0X9)+_]^





24F(]RDA?HHQ*0GQ% E.:W0_PYB4
MA'B?$A)80H*2D.A30@)+2% 2$BDDU(K)

M6TA0%A(I+/1V@K3[1C$F92&1PD)O
!O#KYW5&).RD$AAH0.8$[W4WF-
25E(



M (?S _Y$7+EQJ]Y  P
AZ/.B:'G0S'G1##[H=#[JE!\D4R#CE)R&L^5H+X%KX7@L 6_ABR!;^&8+

! %T%]!V5;$^%'Z$+!INVV1VA]PDX%$)+%E&PI_

9\55&N?&DM-K
R
MJW6(IV[.K




M]+KY0B;BHX'ZJ7G!SBMJ!CH[K]I.?-7_&S+CJ&]=K+I0'GF\&&D:JYZU

MDD]C%OOYK/O?=_(-4$L! A0#%     @ UU;;3!\CSP/     $P(   L

+N08Y.\    K @  $0              @ &9 0  9&]C

O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #75MM

4     #75MM,#C-P+ ,$  ^$@  &
&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ UU;;3(3F95+ @  ^@<  !@              ( !#A   'AL+W=O


   $/

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ UU;;3(3(VTDI
M!@  !0  !@              ( !!!D  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




FW 0  T@
  !@

M% 



M:&5E=#$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -=6VTQXV*9BN $  -(#   9


M  @ UU;;3.)B(Q^V 0  T@

M:&5E='





M 0  T@


M
YX;6Q02P$% 

4







M='



P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( -=6VTP3Q4:8X $  )P$   9                0!4  !X;]W




BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     #75MM
FBT260@  ]!0  &0              @ %U

S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -=6VTS_

M965T







M2P$% ,4     #75MM
B\LDJ.



M5MM



M4$L! A0#%     @ UU;;3)SA

MC;7$ 0  _QT  !

8;6Q02P4&     #H .@#(#P  7;T
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property

      
      

 Plant and Equipment - Summary of Property

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-18-012472-xbrl.zip

#$X

3WV^ZIS=GY^<G4A:GFVZOD<^G'C^R?_Y^.__]NO_ZG9_



M-'K'OIT_&A0]!^]4WOW/]V\WUH1



M#V!]/[U2[EWYI?X@KOLWSW_T;H@9@

.;Y0K/FK4[RDQ0MI2G]H
M@.B*&






L46



54&+I+2#

_&8YLS/PA+
MYJ1$WJ(B]A;[FI9Q%P7K;P1BG_&A4LJA54;B[$\V4-XIB*M%)0^B*HSF]7YY





Y]P!4?Q8_


7Y'BCKVA5^QKZ$ST+
MQ
J]RO$F %68?=+S*3 Z7T'KX1KO8)$YN9)_+'\1VBF:OP#RGIZ=7?_^Y;/T

MT-WK[-A


MYQX(KQ\%H%MVMLXKYV4HJ%+TV?==N;&*A6#BK(@=K*@4 .T



M^Z?UT&IEP$TK

M2M
6TC3J#UZ!-.W$/S 

M&NAL%YU#M=:TE9&#R
BPH_6'+U1&VBAU)P;[U@?.:@UV.6G60)IM/\(ZRF5Q

^0E5UKU@N1EU9V+HDL;O[[;\LK5




]
M\ST$B;F_ JC6N
3Z4*S[E7Y.B/9
A$.3?+DSS)Y(OJ*%KYQGSI=-\N5.-_LB







AIJ\]HRQ@


/8B&#N8T-0*1BL8


M$3






*L+(+H'@N



W@3@KY]/9]1_X.+[&P6_

MGIF4/L

#0T?52&
M=8K!VB55=)#\HH<I#S(-:4^%$)5$D2R+%1+AJ;D8O^=([1M9L!H
P/M&U_9

MOXD#G3CHAY4!7OQI






M#_





M]%7

MJ*ZUH^I*JR]:_R*G+]167[3ZHD!?:!U5U5I]T?H7.7VAM?JBU1=%U2F=OM%O
M]47K7R2W)2DQQR%I&_3MM6?HP;1*LWJ&*AU#:T!P4W3PTPR-U'HPMUC')*AG




MX;.4

0
$;I7CF?096#BW$S=
M1?  7OF3P.C9=?3:\?PP0UR\VV%#+[(!71!;4NXK!^P/COL3F4$YC)!#Y!G
M/87
N8:73!L+,'C
?X*OQ11$6-D18OIG%?'Z8DXGIHO UR2 84R$'J8F2E

5.B-!WXO]HG-E




E*



M$UNSQ!B/9H '*H0^X'F+CWXKL-/=L^02?G*#C37YK^KJ5#3HC0IQ0%#-!]/A



ZT@7=O+O*FHN$;T=



_2^QMY3TOO \11WEZ@-V






AJT548O:&31_A/M

MXZ&*[Q&F+K:;;@3J(YI*P:

M5XK/C_&0EH]B'+O^HS0!Q4UZ$@Y5QWN


*7W&?6[T&A-T&VK@5@83/$@'J.=
MNO,2I^[@[908BH*Q,[MORK-5J[7]\WK&[=3) C-G0_30
@*!EA5F@53GZ@=

M^3?/OT9GH!_-(-TE#C[2S




I(*R
K[+K2D57Y\$+2

S

M')H
API]5OS:AJ7E[+(&/&_[$4X96F;Z)O=3J83(_CT
HZ.J#3@]SJL@K8U0
M6W%IH+@H'45IP*%

R_$V%9-?BVOM&
[!Y $:1E(-AX#F_


TU_WC\%/VJ7R2I)L4N&VWKV1W)# *$[KX&2#P_ \9B

-A


M:9



M.T)/@






M9!DH^!/=R\CE/YA%%.A( (
S2FPGE*@3_ !N Q+H.W:ESL!$-PS[[D+0\F_
M(H?B0A/ 2++X2UG^RZ0V!\5MY%0MK&Q&SS&WS&;; 83X*HP=)D[6&^&HB_T
MNNK\N\@GR)OYG#LP=_ NQV?^=$:\@/DLUWP;SU 
;B; X9_0.[TRGQEI-_ 9






L_XVSMPDL/XX! YR+SS
M'TA/0MY.,Q JH[3:B5E(PF_F? B?^^.Q8X%R8)# 'TPA<7+^(,\2F<Y<_YG$
M7C0%+G@:P
Y63KQ!SMS?C =EWE6//


M7-)')O$AP?Q4$5
3&9WE\RH*FV5*QGR?.M(#DV
L.C!K(

MCL]/Q\C3C.F;
2B1&N )B9?A'P2G=;A01]_

R=<.A5',R_2<=L?_OR
MY2KY9D7,AL1F,AG[\NNT6PVE7H55LJ$ IUT'-)N<J/0X@DGN@QVL5Y_3&

$!2QH0%03%'@$W@

M@\(JO!*M$6
;8VG/+6(.?&82986RXL
S


%XS
.]G#9R8)1Y\K!IBMP]J
M80Q5ZPVS'MEK8 IUU)



M F8






M;F.KRJ..




621OD-CHV6AW851P<CKES]WG?&Y\Z
7]%&Z_E


MD. [P;Z0)Y)-+!P)&WPXZ6HGDF-_.+$TI3_4AP/Y1
(9R&Q-)_!U%1:- OOD



DG6O$W4-41?J[@'_AS 5J1!/+_XFF;O
MOC(HAK$+EKG[=$==I\L-$?![;Z@N0Z$9E. !W. %1G8?27  JXH!'B@[0=@




JI!$

+


M:EKGWV)O+.=HY;PR)L8@T.?L+LM^70-VN#,1Q&.XV7H#5
+MD5_?C
29\N



MB4V]K%8T(24!KI$254S*2.PLR&M]GJ83HHKR'!G-)\0EA.GTU
;D!:LUW5((


&] (9_\1[FGRE_C3]



B-C.99%=

LMYF0]


=-$UUX]=11]EC
EJ.+:#N9+%UP6WE0#F@5H;


G\WX)0.9P9B
MR=) M#1CM[R\ULT=B$5+4_OR8!?<4R4.&2C[5)U1==*PG


WNG#(UUW&V




MY3VZYVEHMH/P)
 U1B!80GA^^[
G?2E(?..][GU'3=9VE*3.PH&E\DY0R
M^S6.PHCEOA-&Z$F_'0GCK^9[T_

MB46!81(&27$+ ]T%)P)W+S63 $ O%#/:87@GNJHC$D;D-$K8: ;X'/V9#N
/
M2H!VV)T6I!6?6;#/'H+M39R@G!O%:NTPU\MK&9;OC'TB0 ^2JLG[[L V..$S
MA/.$@@BQ2#_]%MX[\CL))SY\@\5%&]4XY]Q&48


MWAE/

VZF=

M[\
)'B?%4*1'_. L$4*WWV1B


B^ME**.3U-GW7[FVCKC06A8$LRF[%SMB@M







Z^ +_H+&W)\+H +]SFS[VWOSOM<[\[<K=.%
M5CK\7X?32PU ?B?D6ACN]'7=S






I0D:K]AZ[JE&^6 :J5DURIJF'%YMM57\K80T5D(
^H@];4MX%]V4/'



%3#CMMS=
M]A0[T

ML.6FG7+3

MF@QMFBOW&5RX $@&#WC1V+3B.+X61M'TK*ZM-:1:U6)6)6\.2)/[NUQL$P3
M8'CQ;*MMD.5HV;;I,+1LVVV;7-O.W'8KLF4F$%$X7\\EG%+W_IK[_JUFD/D
MIXV.5G
TDV6: 
-+9]ONL?#LL3%.$V!HF;?QS-LFV7;BLUUB3T;)=L;@J1'/
M:H*7]NIZR1Q





 UT;T4Z2!
M?YF

VH_Z3
M



S16X[!PDZ![TY]^;Z/WA;
G_5A/SZUMW]FGN'OX&0%?3@JM1=



M32SD;=FW9=]R[*L;Q\^^1YHX;9HW]YGDO#G7G 4$:VGY)'OVI^M


FVCZ6VEII:61TJ+V




MU;)W:I+KZ;T#LH: /Z75H=@Z.$0Z
5:':26



M]3*


#NCI _ Y
M[@67X.5]FN_KH^.ZV/:)]WRR#R

Q:=3SE--F)@


D)1.B)_Z

M&]  3(V%J2@VQUL4 AOB7CYD&4&$UXLY*7U&.P*4@E0?W ? %N_D((%HWW
MXFKRS-;TI*^QJ2L0&WQ1VK:D;4X]9D]6
H?KK
D@ /%/MND^J&O0*9[)$?D-



M

O#AI*N=2([]X<32E/[04%3]!3(
MX2 Y@:^K %,4V<?N\-A7Y;E O2S2.T

%&./8/:[LM&5E3G$
MZF@5F
8*
(?R'L$T&)A:##$2=A68?1&8&M!RL#
PSWQDS AX\Q*4)B_37'#W



MF%EM.[JSJ#\=/S3L3 ZJ/H0^'M\#;TH)


2C/3_,YKY8@(-XQ&($'S<Y5K@RX#'<ESP(@B42KF;
M&[JD.0
C
$


MN6L@5IPE





PEP69OF_836FY%L'WQNA6!JI;T$YI:





AUHVH;$.@&W!79\[DX5:0#.TT5#;#;AG


5
)OY

?W'/8BSP@CO$P_![V)9#9S00Q-J#\FP3&$;CS/V%;-.B^N+@?L\0
MQN6U+#\J6KZ#=X5G_(X*2B_*[$)$/=_K)K.JJ!/\P)NV\'=&_#M(/WY=I08T
M5F4W:EF^

MA9%97CG:YI/SC2:?O(I]1\1(G,&WZR(NW:)CRX^X97EI6^ O3K\;XFZ(3
M3PZ#N2$\FAP-1B40%X.?1?V[:4W@Y_09@D4

M!/9OQ36:'0-6I11$$6=TM.&P&F!X095
9Z[_3.B5:WIX19W5SZ&?^NGY2_Q5
!X


3.5B -YB I\DIOJZ^(J\FT4:YYZC8@(1RCF,&5+IX,B$$2
MJ2NR#L#B<
Q+.63]L47'K6^KN]JXU(BU^=[N (D35R@/1R-=B5Q'(X8)+:'

M!?LU7CM'1.@9;&[Q3A]




YMH
MM-C

TZ:[R?S1B?^
M(Q^OZ+%O.$TS5SM



N*U'-PZ'



M


69!_UD^ _O8\U.V2@9N\QY


H3
H\;PAX
8

MY66+$42A_
P:ZZ[G]4T
BCM/D [XVED#S


==9WN
M#

M;XZ0L
7'H*\8&R(4P[


YZ:5+-5@ECVZXBJ^4CBZ83I9I]


U LQ


M0*FN


 UQ?;](7:?0/A1660#ARWGS?[XW7^(VU=ME

M



\B%7@@!=E()%_[AZQH

M

V!$W69]Q92C!UGA)IRW+=]WXRO<=+ */L5OV
M]Y3$#0[PPCV.=Y!@3RW4G;Z'#:!FU ?5R49:X@_PE3WIU/
BTUTLSSK
O%DT

@%*


3#TI)LLAVJC&^.0Y*
/

I0MO.(69$Y!NB\IXY



F]C5W+WP3O'EB^US%EV^YAJ5D@F75KX
^SA66IG&7E_/K]Y=


(PV 1

M66+WDJ4T&.FV(H_F(;INN$Z 3;?BIC+ E-
:@# 



MEH(W-F)

O/=?)84



\]_
MI.;LPPG_WY
&[WC3&?4H@&RE:0MI4OMJ*TVM-+72M!-I4@:O09IVXE:+KY3A
MG_.+.B5D9 .QJOP3Y.UEUJV)K_K*:&NNVH7&?/&$U@?+_:I:0N^#T$.C=D*W
MR8=) /8['-1M1T.7RQ[ WN/=P6VRT#N$[ *54W;W/#RK3VKU94=;G-956U
M4@/-&LN=C06L%9L]WV)IQ:85FU9L*CJQ^DNU-GL.\%^+JWR+%[P.[PTW0A6M
ME64-9-GV([QHLBS
);./C5!**Q&IP9AWU(*NVP?72WDMI+&K.KM(X[?BTHK+


QG4@[ #F(O\^![/0PQJH V-;D!V+
M7#O!CS,SF'QU_<?_(O8]^=VC! );4&J_F8[WS0^6_\3N286LHDS=HC].:(0


M






M2Z!%
M! FGSBFDRCT*7L?9\BV\$0).!U
WN


MJ7;[FQ *)5C:PZ38\FMH+8@D

M ZU=/JG?V0Z8ED!H+HIBOP
!;#$ZX=G[4%E G+DHEMW.




F;AR+
4
M[X7YH.E&/-#LMF#7UA%2J96VR4L K!MS(9IC)E!JP[AGY/N=





H2-):8WF#$^V7X002V%:IBN%-X37S+,W$CW8P



(+ES%L(((I.1#B.H9B9#V3UA
M!$G3+$.8)T?$#JXRJ(@2*!KLI  ]E+5?92.HKO:2WO'G$$%I9@N
^FT[



%V/EZ/S/?PU@

=K-


M


W^47U2((



MJ[(V:*N=;IM4F52Y[JJL:[K:[!+4%16+!2D$=;4O#:?N
?H=M3V@O8\4N*X*
MW.NK/8UP2DF!:ZO '76@4R)-EQ7!8808MFG(
.0WZ9'880TA6YB]P:15\=
M##KU=Q=2*H\
&
Z'2&D*W(LLCD6



&A/N*Y45/X3!R%


7P;_GF:

D6]E8@0A)S41NLJY9R9L'+9CAU/^-/RD
MX1K.-+ #I'S&L&6$1D.Y






RV?3^FY5V2=#$(:@DQWDV

@I:J)4O5(
MJ4BIRE:J;HV4JJ8'\4H
[PI
_SMC^!7
MZ'M&TZ4HIU=.Y
[U=JU5A-Q3KLBWNYL@(Q=JXQ*OM^QJ6@LBR99VMZ7^ILE-

*O
M;
70P=W/N\[^.64%







MFN7QC* (S$JP)J]

QI'_



M(5()F1N'1'SQX$(GBWO($\AX=1#%&^P*C
9V'DNPI[
]D$;U!4?$0%MMT@
MY


%#PM7 ZP1





6V(]0

S&AD


M65B6VP-G^%'WOKDN].M]G)3;X[

MDOP2FJ8WN_OIR:IZ6%XQKY?O3P:]3J^UGTR6J]OK*









M*Z'QIA@\EOYP)(V0V


MJ.)
U$




MC SGL(:C-^L0O1YM((+2Y)V/'E.U2XH
R






+$Y+3SN

MY**WCGP7O6&1)@H]?ZH


AT3LMTJ
&MM*@YRE*B[CT(Y)

/IJV\=QI1KJ3HRT$#J6P/U





MVNUTR5]0?



M9EQ#+&9Z/A\=^:!$D-;X_#7^^7OF!HB$_07^OI272W=]
PT%;.
%Z'9BTJJ#

*NM/]):

-V_\]^^1X8?
=Z9?;-=P3=MP;MTA

M








M&V

M&51(!AI(C7.]\0FH
9V.5)FK6+83A6R'JV;)L9R38Z%LA=3X!-28C@-)C4]


(
6A3SD&'(;_
#D


REPC158[Y
')@6NK0(/5*VKU5^!Z92#



Y3\9 ;.NO?&$N0'_[$
('[F;X(_!E1G:+W8XS7X?Y (N:M4/



MP\YJ6I959KO]3]*5:.
X3?&B

KO/
M6+P4:9;\1.I%J#SE!*W5;ZF=C1WT$BSM@DMYHXGJ:&2R+I8.8/L2=
:[4T#

M2$C..






M]9.UD+5(82UZ=_]C!JG


U*6Y1DYSV0TT8-LA_P6P


M
3*\!B 4)Z$ $\4@%MG0\Y5)Y$\\/'#QALK$9P'\'=\R3*YFAJ?-[F;FIRWL


Y3;7BP(GZ%+X?_V '_3CL(\4.O=CCB#[5Q[
*%#Z_^FBB QS]-P4N[



M&XG;J


MYQ^;&-J-6)G$\+\W-_?WOO?L&^

MUGN

M@U


2


MP=E)^C


M


G%0NN\
:RBU!S#FU6[#'\&LT*I5S=
MUO


M6G4QPLZB+*)P.3T?JT2)UZO67)38H@#/X4$?/]1[]/!/J:K#U?.SSY[!;ZY)

M07'GT&UHVVQ.I?)9LHS7QE7EKA76,#ZH-'=YLRY/:+2%=\*9C'K8LP^O8+

5



;565S]I
6UUZM_+.9NX^-CM
MU$I


M%*?]W+


+6;;5J5?G-YGYUW+G6U[J&]YOX
K&N]ZO0')3.P
M9%#[



7%15 95+#GJ



Y] $;Z@ F;@25-ET;M5BP3Z%
O


:9XKXE_
MN5!

7O

MG@+ /0T;GVR@!T+AWRWLJ  UOK&T
^4&
%DP^3


MAY:U!_5QQ K@A(\

MXOO8!%])J[4/&ZP]P1;3=UP__O



MY\QES/B71?);AW$)P-18PY98:O


M/QI+:HJ_



M%OB 2!A= 2F#X5+J4Q!$I




?.#\6'#



M28?K57LNOX65.



M GWP3Q=C0=
Q[+%P2/-X$/QLQ T
2\K5&]7


M8BM7A10
. 4]-4

MU%]:N4EAQ=3SMYD;J=*89M3Q')4GLKR'#/
Y2%]%H\3A-7MH^T$FOH
H7#W*


AM]1/LQ&
MC#YY\$]V#/_+U
Y
M9


=RN ZAJV(O:MRRMJ0MKEY

9Z =3$V]





F/3_H^





MI3+6KGH;7M-D\0/QAG 8&OWX-7R!;YAAW%][G?372A!V5B\S&0IB1^!Z94'



MN:YJZ[R7/3(5E')&:?GLH6 PO %(E@@7R4U+LXM9#;?./ [[[8:&:*H[C.
MK(&X:R]S%!\^NA?K]O'0+I(]P/PJXF,^34!22G!C06==)=.O, .$X2R!%Y


O48*D0RP'





M0FF 7XLO:0ZP9



IH!5:*LPC;A%+2&DHOR

M\JM#


O[HWC%S\T


^X&PZ9SX'YOB(


.N


RBU]%P& '2G+%19S-Q($36R$
MT#E?$\606/.C)KX/'2=YG)5BDC0X0-+B[' 1) [$KJ9QP\2]?U@7PK,RC)(P
MXHIER*\K3?%-_JAB?S2R)Y/D0/2_X3^.S.CG&6I';5SF/'9Y6Y;0GG'1[=K





WML^J\LARF
?4A0+WF3W_S^]<SA
M89)??W(




[


GJ=-Y7LJDK

II?.:&$O=$PB

M&8J#[^V#:QE\U-%I0


M36ND\L9LE]YP2
_)

@P#F(8
M S(



:R0Z
+&0L9RWD:RPZ=+/4PEB0



DDTX
MT
+\ZJD8H@ -8W:_8NIJ=#W_Y
PPYSX+(@B






MLO@_Q&*JV.]EA !NKYT2@AUX;1V4+@HL4(=FLYC?RW)1G'$I/$
_C_UI#/
M1^EB*



M=K=TH?Q@%@





%XVK



HX?\F$ZE[TJ/@[3+0W;ST;_
.]#-)DPWS0]LLV<X69RV?GDX4<$RIGNC +$H5O6AA.


_.795KGKUJ_O.<H((:K&,_//GN&J%Q)
M.JH0A,!D%3E#O;G*%3:4:M0P@Z/3S5=/^Z)G$$G(1!W%%7!8*OE8YEY5R

BWFZ5#01OT;];OFDZI)6P((&0E/(4
M31&P&R%-\PBU(H_:S*M0A$;J^UFKHSI4+6A' GM+.LC*\@OF[K:[*ZTSU?F

+!94(25XI;8#A%/VFD(:H
OF9]Q1Z@F]1! @8!C^& !+#


\_C[


MS L


M7HA?!YSP2GR

AO8 5LL?-8[(4YW@1S7=MU

BOLZ?O:$#QI&#DC4





-.T2BJ/@X65


;J\@= =.]FI#7LM)MV).-J])

])KY4#![
K*
VE.ND60;1[OYJ%%+3=O+






^F?UN25C)?6\0R[5YG



.;QF%L<P3)?\;B F8VGKV7GZ]O__?B(S]M
M[P[Z RTA:O[A!08RSXJ?-.&G)(O/AUC1#S]#LOQQSD/R+?/7%CX$P5_RD9C7



KWZ\?3=SH9)DE%5JK(


MQ3!M!QB




Y7WW9K5J1$O[6\?&WZJPD

XZG0N6_FY;$7KWZT16EU*) L7:94ODIK<GK4HDGGQ
M^1 B69,+3_YZ#






M0N:/T40^33]Y\
K=\+/M


X7

^:
\Y=F%7_Q



#$X

NO)=O8!H%E$ D











M(

M#\VX






MQ8Q(7ED9^;P




CR%PC@//(8Q;Y
\(DJ?M

UFS$?6T



Y
 =1
)#AP&QU92UYA:$P^G2WF(D!/1QP0&2CB8 L G


M)68$
G^52P5)'0@

MIL!QK 3'J0P8J0CH-A4!W64B'#@2/B:E&2O$+V:BQ-R(ICQ\HO2PR.[CF@[J

M+ &#RQ64F?Q\84Q3WOV@]*[(U[LQ0[D

MJB]E/$RY_%1=?&G)4MQ


MCY$A7!RK:X*E=?P:%:O*[N; L')\4QA0UP7%/=KS^N6X0S0)^9*4RL7_JK












08M0
MH8'B^\DG7X:-B/@X/3VA# W</IR@/B[I6'^@VZI-ACX



VW6(MV;\)7+S&X#)D^H=Z@S.Y\^
MYUG-SCN(5) \H'U&




S*4EFGUW



7



5'3$UTOIUF7



MS=ZZ@*PVV/Y8R?1+0DOL:)S=#V-I32#JCK(_=MGLE: EYMIP\'VWHB:H2HCW


#$X
#0R.%]C



M0$
VP?3VJ/_M.AA>GXQ&_9Z($9T@PB@







M7_+'?U[
U;*5])Z!%#/Q.27W/*/V



7P852%:_+




XPOD2\[DCATO+PFBL:3WTU\)GD?E\:R&H_CI


E6D'*!+P

KN]@'T2I[%8!

K)






MK4PFKR).=?C*=T&O DIU





;ZK.GW=R9@.LD$(TS


)H/9!Z]BO-)

M77\G
P;]@PE(X<


MIPO[M?^PNX@7Z++CC??B7^&ZZ8)\ZSW(#F/ONDQYYSU3NHV$ZO+EO?=\
4]-
M:1L\5FZ(V=9V6)84:%!'8QU\5=B0M8\=^%1BTY(#3?U/GZJI&@3(2UB@&6/8

L.@ZCX+KA$S6%O1P1LJ
%&-5&LU4[B

8M\: V2VF[E#.]'^Y-(/DJ
4J2()AFTX1(^BV_/%E]9^NJ

M
 
J)+;'H
OI(]Y_)8C@J3JA.13_A
DMJ+-9%]


MK'#

IFNS@S?M
ML:KLSV+]IE

M*D;?IIY5MOA7O&^[5/HS2H'NS)\G,2L-K[E6?XY9W05Z'C\*(L



M+[/.?OH.1;8$JYLAKX*B-0@JK#J? N8NC)G-D)NFIO3/+73&ME)+O$%IX/96
MB&

M0/T8(P'RR?\ 4$L#!!0    ( -=6VTS;BHALX#H  

M
#$X




M.=%&*14O_U8I92[^3$^S
C/*4\6GG3




\WXE_=NR[VJ;_(F4F#7]ZG/-L

:.7 @4]JY%CF'T]!'@H9 TG$9D5F%QEGY_-*\%G&
MN7REF(HD^A<E_(.S@7C*NAK:GIH4L_+SU@0<$MYR()+\5N5]M[8UBRQDELP

K6A]33M#1++%@L5WJ=B][^:$TV2<I7EB3AA727EX)T/D%U)]

I^+M4BFKE%.0YH@\2@A)
NWD*MY]&4:4GPEQ
F.\?@E5MC)#X&WV$(7^


\3=:O' H@JR*I];<\:]
'3:%
MV =B^@$=)IB_0CO1W3P&O5N(+*?D*#6(I B)^10E1JU$!L/R/%!E+ @1B_
M(


Z3T_?BE$D2KOA:@!?_.DE3J2\DEXU_I

PWBQ


/2#!Z27FZNA4*4+HK(DY7




(@.

D/2X3[? 7




M





MX:(1A V. Z_^Z20?+=\*WNMW)1X7H$]$ #0SFK0'V. (K]M7)'N=A5SVYY



3F%9 7.4)+3AXE'] 5R8Q)6G






%[$X4.6R%+Z]034-NJ# !DI:WA]
M=9


XO
MOE6S#]*^#[*VXR=C7IPP:^(?K(MYKTE.Q?UJJ2K^6]G&IJ]\/#W;V:'+$T1G
M+$F3NSGA]%1NXK=DE4?&&E
Z^QG5A0[:)D:*%?J5+%3SKZJ)/4*5_NCJ1H
@
M%H''?+/
=A?BB'-Y 6Z^[$Y7KY9B+IRV$BH.0- /^2K'.









M
%1ZG2TXBTDRE_N
^-].BCP






P?P!926X()L+L@TIR-8DYB^QQP=1@#A
MK)OC&5U@Q[D%OYH=)4^]!!#/=;HJESHP=1R9P.Q_H 4:PLO-Q#QCT@1=W?]
M AGP$U8&@-S#0)?D8+4\;TH?Z
I<FEYP*%RL:E<+[S@4
E:]JXWW&(H9JZK5.38


M=CJZUIA&%?06E#GMW&GG?65+M\Z3=IJVT[2=INTT;:=I.TW[[6K:NMNC#7WZ

_VCMZH8


I!GI
M#^4:*=$.R7:*=%.B79*])M1HMMNDS:4Z9_$]%J?]_FZ\

MUZB:W9(ZIW
[G;NUSKUSKFKG[
E2H2

M:@L *'%ZO]/[6^O]\E 0BXN5OSF5??$L#PK1\HI1346^]8AVS9\IY9P&@M3B

M_O76E^Q.6!1=





S\]

21HDGYTQ&-I^\



M)CS=

MJ

M#H






YYP^BD'5: CT5

M$.#*%;'CHF\:XMHI\_

F

RI* S/T!L7Y!A
MTTXFA&H)VJR 7/'H?P:$$:)1NVT





MKVF:4IZ


@%LR.&#QE=Y^0.)_QA/IS*0

[Z+Z[O2FTK+IF=@E6



G^Z/ED&:8D\I*4^7_DZ6

MASV\
#_21!)Z3HO_7Q5GFN8L$D+U-Q)E+UVWFKUZ(/%6*.SRS-6



BVGX2
M0'DR

_V





Z



M\\

 E1I/SVM1PQ)A3U_285.MBD2;S
M!]U:A


ZFSL
&H3]E-3M)!\E4V3AK,?ZM8V
MR=\1+U ,]5V0 &D\H0;L91[..)U3OD.3,CM8W=C*N8TE8/RIJ!$*.DYA6N=



M&D=2CR.;9TO-K?!G0K4(XTRH&N5-X^(3CH)_9TDJI

MI&/

6)U@KMFK9Q+%

M6\L;(V]%SB*AA5I@T?Y;;;)H7-#WJVB8)H57HU=F*
;O [;T_TKC5.@*Q9O4


MDML7^^+:KZ/(AS?VWB-AZ6\L$L/D[E7#3*U^\\#9*@]57G)*UV%D4TQ5O7=

M5\Z2V@



LVI;Q:7^@J'1Q?N0#EQ92UJ;WUGZ'3
M:.YHN9&CY=4),LRDA861+96Q;08+* _V='U]0!_=H?H:_C-85CVJ(]CMIMR1
MG)8'Y.FAFWL'E8BL34HIROEL96?!LS03*&V1VC0L:L)*#@Q'%^1 Q



?S@5RXS
2;IB.70'9

8'J'=P& H3FZ)[B#H(

.QIUN-]C7E#V
HS@SE 3:]NY?$=AX+(JV
ME<*Q49A4:RME([=



M.





MIO-OSM%Z2;98$+[RV+1HXK'\I*Q'_#1\%'O[.KT?'@CL^85&#SOT3;8+(;H0

H.FOVV\I'*SBF=Y!8CD,I]U
M92'^4B(EYUF=UUS-UIX9QGG.UZ2=BA?#((6[%5\&3[2?U'Z[S7[0?#)IE


0I)?A+IST8RFT[;[BXSZ






Z&L]

JHIZH_@IU?Z@WY

MYG8S4$\


_G\#\R$H73D :WG)6_C61O576B [P!)YL*M6J;K-N!'W5#





I@J5M;(%]5@=QV6?'B_0TKH*J-95(;M<KVYHG_8PD<V%S


M4M$Z$
\6^G'$0IYTU-



$XOF



QHOPV

M]HYM;=PT99SIE






M=

:';/@Z OG5B%+J33]V8TS94C&Z.=++[P6D
MZ+;)#H!VS^:VC/.AVS1[8D?;P!&ZK;0??K3-%$(G*SL)7 6V%$! 10A9


=$4
#LF0/FK?8KLGOE4F!SK=2A?%?C7+^D
BZ#2H3D 5QR2W
M0(W4YXA92KV?/



*
;\JOUO@86&7@C'C;*CPTILDL[7%QL61





MH4'FYZ3M ;@FRX2.IZ/E
@I].2GE%
U2*D_N+L*4M.!4'V]RYIXS]YRYY\R]







NEU=A[UXSL/_4\:SN96QP5]O'73#HMY!6_N0Z9ZY/).$N%
M-1P'8J;4H&DYAJXKRA4[3BMQL +M?Q(YV$BO5X9+Y9/@[G7[^ ND.022Z0
MY ))+R =52!)X=8;:BI:V@


()\L&;R7':8RP[3S@Y[=2E3P\W6@!XN!:$I)M_'75@:-]NW
MN&





=8QSL(C
M^^))N9FHFMHXC)N*E4V#=?J9DG1U8QL'=7E(DS

;-D)!(:JCPLO']_1]'R^7B5)1H/SC(NE5[@(
MBA69/QPO\T,O%\^4^V%26RI_4!H0.?.D!XP-X]C?*$!E1,NF#,ST@457TH
M%5!X;X3P5/XUO<Z6P)4N](L]#WH5D,J&YHEN]LD#6MI*M^GQ<BZ-G15=C%SM
MKJ@]5-;AIJ/^TZ54=W3!O@UKY00Q&[H_Q(15:[3H)JO!\Y:F'NX)VSMMV$J

@
M8'.U/



MS:T$


#$X

7E5R0O
M@C0*$I;2?_TJ95_]^[_]S__QI_]U?/PC36D6%#0B]QMR]UBF$<W.V(J2_SRY
M^4.R=OW?WC_W?5'\OGNE+Q_^^[[X[??'K__[OCXW_Z4Q.G/?X!_W <Y)1Q$

VRAS?OW[[]YDW=^JNJ.?PU*IH/VHU_
M_T;^L6EZT/67;T3;=S_\\




MH=Q4.6G8]FEZ_/GVJW^K:1-.G$CJI$7^3V^V: _'LLAJ/@=9.(*M:O$F9'Q'


EFV^0ZV(@Q? FR

B+1&=$3J
M

9$^'*]9$H<QS9L?NL3/1'\8H9QU[:HWFYQD$6#

_X*%(H(K.@Y;ACM&E4[
RJ08T2=R.;WX#@#&!V'

M

M+7IJ_(4Y!$GOLKGN
ERXXC5MX7RS*IF^;'D8PS

58EZN5D&V.6;+X7:8)6R'
MM
M+24V(\[B]A

MRW13GD-D5C?%QF;U3T4[]%9IC@\K_BLYM',=EB_D@MD35K^^'
D)BX#61I
M;1==?\;84R8(.0B$40/D

+1M


MV'3G?JHU
/&ZPT]FX[66$:!FQR)C&'=50:0-=3$M
F8G-]*8/QM;IN=@#N

?6IU;4T-.?+_8O%UHV9:'+
Q&(^#L(B?HJ+



MU-JU1=W#DTL-E/-ZE[EK/_=_

[U.=X:6Q2@


MA(O[O
+;O?@HOO732Y[63_@X2
MHXPE?C+7

GL3YG8A;5]N

MYR'X=
W_*HX1Q2


MHR=]#



,G+Y&6D 0KR+L/<:DR:)K(EX2$HR6A&  _I@4%^<+*
M)(L#
L
^!5P?I4-OZ#QNN'76H[%Q^%MP@)GIF9MZ@T
#9
@ST4-!2!RM3Q_
0R1;SA!LGGRPSZH)<RY4DN


MI\?%I/



QF^/E/([C


PM
61)Q&11
M)/<,9H=W&,49#;F:R%\?D92*IP)!RC\H[W-.R8RX(.*1/H)\640_:/
93J*
M(Y%;0YIUI$PCP
F'(S%6Q[NP+3:0AN-KLLAK S'C7\5%92CF37Z.8D-:-;MK


&?PDO%JO?5BV;O83YF')O:P+
MDU8@D.+]T'M+=RD3D'BZ9D$@?BDW


MP6FVOJO;VS[%'\^@C8A%);\^$@4GKS\FFA?2MR!YK!\A!8Y[SGTX





MH#/;P@X$2441;\X;@&U$ML5HUA*(!PGN%P6FQJB)\BH2.0R?3WN:8&1UKROK

\'2S[II^IL&AJEL/;V]N+
HT&LGAVMD#E)MSI

M_1@44#7




$Q!C1'.81V-(3YI#:U@HR0O31;D




&)+KLZ1R#E2-#4&!0O(HF9'&: XS[UW1F#=
]*&F^WJ1&=)[MT








M?AQ'[^0Y[;WMV_TC-B)'=.(LU8*@ADJM@





BM6O]$

_%BJG)999F
M;&;!U;T%

MKC.NTB7-


SP6W'P:*--NF/@.IL@PT=;?=E
MW3\D]A.@YC

MJ @WOU^\^IX45;PN[AU&;Q7\IAXK.-_B^X3*6'(.[/PY3$IX!_$C8]&7.$EZ
MU(7.I^@$8N







PV_2(X(_9OT.

MH4&[G=*3

S
M0S%OXELM=++VBR#._AHD)5S0E:LU?)5?L&Q)XZ+
Z T_V'^
TWA5KO9DSS%5

MDB3AI7_-GHPC@=&B

M504
LEH):*#WYSQZG




MFX'-

M

G$'-C][8*;QZ




3'X*(=WJ1D1 ?:?'((GG.%]'%/2O?
M P)TWB5G2%UI'H=#PFBN67

YA='RJ6

M_[52$4_;0WI)[V?'9/Q 1XPPR/EZSFB0TS
J_WV9+L)06'77P0:\C/TK6^T[



M'NC^=G^UO-W69!715ETA()CO


RERHK560

?&4(X
LK)07;H)62'AGM[4L0K'P$)

M7#7AA (#7SJ H?9]*WF\;65(&Y06IL4\QY41N*J!R$3^+[BFXJH-KJ8611U+
MV[55H[[%UD%0H6&]_ 'HXSH-8P4!LW0L#4;FA;@M@JS06U#-N%IHR#$YH0]Q



M+)

M/A:B.DIK!:%T!(Y-XJ_C(#Z1I.NJ+/*ZTJN'OIB]?K:84/R]OMSM90.&.6
MC0'T2.?[]CY!W*%(G[O

$+BBYVCT+BOTK
Y6F
UKRV;JO_1D_'UB0+KA9#0X1N1EM3UIYJ[3Y@
6AVH4!
MXV:

0^VQ
M6W#X0UEU)G1FS.NK0M1AKAL$.F16![M\^$'R(:4/$ &CZTBC
IUHX_H.% ;J

M=QC&QKC@V!450Y6--

E:9F




C;/GE^.:<\&F


M62'/B\D\(!-

P@1[3

TL)!))#J2?$141FAM3.HLHPQ/&.]++B(\I-Q=)6=



MP X[^'RU3MB&4M'HNG*;77
F#QZ!\;U-.1+K4W5Z1-:'ASY$NN $^@@MP74?
^+4%3H*CV+\S7+Q0NKJZ6L
M--)7_4WM(Z2D#W?N2O*'46!6@K%Q3=DV  4;XL$A !HW=L37-P!I
J9]2
MU(KRQ'#


M+U.IY'_

MKH)/!/XC4HW@B
@Q$
[(^EI7C

M6N!]9$G$Y_'\G^60.T_M

M$(6%4H'Y+:$*0[3FE5
4+X;EZRQV/N%C06Y\W=]:\++-9=O;!6-PUYLZ2L.;



M&EO0QT&FR!;?Z2JNUA1B9T2@(M0P&:F?H-^!L406?81LB]GI(]RXBLOG0(1C




S;@U
*+



M!LCLW+1ZD\




-C;Z7%-?;IYH=L]0$=;5B\*P
?*;$FSFX?&0N(+[BN#'# <9/LN[+XWJA)Z
M.HL&*5J_KNI)7E7GI!)ZN0$FBPC-S=B=
I&C[AR-V?&0;F

M/R7MA@H=)TEMF\0O$@H!++
*RM*?EOV\%/J\=ER# P+QRVS3JN#;(Z(#+;'5


+U[;QCFI&=ADRD+505M







G&4<7W-Z7M.-[[.O(]UX
3['H9F'7<]8NOC@6BQ5G5 97;E?9
M69RO61XD5\L/+'WX$#_1J&T/C#Z=GM 55L 0)*U+88.)L(S4J#]%. Z%L#F


MQ!FKP3.K5RNH6(FN#X3649+L'6YG8FT_G07@!-@MH**$\]9&6=Y1CR$0KE
M_V/&\KZ8K.'&$[-6[W;J[LJ_BSKNQM_
.-!/P:/ZX Z)MSV^!Q^1DHX4VT
L
J0+OL01$:JHS0RT/7GK0G;E:Q;#/D63UL@O:A




MO?G$&P1&_.(3QC/%;-G)$@P+=4XN\D/A&7*3]W#0DU%_$WSYR(\;61PDHS9]


?$?(A:E/T/8Z

E!
F@YGCL%M)KFK!07[
AS0&AY7:JP+E[Y!R.MJ_]9?W$@!I(9C=

M53JBEYM
G46.

'U@


BJOT]WG)0


[OJP9N02?V;6-


GFC@/IR'&/^-*T]M]2
M\*SX 8:/[/F8.5!1\GV
G8E
 CA9:$97)@^_-)[

DREC40$BB.T^V#D$)''\(
LIFS#+-:?CU WMZ
;:^R$?(Z

M^;#5
V'/)P?V=48A+K:ZMURD



@TS&N3TC
I_]RQ43!?(I:I#RM5B

M?5D/2.+$X)E\SK6HI^V@DW5
Q_0YAO+LXID4
MV



MQK3\DZ.]&/5.]E+SZYOLA67.

/(

M_4R/#1A14Y7#(:W'7+N ?*9XP
T0



&)[N2&S'58TJ6YML3

VER%26+H9GJ.+P6WK5V48 &XZN[6^)#:X][-%Z;&U%LI(JKZIY
MB*%





4*QSG/1C%\]@@=_!MM@D'5U]NI8EO^IK
MF*U

MU?B)2CTK



MKZZ.PCWD

[H0]Q



/H:J$+%_).4H1!GC
M!L?LC@^:T\&F\7@6QXH;&I6A2#]X0_



_&J'&Y!


M0795;!35Z5!=^\OXEU_$BG[[N_??B_4

(#ZP?9BR]!%G4_






KB&ER
MSG'Z

Z] .Z(/X@KXXNR*#/Z
4[C5;FJLT.?E?3ND68T6!;]V2Q_63@^G2


WCXVGK:M
S2
MY)QF:+HQ+V=F5%HT)1'[$B3NU#0@X1.RDL1)(L)[UQ6&.9N4$PQ)KYZBY9*&

5QUB-@6&;(4_:/


EI+BU97_-A$3L]A

8H@)&-U*QKDZ

MG


M5*%AWS:M9,RC63%&3)


M=S_


M;JTTDUP
S/QL#





@F?VY9'36- \B:E/A^B:U@-A]?B

\?A

_^@'



0I^15PF&^YJ=:H+QS\O6G4FRMD7UE9'727JP:

MTZPTT\M42O[UD2MCZ@/-\[;S: W^QQPNTUY5-P9^\G):6@]VM-2
%50+I0S(

@KP/'Z

]EZ2Y*N+$T,R\:7NILA3^#37G?R^9R98%'




M3Z^SRN@7SJS!G((*7V!?1?;W;#VL7Y FIZ0A7ODP?Y+T/3UG5& U0_#/AXB=






MT&O*\OC




RN9&@7AUL3%

MV5

RG^/I%UR0-'P
M):@!9 [


N7 A*K-F[
N/[TT


1ZTF;ZU)N)EKQ59G&BXS&#X]%=XGF\888


M?9.D* Y01&+\\]N8O/V?__Z__^?O_\_S?L$QIBC%P9O[]9N[118'F)Z1)7[S


M&__TKOAQU_35T(\?\[8G7[]^?9?_NFN:A&4-V: G[_[W^NK67^ E\L*8(^)S

MIWCVAO_W^_1R]\TX)P%%]YA-*IKC'WRR?






ML4O(OXS5 [E,,'^#W/R\[ (:?F1_X/CMB/WON3S6S^%_O3[^=Q&J9KMF10



4INT)IOBJ
X


M[VT;;N.

_CX(P!5T)?5=.V23W;3&-!P VF(0DNV-_*K
W*





M-'!O%!B?KS;A(W2

=X
M%J8))W*#?#R_(Y
5+ZK!_CGRT_ ASW6#
]S \+4SS1.:'F29L__W


L%^')



2I)'AW[RR_D6Y_

X50:

M
K!0S8$_J*



M0**'
+


Y?XZV()8X4-








1%2?KR_
2QO8SCGBK1EQ7=\]X6WR8$*Q5;VQ:'I_)S-T?_


VZK+T49C7O$0/-8:Q[IR =1]&!5
MCM.Q




M6T 0[JWJ_@U;@ET5D.BZS&R!1[IUP%UUMEP&D4N+:@3#%E3DYXO
'0Y&X
=^

M 3-




M*[:(@D
B*ZO UQC*8)E[('
5S4TP\


MGX&H

^(9[H

HEI[B+-BY^^RP3HL)Z).K!%%N@ ?!+ZH4R;%E.:DAI!$9LR1M1 PH:



M_%I.44^H
OJ7YK.YI15:/4EQV*ZK*&F1YV[I&+REHS5O55=U:@A#IU==HH@\
M(G;F7! Z9OM@F%X19LXGDWCCCHSG!QMO'HNKO ?3P) N4\:^3!F0\/1%'#2(



8P+]ID06I'
MY!#=6R

3Z6\DN0MI[LH)YF
^&[

MYV
QKX\TM

:S
M.&JC=OTJC@YUSAXS;8\I3AO(0-
2!3
6VT669A1?AW&XS)93OBJB&[3.Z;X@
85E6;W.V?X.<//&7[.\'.&GXKAUY@Z

LB!

W;5UJ$VB

M$[6%PHRQ^
\ML;NB#Y=Q7@IXXZOQEC.&'3&H#,&S2LO+6QJSB)T%J&S)U%



WW@

:=SC@P
ZX&(_M/Y73@X( 
*!.R
9IE8!&N5GRRX^!7

DK34^25JJT=0J1V?T/3 AF?_[Z7]SO[T^S5ZXG[S4J$7_MX1:85+







B6[4;3-FDO=1H
[(_]!K9:]I0C*K;(G*9!IY'P!4;LIWXC)A8F
M2:[NT







M_??I99RPW3L/;*



_5C Q_


@JQ*?Y.!I4T=D.0&K;E&MJGD
M
SKR < GN#Z(3FQTB0[\';I2)B]2Y/^P5
MM_LODR3#H@U#W,$D&]-G64(I^N[O;);&'Y
J@[^)LP- (_01T;%06U C]ZP
M(3UQ07T

AO2'@;34@[U
\GJJ&SOTH'L2P?*
M)[DXM
XRRHL9YK?^B\/L&W[

M15'91
F*)$GAV=@^
M0[=U&WUCA]_)AVL2IPO1MMW<!]S[,?VX!#&LK#B79.N2;&7^@4JUDJCK;[9@
M4YW; U/*;<E\4Y$5W</?EM0X%8JUK\M^7(J
@31B&U96UVD4O9\R;A42@7/




M^[

)&ED9H!:1.EG%X

MZ-X$T;Q



MRNL%H3



X/W IY\]W^



;VS!W

X7W'(LPNKYCV=LJ]IM:9V 6DG%


.L(BYZPTY-+X^
:EJZE(VFY98;J4







&9:)SDN

C



MGS/@BVZF]BJW8HIW;T3N[+:^


M TT=M)^L 

E9KIY:'Y




XHGYMZ?&X&
5F)&DCI97P1/N!_8T1%L5;U@8;!-LEH
M
VQO!QH$VW?LJ\U

V',&F$O14_Y
M:Z7%#/#_ZZ$DP1MK(PK1?1B%Z<&+IHI1D/H?ZCCPT13!+M9A.M91?R9!X8VF
M!*9+W\O9ALC+G/([]'2UIT[@B9%U,1F[V-+%*!KE:,NNA)<W[A_Y%06^89UZ
MP,QE_,#6:%K*.[#B;=J:^H8O_8_FWSD-.4'3WT(4]$&_D^S54Y/]E2@QX

4DXC\-9Z+/MPD.^3[(\
MY=!;D2C

M6-BMJ7;$J4OOWVA+X 6A9QOR1AOJIMC'X0
WX.6WBI3&
%G5M7MF#598/23T
MBJ8*4=YULL5LU;8R1?\)TN*G/5O&,(K= @3+Y&3AS!A)T')C @8@W1QX0,7
M/FCHBDCCQX2+)KAH@HLF]*:T/.BC[5T


MP::&-_H&WFG&CAYF&?+

M8TS7A[





E[PIW0OX_



6


MKM=%0+YA0?HJI(MW8I05'NP[4


MB1RY2GT-L!:A))G



M6=K6Y':9$Z2R]XL[F&3C9NO



C)[*

M['U-3:7(5'7HGHD[BE&2T75.6V'
2[?/RO:&69I2Z\; E-K!YZF ]FA7#+?
M$2;S;4' O=)6@=*=7J?7.FR+DT-(B5@K=JZ\,0=('IG62TV*R\%#$PR4+


L *@6!



[0Z+<M
M?CX O\\]$_)4/EO.=#58Y-<+[%E *IB ;G#9XMI3@T8U5;&]$[W/*-6ZV=C

ZA







M*_V!C#]=Z.)^7G=QD Y&+3.G83V5G(@8V#Y!&+:!=WLGHZ5UVO-4!*9I

\Z]@N'H LWQ2XF



M@/



; 3-H.E?K*H+4=U

JKA^+@


5L(\%Z..E^

YRRC[WV)/

Q/=%EB[  PP/XWITK8L_
'.B_Z
QV+L;B8BPN
MQN)B+ (GFHJ:89V,2)$Q7=+3G&4/+LD'T85Z88IG,<4^F<?<R9Z?FIO3,FG&
M]@8/;];85B336=<]LZ[!\Z=C3BL*AS-QS)@X[1#[_6#R]_5I13 +6K^\13T\
M!G[J'0/;^'(RQ4D6\=)1/.P4=IV

M];@KBU]5644HYE&7.*7A?5;


A.N#XGCM<W'ASR<KK?R)' 1J';O


M[
5<VL:\0ZWBP;.JYN894/?&&GRRJ!EWID$&E-R9)BN<[97C
M_-H28;M$G#$P)RNV*Q<1V;S\
$;N==A3C;2[;/H_BX/DH_/WJ='V-TP6O

AT;XO\2ER QQ69UC%;CBM4+?5








77 <^?,/7#1%AG47^@WC=NTD:X+EZ
M'$

C _:_C

M@6.K?#


M;6Q02P$% ,4     #75MM
I
WETN .   MMP  $0              @ '-

#$X



M% 

