

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001021432-14-000113
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140326
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140326
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Natural Resources Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001586513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				463570919
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55062
		FILM NUMBER:		14717990
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		215 APOLENA AVENUE
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92662
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-387-5400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		215 APOLENA AVENUE
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92662
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Plum Run Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130911






                   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                       Washington
 D.C.  20549
                              FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]         ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
              OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
             For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
[  ]        TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
            15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
            For the transition period from          to
                   Commission file number 000-55062
                   PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
            Delaware                           46-3570919
    (State or other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)          Identification No.)
            215 Apolena Avenue
 Newport Beach
 CA 92662
        (Address of principal executive offices)  (zip code)
Registrant's telephone number
 including area code:    202/387-5400
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
             Common Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
                    (Title of class)
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
						[  ] Yes   [ X ] No
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
						[  ] Yes   [ X ] No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
						[ X ] Yes   [   ] No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).
						[ X ] Yes   [   ] No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.
						[ X ] Yes   [  ] No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company.  See the definitions of large accelerated
filer
 accelerated filer
 non-accelerated filer
 and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large Accelerated filer  [  ]       Accelerated filer         [   ]
Non-accelerated filer    [  ]       Smaller reporting company [ X ]
  (do not check if smaller reporting company)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
   (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
						[ X ] Yes   [  ] No
State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked
price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
							    $ 0
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.
       Class                                  Outstanding at
                                               March 26
 2014
Common Stock
 par value $0.0001                 20
000
000
Documents incorporated by reference:            Form 10 filed
					        January 23
 2014
                               PART I
Item 1.  Business
      Plum Run Acquisition Corporation (Plum Run or the Company)
was incorporated on July 2
 2013 under the laws of the State of
Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking
 including
 but not
limited to
 selected mergers and acquisitions. Plum Run has been in the
developmental stage since inception and its operations to date have been
limited to issuing shares to its original shareholders and filing a
registration statement. Plum Run has been formed to provide a method
for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company
with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934.
     The Company registered its common stock on a Form 10
registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act) and Rule 12(g) thereof.  The
Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission periodic
and current reports under Rule 13(a) of the Exchange Act
 including
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports Form 10-K.
     The Company has no employees and two officers
 directors and
shareholders.
    The president of Plum Run is also the president
 director and
shareholder of Tiber Creek Corporation.  Tiber Creek Corporation assists
companies in becoming public companies and assists companies with
introductions to the financial community.  Such services may include
when and if appropriate
 the use of an existing reporting company such
as Plum Run.
     Tiber Creek will typically enter into an agreement with a private
company to assist it in becoming a public reporting company and for
its introduction to brokers and market makers.  A private company may
become a public reporting by effecting a business combination with
an existing public reporting company such as Plum Run or by a
filing registration pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (typically
a Form S-1) or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Form 10).
     A combination will normally take the form of a merger
 stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange.  In most instances the target
company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the
definition of  a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended.
   Once a change of control of Plum Run has been effected
 if at all
new management may issue shares of its stock prior to filing a registration
statement for the registration of its shares pursuant to the Securities Act
of 1933 and such shares will be governed by the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the sale of unregistered
securities.
     As of December 31
 2013
 Plum Run had not generated revenues and had
no income or cash flows from operations since inception.  At December 31
2013
 Plum Run had sustained net loss of $657  and a deficit accumulated
during the development stage of $657.
     The Company's independent auditors have issued a report raising
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern.  At present
 the Company has no operations and the continuation
of Plum Run as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from
its stockholders
 its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to
continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a
business entity for the combination of that target company with Plum Run.
     Management of the Company will pay all expenses incurred by Plum
Run until a  change in control of the Company is effected.  Management does
not expect any repayment for such paid expenses.
      There is no assurance that Plum Run will ever be profitable.
Subsequent Event
	In anticipation of a possible change in control
 and subsequent
to the date of this filing
 on March 3
 2014
 the Company changed its
name to Natural Resources Corporation and filed such change with the
State of Delaware.  The Company a Form 8-K noticing the name change
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  No agreements or contracts
have been executed to finalize any such change in control and when
 and
if
 such documents are effected
 the Company will file a Form 8-K with
the Securities and Exchange Commisison.
Item 2.  Properties
     The Company has no properties and at this time has no
agreements to acquire any properties.  The Company currently uses
the offices of Management at no cost to the Company.  The Company
expects this arrangement to continue until the Company completes
a change in control.
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
     There is no litigation pending or threatened by or against the
Company.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.
      Not applicable.
                              PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
	 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
      There is currently no public market for the Company's securities.
     Following a business combination
 a target company will normally
wish to cause the Company's common stock to trade in one or more United
States securities markets.  The target company may elect to take the
steps required for such admission to quotation following the business
combination or at some later time.
     At such time as it qualifies
 the Company may choose to apply for
quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board.
     The OTC Bulletin Board is a dealer-driven quotation service.
Unlike the Nasdaq Stock Market
 companies cannot directly apply to be
quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 only market makers can initiate
quotes
 and quoted companies do not have to meet any quantitative
financial requirements.  Any equity security of a reporting company not
listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or on a national securities exchange is
eligible.
     As such time as it qualifies
 the Company may choose to apply for
quotation of its securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
     In general there is greatest liquidity for traded securities on
the Nasdaq Capital Market and less on the OTC Bulletin Board.  It is
not possible to predict where
 if at all
 the securities of the Company
will be traded following a business combination.
     Since inception
 the Company has sold securities which
were not registered as follows:
                                            NUMBER OF
DATE                     NAME               SHARES       CONSIDERATION
July 9
 2013	    James Cassidy (1)	     10
000
000    $1
000
July 9
 2013        James McKillop           10
000
000	   $1
000
(1)  James M. Cassidy
 the president and a director of the Company
is the sole shareholder and director of Tiber Creek Corporation
a Delaware corporation
 which company has agreed to assist the
Company in registering its stock and introductions to the brokerage
community.
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.
	There is no selected financial data required to be filed for
a smaller reporting company.
Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
	 and Results of Operations
   Plum Run has no operations nor does it currently engage in any
business activities generating revenues.  Plum Run's principal
business objective is to achieve a business combination with a target
company.
     A combination will normally take the form of a merger
 stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange.  In most instances the target
company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the
definition of  a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended.
     No assurances can be given that Plum Run will be successful in
locating or negotiating with any target company.
   The most likely target companies are those seeking the perceived
benefits of a reporting corporation.  Such perceived benefits may include
facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing
may be sought
 providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar
benefits to key employees
 increasing the opportunity to use securities
for acquisitions
 providing liquidity for shareholders and other factors.
Business  opportunities may be available in many different industries and
at various stages of development
 all of which will make the task of
comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities
difficult and complex.
   The search for a target company will not be restricted to any specific
kind of business entities
 but may acquire a venture which is in its
preliminary or development stage
 which is already in operation
 or in
essentially any stage of its business life.  It is impossible to predict
at this time the status of any business in which the Company may become
engaged
 whether such business may need to seek additional capital
 may
desire to have its shares publicly traded
 or may seek other perceived
advantages which the Company may offer.
   In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition
 the
Company may become a party to a merger
 consolidation
 reorganization
joint venture
 licensing agreement or other arrangement with another
corporation or entity.  On the consummation of a transaction
 it is likely
that the present management and shareholders of the Company will no longer
be in control of the Company.  In addition
 it is likely that the officer
and director of the Company will
 as part of the terms of the business
combination
 resign and be replaced by one or more new officers and
directors.
     As of December 31
 2013
 Plum Run had not generated revenues and had
no income or cash flows from operations since inception.  At December 31
2013
 Plum Run had sustained net loss of $657
 and had a deficit
accumulated during the development stage of $657.
    The Company's independent auditors have issued a report raising
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
At present
 the Company has no operations and the continuation of Plum Run
as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders
its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations
and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity for the
combination of that target company with Plum Run.
     Management will pay all expenses incurred by Plum Run until a
change in control is effected.  There is no expectation of repayment
for such expenses.
     The president of Plum Run is the president
 director and
shareholder of Tiber Creek Corporation.  Tiber Creek Corporation assists
companies in becoming public reporting companies and with introductions
to the financial community.
2012 Year-End Analysis
      The Company has received no income
 has had no operations
nor expenses
 other than Delaware state fees and accounting fees
as required for incorporation and for the preparation of the
Company's financial statements.
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
     The financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2013
are attached hereto.
Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure
     There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on
accounting and financial disclosure for the period covered by this
report.
Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures
    Pursuant to Rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
Exchange Act Rules.  This evaluation  was done as of the end of the fiscal
year under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's
principal executive officer (who is also the principal financial officer).
There have been no significant changes in internal controls or in other
factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to
the date of the evaluation.  Based upon that evaluation
 he believes that
the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective in gathering
analyzing and disclosing information needed to ensure that the information
required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports is recorded
summarized and processed timely.  The principal executive officer
is directly involved in the day-to-day operations of the Company.
Management's Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
     The Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
the Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's
officer
 its president
 conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31
 2013
 based on the criteria establish in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treaedway Commission.  Based on this evaluation
management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31
 2013
 based on those criteria.
A control system can provide only reasonably
 not absolute
 assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met and no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues have
been detected.
      Anton & Chia the independent registered public accounting
firm for Plum Run
 has not issued an attestation report on the
effectiveness of Plum Run's internal control over financial reporting.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      There have been no changes in the Company's internal controls over
financial reporting  during its fourth fiscal quarter that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 its internal
control over financial reporting.
Item 9B.  Other information
      Not applicable.
                             PART III
Item 10.  Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance;
     The Directors and Officers of the Company are as follows:
      Name                Age       Positions and Offices Held
     -----------------    -----------
     James Cassidy         78       President
 Secretary
 Director
     James McKillop	   54       Vice President
 Director
Management of Plum Run
     Plum Run has no full time employees.  James Cassidy and James
McKillop are the officers and directors of Plum Run and its shareholders.
Mr. Cassidy
 as president of Plum Run
 and Mr. McKillop as vice president
will allocate a limited portion of time to the activities of Plum Run
without compensation. Potential conflicts may arise with respect to the
limited time commitment by management and the potential demands of the
activities of Plum Run.
     There are no agreements or understandings for the officer or
director to resign at the request of another person and the above-
named officer and director is not acting on behalf of nor will act
at the direction of any other person.
     Set forth below are the names of the directors and officers of
the Company
 all positions and offices with the Company held
 the
period during which they have served as such
 and the business
experience during at least the last five years:
    James Cassidy
 Esq.
 LL.B.
 LL.M.
 serves as a director
president and secretary of Plum Run.  Mr. Cassidy received a Bachelor of
Science in Languages and Linguistics from Georgetown University in
1960
 a Bachelor of Laws from The Catholic University School of Law in
1963
 and a Master of Laws in Taxation from The Georgetown University
School of Law in 1968.  From 1963-1964
 Mr. Cassidy was law clerk to
the Honorable Inzer B. Wyatt of the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York.  From 1964-1965
 Mr. Cassidy was law
clerk to the Honorable Wilbur K. Miller of the United States Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia.  From 1969-1975
 Mr. Cassidy was
an associate of the law firm of Kieffer & Moroney and a principal in the
law firm of Kieffer & Cassidy
 Washington
 D.C. From 1975 to date
 Mr.
Cassidy has been a principal in the law firm of Cassidy & Associates
 and
its predecessors
 specializing in securities law and related corporate and
federal taxation matters.  Mr. Cassidy is a member of the bars of the
District of Columbia and the State of New York
 and is admitted to
practice before the United States Tax Court and the United States Supreme
Court.  Plum Run believes Mr. Cassidy to have the business experience
necessary to serve as a director of Plum Run as it seeks to enter into a
business combination.  As a lawyer involved in business transactions and
securities matters
 Mr. Cassidy has  had ample experience in evaluating
companies and management
 understanding business plans
  assisting in
capital raising  and determining corporate structure and objectives.
    James McKillop serves as a director and vice president of
Plum Run. Mr. McKillop began his career at Merrill Lynch. Mr. McKillop
has also been involved in financial reporting and did a daily stock market
update for KPCC radio in Pasadena
 California.  Mr. McKillop is the founder
of MB Americus LLC which specializes in consulting and public relations.
Mr. McKillop has provided consulting services to Tiber Creek Corporation
for more than five years.  Mr. McKillop has written articles for various
publications on financial matters. He has been a past member of the World
Affairs Council. Mr. McKillop received his Bachelor of Arts in Economics
in 1984 from the University of California at Los Angeles.  With his
background in financial and securities matters
 Plum Run believes Mr.
McKillop to have experience and knowledge that will serve Plum Run in
seeking
 evaluating and determining a suitable target company.
     There are no agreements or understandings for the above-named
officers or directors to resign at the request of another person and the
above-named officers and directors are not acting on behalf of nor will
act at the direction of any other person.
Recent Blank Check Companies
     James Cassidy
 the president and a director of Plum Run and
James McKillop
 vice president and a director of Plum Run
 are involved
with other existing blank check companies
 and in creating additional
similar companies.  The initial business purpose of each of these
companies was or is to engage in a business combination with an
unidentified company or companies and each were or will be classified
as a blank check company until completion of a business combination.
Conflicts of Interest
    The officers and directors of Plum Run have organized and expect to
organize other companies with an identicial structure
 purpose
 officers
directors and shareholders.  As such management believes there is no
conflict of interest in these companies.
      The blank check companies with which management (including
the directors) is involved are identical except for the name.  As and
when created
 no one blank check company offers management any more
favorable terms than the others.  Thus no conflict of interest
arises for management between any of the blank check companies.
     Mr. Cassidy and/or Mr. McKillop may become associated with
additional blank check companies prior to the time that Plum Run has
effected a business combination.
     Mr. Cassidy is the principal of Cassidy & Associates
 a securities
law firm.  As such
 demands may be placed on the time of Mr. Cassidy
which will detract from the amount of time he is able to devote to
Plum Run.  Mr. Cassidy intends to devote as much time to the activities
of Plum Run as required.  However
 should such a conflict arise
 there
is no assurance that Mr. Cassidy would not attend to other matters prior
to those of Plum Run.
     There are no binding guidelines or procedures for resolving
potential conflicts of interest. Failure by management to resolve
conflicts of interest in favor of the Company could result in
liability of management to the Company.  However
 any attempt by
shareholders to enforce a liability of management to the Company
would most likely be prohibitively expensive and time consuming.
     Code of Ethics.  The Company has not at this time adopted a
Code of Ethics pursuant to rules described in Regulation S-K.  The
Company has two persons who are the only shareholders and who serve as
the directors and officers. The Company has no operations or business and
does not receive any revenues or investment capital.  The adoption of an
Ethical Code at this time would not serve the primary purpose of such a
code to provide a manner of conduct as the development
 execution and
enforcement of such a code would be by the same persons and only
persons to whom such code applied.  Furthermore
 because the Company does
not have any activities
 there are activities or transactions which would
be subject to this code.  At the time the Company enters
into a business combination or other corporate transaction
 the current
officers and directors will recommend to any new management that such a
code be adopted.  The Company does not maintain an Internet website on
which to post a code of ethics.
     Corporate Governance.  For reasons similar to those described
above
 the Company does not have a nominating nor audit committee of the
board of directors.  At this time
 the Company consists of two shareholders
who serve as the corporate directors and officers. The Company has no
activities
 and receives no revenues.  At such time that the Company enters
into a business combination and/or has additional shareholders and a larger
board of directors and commences activities
 the Company will propose
creating committees of its board of directors
 including both a nominating
and an audit committee.  Because there are only two shareholders of the
Company
 there is no established process by which shareholders to the
Company can nominate members to the Company's board of directors.
Similarly
 however
 at such time as the Company has more shareholders and
an expanded board of directors
 the new management of the Company may
review and implement
 as necessary
 procedures for shareholder nomination
of members to the Company's board of directors.
Item 11.  Executive Compensation
     The Company's officers and directors do not receive any
compensation for services rendered to the Company
 nor have they
received such compensation in the past.  The officers and directors
are not accruing any compensation pursuant to any agreement with the
Company.
     No retirement
 pension
 profit sharing
 stock option or
insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by
the Company for the benefit of its employees.
     The Company does not have a compensation committee for
the same reasons as described above.
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management and Related Stockholder Matters
     The following table sets forth
 as of December 31
 2013
 each
person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of five
percent or more of the Company's common stock and the director and
officer of the Company.  The Company does not have any compensation
plans and has not authorized any securities for future issuance.
Except as noted
 the holder thereof has sole voting and investment
power with respect to the shares shown.
Name and Address              Amount of Beneficial     Percent of
of Beneficial Owner               Ownership          Outstanding Stock
James M. Cassidy                    10
000
000               50%
215 Apolena Avenue
Newport Beach
 CA 92662
James K. McKillop                    10
000
000               50%
9454 Wilshire Boulevard
Beverly Hills
 California 90212
All Executive Officers and           20
000
000              100%
Directors as a Group (2 Persons)
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and
	  Director Independence
   Plum Run has issued a total of 20
000
000 shares of common stock
pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for a total of $2
000
in cash.
    As the organizers and developers of Plum Run
 James M. Cassidy and
James McKillop may be considered promoters.  Mr. Cassidy has provided
services to Plum Run without charge consisting of preparing and filing
the charter corporate documents and preparing this registration statement.
   Plum Run is not currently required to maintain an independent director
as defined by Rule 4200 of the Nasdaq Capital Market nor does it
anticipate that it will be applying for listing of its securities on an
exchange in which an independent directorship is required. It is likely
that neither Mr. Cassidy nor Mr. McKillop would not be considered
independent directors if it were to do so.
Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
	The Company has no activities
 no income and no expenses
except for independent audit and Delaware state fees.
The Company's president has donated his time in preparation and
filing of all state and federal required taxes and reports.
Audit Fees
        The aggregate fees incurred for each of the last two years for
professional services rendered by the independent registered public
accounting firm for the audits of the Company's annual financial
statements and review of financial statements included in the Company's
Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports and services normally provided in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were
as follows:
                         December 31
 2013
	                 -----------------
                            =======
Audit-Related Fees          $ 750
	The Company does not currently have an audit committee serving
and as a result its board of directors performs the duties of an audit
committee.  The board of directors will evaluate and approve in advance
the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor
renders audit and non-audit services.  The Company does not rely on pre-
approval policies and procedures.
                        PART IV
Item 15.  Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
	There are no financial statement schedules nor exhibits filed
herewith.  The exhibits filed in earlier reports and the Company's
Form 10 are incorporated herein by reference.

                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm	            1
Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2013                               2
Statement of Operations for the period from July 9
 2013
 (Inception) to December 31
 2013	                            3
Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Period
 from July 9
 2013 (Inception) to December 31
 2013                4
Statement of Cash Flows for the period from July 9
 2013
 (Inception) to December 31
 2013                                   5
Notes to Financial Statements                                      6-8
ANTON & CHIA                             CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Plum Run Acquisition Corporation:
We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Plum Run Acquisition
Corporation (the Company) (a development stage company) as of December 31
2013
 and the related statements of income
 comprehensive income
stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the period from July 9
 2013
(Inception) through December 31
 2013. Plum Run Acquisition Corporation's
management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
in all material respects
 the financial position of Plum Run Acquisition
Corporation as of December 31
 2013
 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the period from July 9
 2013 (Inception) through
December 31
 2013
 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.
Anton & Chia LLP
Newport Beach
 CA
March 26
 2014

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                     PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                               BALANCE SHEET
                       ASSETS
                                                 December 31
 2013
                                                 -----------------
  Current assets
    Cash                                         $         2
000
                                                 -----------------
  Total assets                                   $         2
000
                                                 =================
             LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Current liabilities
    Accrued liabilities     		         $           400
                                                 -----------------
  Total liabilities                              $           400
                                                 -----------------
  Stockholders' equity
    Common Stock; $0.0001 par value
                       2
000
    100
000
000 shares authorized;
    20
000
000 shares issued and
    outstanding
    Additional paid-in capital                               257
    Deficit accumulated during the
    development stage                                       (657)
                                                 -----------------
 Total stockholders' equity                                1
600
                                                 -----------------
 Total Liabilities and stockholders' equity      $         2
000
                                                 =================
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
                                     2

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                     PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                         STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                                         For the period from July 9
                                            2013 (Inception) to
                                             December 31
 2013
                                             -----------------
    Revenue                                  $              -
    Cost of revenue                                         -
                                              -----------------
    Gross profit                                            -
    Operating expenses                                    657
                                                 -----------------
    Operating loss                                       (657)
    Loss before income taxes                             (657)
                                                 -----------------
    Income tax expense                                      -
                                                 -----------------
    Net loss                                     $       (657)
                                                 =================
    Loss per share - basic and diluted           $         (0)
                                                 -----------------
    Weighted average shares-basic and diluted          20
000
000
                                                 =================
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
                                     3

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                     PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


                                                                Deficit
                                                                Accumulated
                             Common Stock           Additional  During the    Total
                          -----------------------   Paid-In     Development   Stockholders'
                           Shares       Amount      Capital     Stage         Equity

Balance
 July 9
  2012 (Inception)             -        $     -     $    -      $      -      $     -
Issuance of common stock   20
000
000     2
000          -             -         2
000
Additional paid-in
  capital                      -              -         257             -          257
Net loss                       -              -          -          (657)         (657)
                          ==========     =======    =======     =========      =========
Balance
 December 31
 2013        20
000
000    $ 2
000     $   257      $  (657)      $ 1
600
                          ==========     =======    =======     =========      =========

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
                                    4

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                     PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                          STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                 For the period from
                                                    July 9
 2013
                                                    (Inception) to
                                                  December 31
 2013
                                                 ------------------
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
   Net loss                                      $           (657)
                                                 ------------------
   Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities
       Accrued liabilities                                    400
                                                 ------------------
       Net cash used in operating activities                 (257)
                                                 ------------------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
   Acquisition of Intangible Assets                             -
   Capital Expenditures                                         -
                                                 ------------------
       Net cash used in investing activities                    -
                                                 ------------------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock                   2
000
   Proceeds from stockholders' contribution                   257
                                                 ------------------
        Net cash provided by financing activities           2
257
                                                 ------------------
   Net increase in cash                                     2
000
   Cash
 beginning of period                                   -
                                                 ------------------
    Cash
 end of period                            $        2
000
                                                 ==================
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements
                                     5

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                     PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                       (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
                     Notes to the Financial Statements
NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
		ACCOUNTING POLICIES
NATURE OF OPERATIONS
Plum Run Acquisition Corporation (Plum Run or the Company) was
incorporated on July 9
 2013 under the laws of the state of Delaware to
engage in any lawful corporate undertaking
 including
 but not limited to
selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the
developmental stage since inception and its operations to date have been
limited to issuing shares to its original shareholders. The Company will
attempt to locate and negotiate with a business entity for the combination
of that target company with Plum Run. The combination will normally
take the form of a merger
 stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets
exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the
business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free
reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986
 as amended. No assurances can be given that the Company
will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target company.
The Company has been formed to provide a method for a foreign or domestic
private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTERPRISE
The Company has not earned any revenue from operations since inception.
Accordingly
 the Company's activities have been accounted for as those of
a Development Stage Enterprise as set forth in ASC 915
 Development
Stage Entities. Among the disclosures required by ASC 915
 are that the
Company's financial statements be identified as those of a development
stage company
 and that the statements of operations
 stockholders' equity
and cash flows disclose activity since the date of the Company's inception.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The summary of significant accounting policies presented below is
designed to assist in understanding the Company's financial statements.
Such financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations
of the Company's management
 who are responsible for their integrity and
objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) in all
material respects
 and have been consistently applied in preparing the
accompanying financial statements.
USE OF ESTIMATES
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.  Actual
results could differ from those estimates.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and on deposit at banking
institutions as well as all highly liquid short-term investments with
original maturities of 90 days or less. The Company did not have cash
equivalents as of December 31
 2013.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
CONCENTRATION OF RISK
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company
places its cash with high quality banking institutions. The Company did
not have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit as of December 31
 2013
INCOME TAXES
Under ASC 740
 Income Taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when it is
more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. As of December 31
 2013
 there were no deferred taxes due to the
uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior
to expiration.
LOSS PER COMMON SHARE
Basic loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share reflect
the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts
to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or
resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of
the entity. As of December 31
 2013
 there are no outstanding dilutive
securities.
FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Company follows guidance for accounting for fair value measurements
of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value
measurements of nonfinancial items that are recognized or disclosed at
fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. Additionally
the Company adopted guidance for fair value measurement related to
nonfinancial items that are recognized and disclosed at fair value in the
financial statements on a nonrecurring basis. The guidance establishes a
fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to measurements involving
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels
of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
  Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access
at the measurement date.
  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
indirectly.
  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
The carrying amounts of financial assets such as cash approximate their
fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN
The Company has not yet generated any revenue since inception to date
and has sustained operating losses during the period ended December 31
2013.  The Company had working capital of $1
600 and an accumulated
deficit of $657 as of December 31
 2013.  The Company's continuation as
a going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash
flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining additional
financing from its members or other sources
 as may be required.
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern; however
 the above
condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to do so.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets
or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
In order to maintain its current level of operations
 the Company will
require additional working capital from either cash flow from operations
or from the sale of its equity.  However
 the Company currently has no
commitments from any third parties for the purchase of its equity. If
the Company is unable to acquire additional working capital
 it will be
required to significantly reduce its current level of operations.
NOTE 3 - RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
Not Adopted
In April 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-07
 Presentation of
Financial Statements (Top 205): Liquidation Basis of Accounting. The
objective of ASU No. 2013-07 is to clarify when an entity should apply
the liquidation basis of accounting and to provide principles for the
measurement of assets and liabilities under the liquidation basis of
accounting
 as well as any required disclosures. The amendments in this
standard are effective prospectively for entities that determine liquidation
is imminent during annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
2013
 and interim reporting periods therein. We are evaluating the effect
if any
 adoption of ASU No. 2013-07 will have on our financial statements.
Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including
its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have
a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements.
NOTE 4   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
On July 9
 2013
 the Company issued 20
000
000 common shares to two
directors and officers for $2
000 in cash.
The Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock
and 20
000
000 shares of preferred stock. As of December 31
 2013
20
000
000 shares of common stock and no preferred stock were issued
and outstanding.
Subsequent Event
	In anticipation of a possible change in control
 and subsequent
to the date of this filing
 on March 3
 2014
 the Company changed its
name to Natural Resources Corporation and filed such change with the
State of Delaware.  The Company a Form 8-K noticing the name change
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  No agreements or contracts
have been executed to finalize any such change in control and when
 and
if
 such documents are effected
 the Company will file a Form 8-K with
the Securities and Exchange Commisison.

--------------------------------------------------------------------
                        SIGNATURES
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.
                              PLUM RUN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                              By:   /s/ James M. Cassidy
                                        James M. Cassidy
 President
					Principal executive officer
Dated:       March 26
 2014
                              By:   /s/ James M. Cassidy
                                        James M. Cassidy
 President
					Principal financial officer
Dated:        March 26
 2014
     Pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
NAME                          OFFICE              DATE
/s/ James M. Cassidy          Director            March 26
 2014








                                                       EXHIBIT 31
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
I
 James Cassidy
 certify that:
1.   I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Plum Run Acquisition
     Corporation.
2.   Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
     untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
     fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the
     circumstances under which such statements were made
 not
     misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3.   Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other
     financial information included in this report
 fairly present
     in all material respects the financial condition
 results of
     operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
     the periods presented in this report;
4.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
     responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
     controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
     and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
     defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
     registrant and have:
a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such
     disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
     supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
     registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known
     to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period
     in which this report is being prepared;
b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused
     such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
     our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
     reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
     statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
     accepted accounting principles;
c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
     controls and procedures and presented in this report our
     conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
     controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
     by this report based on such evaluations; and
d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
     internal control over financial reporting that occurred
     during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
     registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
     annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
     likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control
     over financial reporting; and
5.   The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
     based on our most recent evaluation
 to the registrant's auditors
     and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or
     persons performing the equivalent functions):
a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
     or operation of internal control over financial reporting  which
     are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
     to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
b)   Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or
     other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
     internal control over financial reporting.
      Date: March 26
 2014             /s/ James Cassidy
                                          Chief Executive Officer and
                                          Chief Financial Officer







                            EXHIBIT 32
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 I
 the
undersigned officer of Plum Run Acquisition Corporation
 (the Company)
 hereby certify to my knowledge that:
The Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
2013 of the Company fully complies
 in all material respects
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 and the information contained in the
Report fairly represents
 in all material respects
 the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.
A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by
the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.
                             /s/ James Cassidy
                                 Chief Executive Officer
                                 Chief Financial Officer
Date: March 26
 2014



