

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-17-003225
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Age Beverages Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001579823
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MALT BEVERAGES [2082]
		IRS NUMBER:				272432263
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38014
		FILM NUMBER:		17730689
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 EAST
		STREET 2:		68TH AVENUE
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80229
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-289-8655
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 EAST
		STREET 2:		68TH AVENUE
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80229
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Brewing Company
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130620








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)
]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
December 31
 2016



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________

Commission
File No. 333-193725

NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
(Formerly
American Brewing Company
 Inc.
 and B&uacute;cha
 Inc.)
(Exact
Name of Small Business Issuer as specified in its charter)



&nbsp;Washington
    
    
&nbsp;27-2432263
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(IRS
    Employer
    

    
    
    

1700
    E. 68
    
    

&nbsp;Denver
    CO 
    
&nbsp;80229
    

&nbsp;(Address
    of principal executive offices) 
    
&nbsp;(zip
    code)


(303)-289-8655



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Each Class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Shares
of common stock with a par value of $0.001
(Title
of class)

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [

Indicate
]
No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
]
No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
                                         filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
(Do
        not check if a smaller reporting company)
Smaller
    reporting company 


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
registrant had 27
700
895 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24
 2017. The aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30
 2016 was $35
916
173
as computed by reference to the closing price of such common stock on the OTCQB on such date.





    
    



NEW
AGE BEVERAGES COMPANY
FORM
10-K
FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016
TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

PART
    I
    

    
    

ITEM
    1. BUSINESS
    

    
    

ITEM
    1A. RISK FACTORS
    

    
    

ITEM
    1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
    

    
    

ITEM
    2. PROPERTIES
    

    
    

ITEM
    3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
    

    
    

ITEM
    4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
    

    
    

PART
    II
    

    
    

ITEM
    5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    

ITEM
    6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
    

    
    

ITEM
    7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    

    
    

ITEM
    7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    

    
    

ITEM
    8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
    

    
    

ITEM
    9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
    

    
    

ITEM
    9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
    

    
    

ITEM
    9B. OTHER INFORMATION
    

    
    

PART
    III
    

    
    

ITEM
    10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    

ITEM
    11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
    

    
    

ITEM
    12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
    

    
    

ITEM
    13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

    
    

ITEM
    14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
    

    
    

PART
    IV
    

    
    

ITEM
    15. EXHIBITS
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


ITEM
1. BUSINESS

Forward-Looking
Statements

This
report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or the Company&rsquo;s
future financial performance. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predicts
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential&rdquo; or &ldquo;continue&rdquo; or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
Forward-looking statements made in an annual report on Form 10-K are based upon estimates and assumptions made by us or our officers
that
 although believed to be reasonable
 are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially and adversely as compared to those contemplated or implied by such forward-looking statements.

All
forward-looking statements involve risks
 assumptions and uncertainties. These statements are only predictions and involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 including the risks in the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set
forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016
 any of which may cause our company&rsquo;s or our
industry&rsquo;s actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks may cause
the Company&rsquo;s or its industry&rsquo;s actual results
 levels of activity or performance to be materially different from
any future results
 levels of activity or performance expressed or implied by these forward looking statements.

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 it cannot guarantee future
results
 levels of activity or performance. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United
States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refer to New Age Beverages Corporation
 American Brewing Company
 Inc
 or B&uacute;cha
 Inc. Unless
otherwise specified
 all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars.


    
    




We
are a healthy functional beverage company engaged in the development
 marketing
 sales and distribution of a portfolio of Ready-to-Drink
(&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;) better-for-you beverages including competitive entrants currently in the kombucha
 RTD tea
 premium bottled
water
 and energy drinks segments. We differentiate our brands through functional characteristics and ingredients and offer all
natural and organic products
 with no high-fructose corn syrup (&ldquo;HFCS&rdquo;)
 no-Genetically Modified Organisms (&ldquo;GMOs&rdquo;)
probiotics
 no preservatives
 and only all natural flavors
 fruits
 and ingredients. We aspire to be a market leader in
the development and commercialization of healthy beverage alternatives. Our target market is currently health conscious
consumers
 who are individuals who are becoming more interested and better educated on what is included in their diets
 causing
them to shift away from options perceived as less healthy such as carbonated soft drinks or other high caloric beverages
and towards alternative beverages choices.

Corporate
History

New
Age Beverages Corporation was formed under the laws of the State of Washington on April 26
 2010
 under the name American Brewing
Company
 Inc. As part of a recapitalization and amendment to our articles of incorporation on September 25
 2013
 we also converted
its corporate entity from an &ldquo;S&rdquo; Corporation to a &ldquo;C&rdquo; Corporation.

On
April 1
 2015
 we acquired the Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 which included the brand
 Live
Kombucha. Prior to acquiring the B&uacute;cha Live Kombucha&reg; brand and business
 we were a craft brewery operation. On October
1
 2015
 American Brewing agreed to sell their brewery
 brewery assets and its related liabilities to focus exclusively on the
 brand. The assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
inventories
 prepaid assets and property and equipment. We recognized the sale of our brewery and micro-brewing operations as
a discontinued operation beginning in the third quarter of 2015
 and ultimately concluded the transaction in May 2016. In May
2016 we changed our name to B&uacute;cha
 Inc. On June 30
 2016
 we acquired the combined assets of New Age Beverages
 LLC
 Aspen
Pure
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 and Xing Beverage
 LLC
 relocated the Company&rsquo;s operational headquarters to Denver
Colorado
 and changed our name to New Age Beverages Corporation.

We
have two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 NABC
 Inc.
 and NABC Properties
 LLC.

Principal
products

Our
core business is to market
 sell
 and distribute our current brands including XingTea
 XingEnergy
Aspen Pure
 Live Kombucha brands
 and to develop new healthy functional beverage products.
We compete in the healthy functional beverage segment
 which is the growth area of RTD beverages
 as consumers gravitate toward
better for you beverage choices and away from traditionally large beverage categories including juices and carbonated soft drinks.



&reg;

 non-GMO
 non-HFCS
 RTD tea.

&reg;

 softened with black teas
 and further differentiated with unique all-natural fruit flavors
 with
no preservatives
 GMOs or HFCS. Sweetened with honey and only pure cane sugar
 comes in 14 natural sweetened
and unsweetened flavors in a range of packages from 23.5 oz cans to 16 oz Pet multipacks and gallon jugs
 and is produced in New
Age&rsquo;s network of six manufacturers across the United States.

&reg;

specialty outlets to hypermarkets to club stores
 is the number one ranking
tasting tea in North America of 250 other brands
 won the North American Tea competition
 and has less than one half the calories
of major competitors
 and is sweetened with Honey and Pure Cane Sugar vs. major competitors that predominantly use high fructose
competes in the RTD Tea category that according to Euromonitor International
exceeded $50 Billion in annual revenue. According to the World Research Report
 the RTD Tea Market has been averaging a 10.9%
compound annual growth rate since 2012
 and is expected to reach a combined size of $125 Billion in 2017.



&reg;

 non-GMO
 non-HFCS
 vitamin-enriched
 better-for-you Energy Drink
 made with all natural fruit flavors
and contains the full recommended daily allowance of B-Complex vitamins.

&reg;

 Grape Attack
 Mad Melon
 and Grapefruit Go packaged in 16 oz cans
 sold
individually
 competes in the Energy Drinks category
 and according
to Investopedia
 the global Energy Drink Market size was $49.9 Billion in 2014.


    
    


Aspen
Pure

Aspen
 PH is a naturally PH-balanced
 artesian-well sourced water from the Colorado Rocky Mountains
 and
 Probiotic is one of the world&rsquo;s first
 shelf-stable (no refrigeration required) probiotic water
with more than 12 different probiotic strains and more than 12 billion CFU&rsquo;s (colony forming units (probiotics)) in every
serving
 and 2 years of shelf-life

Aspen
 has no added minerals or electrolytes
 and comes out of the ground at a natural PH-balanced level of up to
 is then purified and bottled at the source in New Age&rsquo;s own manufacturing facilities. Aspen
 competes in the Premium Bottled Water Category. According to Beverage Marketing Corporation
 global
bottled water sales reached 87 Billion Gallons in 2015 and experienced a compound annual growth rate 6.9% between 2010 and 2015.
According to Transparency International the Market size for bottled water was $169.9 Billion in 2015.

&reg;


&reg;

 all-natural
 non-GMO
 non-HFCS
 fermented Kombucha tea with more than two billion
CFU&rsquo;s in every serving.

&reg;

with many other Kombuchas and provides the brand with an industry leading nine-month shelf life as compared to the typical 90-day
shelf life of our competitors&rsquo; products. The production process also leads to consistency and stability with no risk of
secondary fermentation
 secondary alcohol production
 incremental sugar production or over-carbonation
 and is one of the world&rsquo;s
first Kombucha&rsquo;s that is shelf-stable (no refrigeration required) with no degradation to flavor or the probiotics organisms
in every serving.

&reg;

 proprietary kombucha culture and probiotics
 unique yeast strains and cultures
 and all natural
 Live Kombucha comes in seven flavors including Raspberry Pomegranate
Blood Orange
 Guava Mango
 Grapefruit Sage
 Elderflower Green Tea
 Yuzu Lemon
 and Tropical Honey Blossom Ginger packaged in 16
oz glass bottles. The brand is sold in traditional grocery and health food and specialty outlets
 and is beginning to expand distribution
from California across the United States in mainstream retail and down the street outlets with the support of major DSD partners.
competes in the Kombucha Category
 that according to Grand View Research reached $700 million in
2015 from $49 million in 2011
 a compound annual growth rate of 69.3%.

In
October of 2016
 we entered into a management agreement
 pursuant to which we took over the Sales
 Marketing and Distribution
of the Marley Beverage Company. The management agreement enabled the Company to enter into the RTD Coffee segment and Relaxation
. While
both companies continue to be separate entities both operationally and financially
 the addition to the portfolio enables us to
increase our relevance with key retailer and distributor partners with a broader portfolio of offerings
 and enables the Marley
Beverage Company to leverage our infrastructure
 sales force and scale.

Competitive
Strengths

We
differentiate our brands primarily through functional points of difference between our products and those of our competitors
including the characteristics of being certified organic and/or all natural
 containing no GMO and no preservatives
being sweetened with only honey or pure cane sugar
 and containing fewer calories
 shelf-stable or longer shelf life
 and
other functional benefits than our competitors&rsquo; products. In addition
 we have begun to build the emotional benefit platforms
behind each of our brands.

Direct
Store Delivery Distribution Network

We
have our own DSD distribution group in Colorado and a network of other DSD partners in major geographies throughout the United
States. Our Colorado DSD group includes 24 truck routes
 with a 20 person sales team
 and a 20 person merchandising team
 covering
more than 4
500 outlets for more than 60 brands and more than 600 sku&rsquo;s. The DSD arm of our business is a test bed for new
products before national rollout
 provides an early warning system for any new emerging competitive brands or beverage segments
and gives the group near captive control of the shelf space across the 6
000 outlets the group services. In addition
to our own DSD distribution
 the Company has spent the past 10 years developing a national DSD network with other major DSD regional
and independent operators. The Company&rsquo;s own network coupled with its national DSD partner network
 represents a significant
competitive advantage and barrier to entry for many other smaller beverage companies.

Beverage
distributors can distribute their products directly through customer warehouses
 but distribution via DSD is preferred by customers
as it substantially reduces labor and other overhead costs when distributors manage the freight
 stocking and merchandising of
their products directly to the retailers&rsquo; shelves. Although it is more expensive for the brand owner
 the benefits of captive
shelf space
 merchandising at the point of sale
 and penetration of a significantly greater number of smaller and independent
outlets justify the added expense.


    
    


Reliance
on Third Party Suppliers and Distributors

We
rely on various suppliers for the raw and packaging materials
 production
 sale and distribution of our products. Our third party
distribution providers are for certain areas of the country that are outside of our owned DSD distribution network. The material
terms of these relationships are typically annually negotiated and include pricing
 quality standards
 delivery times and conditions
purchase orders
 and payment terms. Payment terms are typically net 30
 meaning that the total invoiced amount is expected to
be paid in full within 30 days from when the date on which the products or services are provided. We believe that we have sufficient
options for each of our raw and packaging material needs
 as well as our third party distribution needs and also have long term
relationships with each of our suppliers and distributors
 resulting in consistency in quality and supply. We also believe that
we have sufficient breadth of retail relationships with distribution in both large and small retailers and independents and across
multiple channels (mass
 club
 pharmacies
 convenience
 and small and large format retailers) throughout the United States.

The
contractual arrangements with all third parties
 including suppliers
 manufacturers
 distributors and retailers are typical of
the beverage industry with standard terms. We have no long-term obligations with any of the third parties nor do any of them have
long-term obligations with us. The third party supplier
 manufacturing and distribution agreements were entered into in the normal
course of business within the guidelines of industry practices and are not deemed material and definite.

Significant
Customers

For
the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue.
As of December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts
receivable. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 three customers represented
approximately 84.5% (28.1%
 18.9% and 18.6%) of revenue.

Marketing
and Consumer Connection Expertise To Next Generation Consumers

We
have the marketing capability to facilitate connections with consumers
 and to build awareness
 drive trial
 begin conversion
and develop brand preference amongst consumers
 and do so in a cost effective manner. We possess significant internal marketing
expertise spanning development of communication and programs across all marketing mediums. To effectively compete against major
beverage companies
 we focus most of our activities on in-store merchandising
 experiential and event marketing
 and social and
digital marketing activities. Further developing these capabilities to connect with millennials and more informed and health conscious
consumers will further differentiate our marketing capabilities to connect with a targeted set of consumers and do so in a cost
advantaged manner.

Infrastructure
Organizational Capabilities

In
addition to having an asset footprint that includes our own warehousing
 our own trucks and DSD assets
 our own manufacturing
and a network of other long-term manufacturing partners
 we have a full scale of resources across every major function with depth
in supply chain
 production
 procurement
 shipping
 finance
 sales
 marketing
 distribution
 and research and development. We
define organizational capability strength as having the people
 the processes
 the systems
 the information and the environment/culture
to deliver superior
 sustainable
 and profitable organic growth. We are emplacing initiatives in each of the areas of organizational
capabilities to strengthen the metric-driven
 performance-oriented organization.


    
    


Experienced
Leadership Team

Each
member of our leadership team at New Age possesses 15 to 25 years of experience in the beverage industry
 spanning all facets
of beverage operations. The combination of operating skills from our management team with the experience of successfully leading
major multi-billion dollar
 multinational beverage companies gives our organization a significant strength relative to most small-
and medium-sized beverage companies.

Growth
Strategies

Our
long-term objective is to become a major healthy functional beverage company. Based on available information
we believe we are one of the top 20 healthy beverage companies worldwide today. We intend to achieve our goal by driving
organic growth behind our existing portfolio of healthy functional beverages
 in all relevant packages and product formats
 across
all major retail channels
 in all major markets
 through an aligned network of retailer and distributor partners.

Our
key growth strategies include the following:



    
    
Drive
    Pervasive Availability on Expanded Brand Portfolio via a Key Account
 Multi-Channel
 Hybrid Route-to-Market Approach;

    
    
    

    
    
Begin
    Penetration of Close-in International Markets to Capitalize on Global Health &amp; Wellness Trends;

    
    
    

    
    
Broaden
    New Age DSD Operations with Expanded Portfolio
 Deeper Penetration by Channel &amp; Improved Systems;

    
    
    

    
    
Build
    Brand Platforms with Leading Next Gen Healthy Functional Beverages
 In-Store Activation &amp; Consumer Connecting Activities;

    
    
    

    
    
Strengthen
    Organizational Capabilities and improve Margins Through Overhauling COGS and Installing ZBB on all OPEX;

    
    
    

    
    
Upgrading
    infrastructure
 systems and processes with enterprise resource planning systems
 improved financial reporting
 operating expense
    control
 and strengthened key metrics and accounting and control procedures; and

    
    
    

    
    
Strengthening
    our financial foundation via accessing the capital markets
 solidifying long-term banking partners and facilities
 and pursuing
    transformative organic and external growth. 


Recent
Developments

On
January 10
 2017
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 NABC Properties
 LLC
 entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with an unaffiliated
third party. Pursuant to the agreement
 NABC Properties
 LLC entered into a commitment to sell the property located at
 Avenue
 Denver
 CO 80229 for a purchase price of $8
900
000. $100
000 of the purchase price was paid upon
execution of the agreement
 with the balance of $8
800
000 to be paid on or before March 31
 2017. The agreement contains a lease
back provision
 whereby NABC Properties
 LLC shall lease the property for an initial term of ten years
 with an option to extend
for two successive five year periods. The lease cost is $52
000 per month for the initial year
 with two percent annual increases.

Sales
and Marketing

We
currently have an in-house sales and merchandising team consisting of approximately 75 individuals throughout the United
States
 whose compensation is highly variable and highly performance-based. Each sales person has individual targets for increasing
&ldquo;base&rdquo; volume through distribution expansion
 and &ldquo;incremental&rdquo; volume through promotions and other in-store
merchandising and display activity. As distribution to new major customers
 new major channels
 or new major markets increases
we will expand the sales and marketing team on a variable basis.

We
market our products using a range of marketing mediums including in-store merchandising and promotions
 experiential marketing
events
 and sponsorships
 digital marketing and social media
 direct marketing
 and traditional media including print
 radio
outdoor
 and TV.


    
    




Our
products are currently distributed in 10 countries internationally
 and in 46 states domestically through a hybrid of four routes
to market including our own direct store distribution (&ldquo;DSD&rdquo;) system that reaches more than 6
000 outlets
and to more than 20
000 other outlets throughout the United States directly through customer&rsquo;s warehouses
 through
our network of DSD partners
 and through our network of brokers and natural product distributors. Our products are sold through
multiple channels including major grocery retail
 natural food retail
 specialty outlets
 hypermarkets
 club stores
 pharmacies
convenience stores and gas stations.

Our
sales strategy is to distribute our products worldwide through a series of distributors to retail consumers. We are relying on
distribution relationships to grow and maintain revenues. Presently
 we have several distribution agreements in place for our
products in the United States
 as well as internationally.

We
do not obtain commitments from our distributors to purchase or sell a minimum amount of our products or to purchase or sell such
products at a minimum price. Because our sales may be concentrated with a few customers
 our results of operations may be materially
adversely affected if one of these customers significantly reduces the volume of its purchases or demands a reduction in price
which may occur at any time due to the absence of such purchase commitments.

Research
and Development Activities 

Our
research and development efforts are focused on two primary paths. The first is to continually review our existing formulas and
production processes and structure to evaluate opportunities for cost of goods sold improvements
 without degrading the quality
or fundamentally changing the consumer appeal taste profile of our existing products. The second major research and development
effort is in the development of new flavors or adding in new trending functional characteristics to our existing products
 and
to develop new beverage types based on consumer insights and trends. The Company&rsquo;s mission to only provide healthy functional
beverages governs our development efforts.



We
experience some seasonality whereby the peak summer months show a higher level of sales and consumption. However
 the structure
of our business and range of products in our portfolio mitigate any major fluctuations. Our revenue during the peak summer months
have historically been approximately 20% greater than the peak winter months
 and as our portfolio and geographic penetration
have further expanded
 the level of seasonal peaks has diminished.



The
beverage industry
 specifically the healthy beverage industry
 is highly competitive. We face intense competition from very large
international corporations
 as well as from local and national companies. In addition
 we face competition from well-known companies
that have large market share.

The
intensity of competition in the future is expected to increase and no assurance can be provided that we can sustain our market
position or expand our business.

Many
of our current and potential competitors are well established and have longer operating histories
 significantly greater financial
and operational resources
 and name recognition than we have. However
 we believe that with our diverse product line
 consisting
of kombucha tea
 green tea
 water and energy beverages
 it will give us the ability to obtain a large market share
 and continue
to generate sales and compete in the industry.

Patents
and Trademarks

We
hold United States trademarks
 Serial Numbers 86694956 and 85087186 for Bucha&reg;. We also hold United States trademarks
 Serial
Numbers 85025636 and 76438612 for Aspen Pure&reg;
 Serial Number 85347345 for Just Pure Water
 Serial Number 77312629
for XingEnergy
 Serial Number 77050595 for XingTea
 and Serial Number 77312679 for Xing Soda
all of which were acquired in our acquisition of Xing. Any encroachment upon our proprietary information
 including the unauthorized
use of our brand name
 the use of a similar name by a competing company or a lawsuit initiated either by us or against us for
infringement upon proprietary information or improper use of a trademark
 may affect our ability to create brand name recognition
cause customer confusion and/or have a detrimental effect on our business due to the cost of defending any potential litigation
related to infringement. Litigation or proceedings before the U.S. or International Patent and Trademark Offices may be necessary
in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights
 to protect our trade secrets and/or to determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation or adverse proceeding could result in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and could seriously harm our business operations and/or results of operations.


    
    


Government
and Industry Regulation

We
are subject to a variety of federal
 state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. These laws and regulations apply to many
aspects of our business including the manufacture
 safety
 labeling
 transportation
 advertising and sale of our products. Violations
of these laws or regulations in the manufacture
 safety
 labeling
 transportation and advertising of our products could damage
our reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. For example
 changes in recycling and bottle deposit
laws or special taxes on our beverages and our ingredients could increase our costs. Regulatory focus on the health
 safety and
marketing of beverage products is increasing. Certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products
such as California&rsquo;s &ldquo;Prop 65
&rdquo; which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists
as potentially causing cancer or birth defects
 are or could become applicable to our products. At this time
 our products do
not require government approval
 but as federal or state laws change
 the manufacture or quality of our products may become subject
to additional regulation.

We
are also subject to the Securities Act
 the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 and Washington and Colorado Corporation Law.
We will also be subject to common business and tax rules and regulations pertaining to the operation of our business
 such as
the United States Internal Revenue Tax Code and the Washington and Colorado State Tax Codes
 as well as international tax codes
and shipping tariffs. We will also be subject to proprietary regulations such as United States Trademark and Patent Law as it
applies to the intellectual property of third parties. We believe that the effects of existing or probable governmental regulations
will be additional responsibilities of management to ensure that we are in compliance with securities regulations as they apply
to our products as well as ensuring that we do not infringe on any proprietary rights of others with respect to our products.
We will also need to maintain accurate financial records in order to remain compliant with securities regulations as well as any
corporate tax liability we incur.



As
of the date of this prospectus
 we have 130 fulltime employees. Our activities are managed by our officers and directors.



Our
operations
 Avenue
Denver
 on our Colorado
property (until the planned sale on March 31
 2017)
 for which we pay $26
000 per month in principal and interest.
We consider the current space to be adequate and will reassess our needs based upon future growth. Our manufacturing facilities
are located in Alamosa
 Colorado for our Aspen Pure product.


    
    



ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

Any
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and
all of the information contained in this prospectus before deciding whether to purchase our common stock. Our business
 financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by these risks if any of them actually occur. This prospectus
also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including the risks we face as described
below and elsewhere in this prospectus.

Risks
Related to our Financial Condition

We
have incurred losses to date and may continue to incur losses.


We
have incurred net losses since we commenced operations. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 our net operating loss
was $3
633
079. On a pro forma basis
 after giving effect to our acquisition of Xing
 we generated pro forma net loss
from operations of $3
329
841 for the year ended December 31
 2016. We have incurred net losses in each fiscal year
since our inception. We had net losses of $1
031
311 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and
$72
022 for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) on the previous standalone Bucha operation.

We
had an accumulated deficit of $6
964
as of December
31
 2016. As of December 31
 2015
 we had an accumulated deficit of $3
331
878. These losses have had
 and likely will continue
to have
 an adverse effect on our working capital
 assets
 and equity. In order to achieve and sustain such revenue growth in
the future
 we must significantly expand our market presence and revenues from existing and new customers. We may continue to
incur losses in the future and may never generate revenues sufficient to become profitable or to sustain profitability. Continuing
losses may impair our ability to raise the additional capital required to continue and expand our operations.


Until
the acquisition of New Age Beverages
ur auditors
expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


The Report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to our December 31
 2015 (Successor)
financial statements
 which do not take into account our acquisition of Xing
 which occurred on June 30
 2016. Our Annual Report
Form 10-K filed on April 7
 2016 includes an explanatory paragraph stating that the recurring losses
 an accumulated deficit and
a working capital deficit at December 31
 2015 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the
previous standalone company (Successor).


    
    


We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo;
could make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we are an emerging growth company
 we
may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory &ldquo;say-on-pay&rdquo; votes on executive compensation
and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 or more;
(ii) the last date of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock under this
registration statement; (iii) the date on which we have
 during the previous three-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000
in non-convertible debt; and (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; under the Exchange
Act. We will be deemed a large accelerated filer on the first day of the fiscal year after the market value of our common equity
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700
000
000
 measured on January 1.

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging
growth companies. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

In
addition
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging
growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies.

A
Company that elects to be treated as an emerging growth company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the
earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as indexed
for inflation)
 (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock
under this registration statement; (iii) the date on which it has
 during the previous 3-year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000
in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which is deemed to be a &lsquo;large accelerated filer&rsquo; as defined by the SEC
which would generally occur upon it attaining a public float of at least $700
000
000.

Risks
Related to our Business

Growth
of operations will depend on the acceptance of our products and consumer discretionary spending.

The
acceptance of our healthy functional beverage products
 including our newly acquired tea
 energy drink and bottled water products
by our customers is critically important to our success. Shifts in user preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop
effective healthy beverage products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our products that eliminate items popular with some
consumers could harm our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary user spending
 which is
influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly
 we may experience an inability
to generate revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty
 where users may decide to purchase beverage products
that are cheaper or to forego purchasing any type of healthy beverage products
 due to a lack of available capital. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business
and financial condition.


    
    



We
cannot be certain that the products that we offer will become
 or continue to be
 appealing and as a result there may not be any
demand for these products and our sales could decrease
 which would result in a loss of revenue. Additionally
 there is no guarantee
that interest in our products will continue
 which could adversely affect our business and revenues.

Demand
for products which we sell depends on many factors
 including:



    
    
the
    number of customers we are able to attract and retain over time;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    competitive environment in the healthy beverage industry
 as well as the beverage industry as a whole
 may force us to reduce
    prices below our desired pricing level or increase promotional spending; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    ability to anticipate changes in user preferences and to meet customers&rsquo; needs in a timely cost effective manner;


All
of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for the products we plan to offer
 which could
adversely affect our sales
 cash flows and overall financial condition. An investor could lose his or her entire investment as
a result.

We
have limited management resources and are dependent on key executives.

We
are currently relying on key individuals to continue our business and operations and
 in particular
 the professional expertise
and services of Mr. Brent Willis
 Chief Executive Officer
 as well as key members of our executive management team and others
in key management positions. In addition
 our future success depends in large part on the continued service of Mr. Willis. We
have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Willis
 but the existence of an employment agreement does not guarantee retention
of Mr. Willis and we may not be able to retain Mr. Willis for the duration of or beyond the end of his term. If our officers and
directors chose not to serve or if they are unable to perform their duties
 and we are unable to retain a replacement qualified
individual or individuals
 this could have an adverse effect on our business operations
 financial condition and operating results
if we are unable to replace the current officers and directors with other qualified individuals.

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our business.

If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports
 our operating results could be harmed. All internal control systems
 no matter how
well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Based on our evaluation
 our management concluded
that there was a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31
 2015. The
material weakness identified did not result in the restatement of any previously reported financial statements or any related
financial disclosure
 nor does management believe that it had any effect on the accuracy of our financial statements for the year
ended December 31
 2015. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of control deficiencies
 in internal control over
financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Prior to our acquisition of Xing
 all of our financial reporting
was carried out by external accounting personnel. We believe that the lack of internal accounting staff resulted in a lack of
segregation of duties and the accounting technical expertise necessary for an effective system of internal control. Because of
the material weakness described above
 management concluded that
 as of December 31
 2015
 our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective. While we continue to evaluate and improve our internal controls and have acquired an internal cost
accounting team as part of the acquisition of Xing
 we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure adequate controls over
our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls
 or difficulties
encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Failure
to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information
 which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. Failure to comply with Section 404 could also potentially
subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. With the addition of the financial resources
from the acquisition of Xing
 we believe that the weaknesses identified above have been remediated to a significant degree
 and
have not had any material affect on our financial results. In addition
 we have hired a new controller
 with public company accounting
experience in order to provide for the appropriate segregation of duties. We also believe that with the additional financial resources
and external support
 which were added during the third quarter
 that multiple levels of supervision and review now exist over
period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. As a result
 management believes that our material weakness have been
effectively remediated.


    
    


Competition
that we face is varied and strong.

Our
products and industry as a whole are subject to competition. There is no guarantee that we can develop or sustain a market position
or expand our business. We anticipate that the intensity of competition in the future will increase.

We
compete with a number of entities in providing products to our customers. Such competitor entities include: (1) a variety of large
multinational corporations engaged in the beverage and healthy beverage industries
 including but not limited to companies that
have established loyal customer bases over several decades; (2) healthy beverage companies that have an established customer base
and have the same or a similar business plan as we do and may be looking to expand nationwide; and (3) a variety of other local
and national healthy beverage companies with which we either currently or may
 in the future
 compete.

Many
of our current and potential competitors are well established and have longer operating histories
 significantly greater financial
and operational resources
 and greater name and brand recognition than we have. As a result
 these competitors may have greater
credibility with both existing and potential customers. They also may be able to offer more products and more aggressively promote
and sell their products. Our competitors may also be able to support more aggressive pricing than we will be able to
 which could
adversely affect sales
 cause us to decrease our prices to remain competitive
 or otherwise reduce the overall gross profit earned
on our products.

Our
industry requires the attraction and retention of talented employees.

Success
in the beverage industry
 specifically as it relates to our healthy functional beverage products
 does and will continue to require
the acquisition and retention of highly talented and experienced individuals. Due to the growth in the market segment targeted
such individuals and the talent and experience they possess is in high demand. There is no guarantee that we will be able to attract
and maintain access to such individuals. If we fail to attract
 train
 motivate and retain talented personnel
 our business
 financial
condition
 and operating results may be materially and adversely impacted
 which could result in the loss of your entire investment.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers of raw and packaging materials.

We
rely upon a limited number of suppliers for raw and packaging materials used to make and package our products. Our success will
depend in part upon our ability to successfully secure such materials from suppliers that are delivered with consistency and at
a quality that meets our requirements. The price and availability of these materials are subject to market conditions. Increases
in the price of our products due to the increase in the cost of raw materials could have a negative effect on our business.

If
we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of raw and packaging materials
 delays or reductions in product shipments could
occur which would have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. The supply and
price of raw materials used to produce our products can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control
 such as frosts
droughts
 other weather conditions
 economic factors affecting growing decisions
 and various plant diseases and pests. If any
of the foregoing were to occur
 no assurance can be given that such condition would not have a material adverse effect on our
business
 financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 our results of operations are dependent upon our ability
to accurately forecast our requirements of raw materials. Any failure by us to accurately forecast its demand for raw materials
could result in an inability to meet higher than anticipated demand for products or producing excess inventory
 either of which
may adversely affect our results of operations.

We
depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales.

Food
and beverage retailers in the U.S. and other markets have been consolidating
 resulting in large
 sophisticated retailers with
increased buying power. They are in a better position to resist our price increases and demand lower prices. They also have leverage
to require us to provide larger
 more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. If we and our bottlers and distributors
do not successfully provide appropriate marketing
 product
 packaging
 pricing and service to these retailers
 our product availability
sales and margins could suffer. Certain retailers make up a significant percentage of our products&rsquo; retail volume
 including
volume sold by our bottlers and distributors. Some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some
of our brands. The loss of sales of any of our products by a major retailer could have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial performance.

We
depend on third party manufacturers for a portion of our business.

A
portion of our sales revenue is dependent on third party manufacturers that we do not control. The majority of these manufacturers&rsquo;
business comes from producing and/or selling either their own products or our competitors&rsquo; products. As independent companies
these manufacturers make their own business decisions. They may have the right to determine whether
 and to what extent
 they
manufacture our products
 our competitors&rsquo; products and their own products. They may devote more resources to other products
or take other actions detrimental to our brands. In most cases
 they are able to terminate their manufacturing arrangements with
us without cause. We may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass on price increases
to them. Their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond our control
 and our business could suffer
as a result. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third party manufacturers. Any
of these factors could negatively affect our business and financial performance.


    
    


Failure
of third-party distributors upon which we rely could adversely affect our business.

We
rely heavily on third party distributors for the sale of our products to retailers. The loss of a significant distributor could
have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Our distributors may also provide
distribution services to competing brands
 as well as larger
 national or international brands
 and may be to varying degrees
influenced by their continued business relationships with other larger beverage
 and specifically
 healthy beverage companies.
Our independent distributors may be influenced by a large competitor if they rely on that competitor for a significant portion
of their sales. There can be no assurance that our distributors will continue to effectively market and distribute our products.
The loss of any distributor or the inability to replace a poorly performing distributor in a timely fashion could have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore
 no assurance can be given that we
will successfully attract new distributors as they increase their presence in their existing markets or expand into new markets.

Substantial
disruption to production at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur.

A
disruption in production at our beverage manufacturing facility could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition
a disruption could occur at any of our other facilities or those of our suppliers
 bottlers or distributors. The disruption could
occur for many reasons
 including fire
 natural disasters
 weather
 water scarcity
 manufacturing problems
 disease
 strikes
transportation or supply interruption
 government regulation
 cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. Alternative facilities with
sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available
 may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start
production
 each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.

We
are subject to seasonality related to sales of our products.


Our
business is subject to substantial seasonal fluctuations. Historically
 a significant portion of our net sales and net earnings
has been realized during the period from May through September. Accordingly
 our operating results may vary significantly from
quarter to quarter. We reported an operating loss for the twelve-month period ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and December
31
 2015 (Successor). Our operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of any other results.
If for any reason our sales were to be substantially below seasonal norms
 our annual revenues and earnings could be materially
and adversely affected.

We
may fail to comply with applicable government laws and regulations.

We
are subject to a variety of federal
 state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. These laws and regulations apply to many
aspects of our business including the manufacture
 safety
 labeling
 transportation
 advertising and sale of our products. Violations
of these laws or regulations in the manufacture
 safety
 labeling
 transportation and advertising of our products could damage
our reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. In addition
 any significant change in such laws
or regulations or their interpretation
 or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations
 could result
in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures. For example
 changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes
on our beverages and our ingredients could increase our costs. Regulatory focus on the health
 safety and marketing of beverage
products is increasing. Certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of our products
 such as California&rsquo;s
&ldquo;Prop 65
&rdquo; which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer
or birth defects
 are or could become applicable to our products.

We
face various operating hazards that could result in the reduction of our operations.

Our
operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by beverage companies that manufacture and distribute water
tea and energy drink products
 such as defective products
 contaminated products and damaged products. The occurrence of such
a problem could result in a costly product recall and serious damage to our reputation for product quality
 as well as potential
lawsuits. Although we maintain insurance against certain risks under various general liability and product liability insurance
policies
 no assurance can be given that our insurance will be adequate to fully cover any incidents of product contamination
or injuries resulting from our operations and our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain
insurance with adequate coverage for liabilities or risks arising from our business operations on acceptable terms. Even if the
insurance is adequate
 insurance premiums could increase significantly which could result in higher costs to us.

Litigation
and publicity concerning product quality
 health and other issues could adversely affect our results of operations
 business and
financial condition.

Our
business could be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from customers or government authorities resulting from product
defects or product contamination. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether the
allegations are true
 by discouraging customers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if a lawsuit
or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result. Further
 any litigation may cause our
key employees to expend resources and time normally devoted to the operations of our business.


    
    


Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property

It
is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights.

Our
commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining trademark protection and trade secret protection of our products
and brands
 as well as successfully defending these trademarks against third-party challenges. We will only be able to protect
our intellectual property related to our trademarks and brands to the extent that we have rights under valid and enforceable trademarks
or trade secrets that cover our products and brands. Changes in either the trademark laws or in interpretations of trademark laws
in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly
 we cannot predict the breadth
of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our issued trademarks or in third-party patents. The degree of future protection
for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our
rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage.

We
may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend
 and could result in our
loss of significant rights and the assessment of treble damages.

From
time to time we may face intellectual property infringement
 misappropriation
 or invalidity/non-infringement claims from third
parties. Some of these claims may lead to litigation. The outcome of any such litigation can never be guaranteed
 and an adverse
outcome could affect us negatively. For example
 were a third party to succeed on an infringement claim against us
 we may be
required to pay substantial damages (including up to treble damages if such infringement were found to be willful). In addition
we could face an injunction
 barring us from conducting the allegedly infringing activity. The outcome of the litigation could
require us to enter into a license agreement which may not be under acceptable
 commercially reasonable
 or practical terms or
we may be precluded from obtaining a license at all. It is also possible that an adverse finding of infringement against us may
require us to dedicate substantial resources and time in developing non-infringing alternatives
 which may or may not be possible.
In the case of diagnostic tests
 we would also need to include non-infringing technologies which would require us to re-validate
our tests. Any such re-validation
 in addition to being costly and time consuming
 may be unsuccessful.

Finally
we may initiate claims to assert or defend our own intellectual property against third parties. Any intellectual property litigation
irrespective of whether we are the plaintiff or the defendant
 and regardless of the outcome
 is expensive and time-consuming
and could divert our management&rsquo;s attention from our business and negatively affect our operating results or financial condition.

We
may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property
or claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property.

Although
we try to ensure that we
 our employees
 and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others
in their work for us
 we may be subject to claims that we
 our employees
 or independent contractors have used or disclosed intellectual
property in violation of others&rsquo; rights. These claims may cover a range of matters
 such as challenges to our trademarks
as well as claims that our employees or independent contractors are using trade secrets or other proprietary information of any
such employee&rsquo;s former employer or independent contractors. As a result
 we may be forced to bring claims against third
parties
 or defend claims they may bring against us
 to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property.
If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims
 in addition to paying monetary damages
 we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims
 litigation could result
in substantial costs and be a distraction to management.

Risks
Related to our Common Stock and this Offering

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile and adversely affected by several factors.

The
market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly in response to various factors and events
 including:



    
    
our
    ability to integrate operations
 products and services;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to execute our business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
operating
    results below expectations;

    
    
    

    
    
litigation
    regarding product contamination;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    issuance of additional securities
 including debt or equity or a combination thereof
 which will be necessary to fund our
    operating expenses;

    
    
    

    
    
announcements
    of new or similar products by our competitors;

    
    
    

    
    
loss
    of any strategic relationship
 including raw material provider or distributor relationships;

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    and other external factors; and

    
    
    

    
    
period-to-period
    fluctuations in our financial results. 


In
addition
 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.


    
    


We
have not
 and may never pay dividends to shareholders

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings
if any
 to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future.

The
declaration
 payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors
 and will depend
upon
 among other things
 the results of our operations
 cash flows and financial condition
 operating and capital requirements
and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid
 and
if dividends are paid
 there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. If we do not pay dividends
 our
common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&rsquo;s investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates.

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of NASDAQ could result in a delisting of our common stock.

If
we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of NASDAQ
 such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum
closing bid price requirement
 NASDAQ may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative
effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do
so. In the event of a delisting
 we would take actions to restore our compliance with NASDAQ listing requirements
 but we can
provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again
 stabilize the market
price or improve the liquidity of our common stock
 prevent our common stock from dropping below the NASDAQ minimum bid price
requirement or prevent future non-compliance with NASDAQ listing requirements.

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade
our common stock
 the price of our common stock could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us
and our business. We do not control these analysts. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analyst
downgrades our stock or if analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about
us or our business.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS




    
    


ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Our
operations
 Avenue
Denver
 CO 80229. We hold a mortgage on our Colorado property (expected until March 31
 2017)
 for which we pay $26
000
per month in principal and interest. We consider the current space to be adequate and will reassess our needs based upon future
growth. Our manufacturing facilities are located in Alamosa
 Colorado for our Aspen Pure product.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We
know of no material proceedings in which any of our directors
 officers or affiliates
 or any registered or beneficial stockholder
is a party adverse to our company or has a material interest adverse to our company.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices of our common stock as reported and summarized on the NASDAQ
market
 as applicable
 for the periods indicated. These prices are based on inter-dealer bid and asked prices
 without markup
markdown
 commissions
 or adjustments and may not represent actual transactions.



Calendar
    Quarter
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

2017 First Quarter
                                   (through March 17
 2017)

    

    



Holders
of Our Common Stock


314
holders of common stock and there are 27
700
895 shares of our common stock outstanding.

Dividend
Policy

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock for the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on common stock
 if any
 in the future is within the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend on our earnings
 capital requirements and financial condition and other relevant facts.
We currently intend to retain all future earnings
 if any
 to finance the development and growth of our business.


    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The
Company has a long-term incentive plan for employees and other associates adopted July 1
 2016 that allows for up to 1
600
000
shares of common stock
 stock options
 or stock appreciation rights annually. Although the Company does not expect to ever issue
the full annual allotment
 it may utilize portions of this amount to incent internal associates and other key business partners
to facilitate alignment to and execution of its annual business plans.

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities

We
have not purchased any of our equity securities.


    
    



ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the section
entitled &ldquo;Selected Financial Data&rdquo; and our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Information
Statement. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Information Statement
including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing
 includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See &ldquo;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo; Our actual
results may differ materially from those described below. You should read the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section of this Information
Statement for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described
in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.



We
are a healthy functional beverage company engaged in the development
 marketing
 sales and distribution of a portfolio of RTD
better-for-you beverages including competitive entrants currently in the kombucha
 RTD tea
 premium bottled water
 and energy
drinks segments. We differentiate our brands through functional characteristics and ingredients and offer all natural and certified
organic products
 with no HFCS
 no GMOs
 no preservatives
 and only all natural flavors
 fruits
 and ingredients and extended
shelf life&rsquo;s or shelf stable technical advantages. We manufacture our products in our own fully-integrated manufacturing
facilities and through a network of six additional manufacturers strategically located throughout the United States. Our products
are currently distributed in 10 countries internationally
 and in 46 states domestically through a hybrid of four routes to market
including our own DSD system that reaches more than 6
000 outlets
 and to more than 20
000 other outlets throughout
the United States directly through customer&rsquo;s warehouses
 through our network of DSD partners
 and through our network of
brokers and natural product distributors. Our products are sold through multiple channels including major grocery retail
 natural
food retail
 specialty outlets
 hypermarkets
 club stores
 pharmacies
 convenience stores and gas stations. We market our products
using a range of marketing mediums including in-store merchandising and promotions
 experiential marketing
 events
 and sponsorships
digital marketing and social media
 direct marketing
 and traditional media including print
 radio
 outdoor
 and TV.



We
generate revenue through the commercialization of our portfolio of brands to consumers via our retailer partners. The following
are highlights of our operating results for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 as well as for the nine months
ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) on a standalone
 pre-acquisition
basis:

The following
are highlights of our operating results for the year ended December 31
 2016:



    
&#9679;
    
    
    During the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 we generated revenue of $25
301
806. Our revenue for the period is primarily
    attributed to our acquisition of the Xing brands and the related increase in demand for Xing products
 as well as expanded
    distribution on the B&uacute;cha Live Kombucha brand. The 2016 revenue reflects full year B&uacute;cha
 Inc. results but
    only 6 months of Xing performance as it was acquired June 30
 2016.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    Gross margin was 23%
 and gross profit was $5
796
226 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). Our margin during
    the year ended December 31
 2016 was due to a trending improvement in cost of goods sold related to raw material sourcing.
    Cost of goods sold remains the Company&rsquo;s most significant opportunity to improve net profitability. Our cost of goods
    sold for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 was $19
505
580. As part of the newly integrated Company
 we are pursuing
    a top to bottom review of every cost input and pursuing all potential cost synergies from the combination of our prior business
    with the newly acquired Xing brands.

    
    
    

    
    
Operating expenses.
During the year ended December 31
 2016
 our operating expenses
    were $9
422
983. Our operating expenses related to an increased employee base in the Xing division of our business
    in addition to one-time expenses associated with the acquisition of Xing that are not expected to be repeated in future periods.



    
    


We
believe that as a result of the Xing acquisition
 our revenue and gross profit will continue to be higher than reported in prior
periods. Historically
 prior to the acquisition
 our cash generated from operations has not been sufficient to meet our expenses.
The newly acquired Xing brands
 however
 generated $222
680 of net income for the year ended December 31
 2014
 and $772
308 in
net income for the year ended December 31
 2015. We believe that on a consolidated basis
 and with the reductions in operating
expenses for the B&uacute;cha division
 the integrated company will generate sufficient cash flow internally to meet its needs.
In addition
 as part of the financing of the acquisition
 we entered into two Credit Agreements on June 30
 2016
 whereby we are
able to borrow up to $5
900
000 (the &ldquo;Revolving Commitment Amount&rdquo;) under a revolving credit line
 and whereby we
borrowed an additional $4
800
000 under a loan. Each loan amount under the revolving credit line shall accrue interest at an annual
rate equal to the Applicable Margin
 which ranges from 2.25% to 3.00%
 plus the Daily Reset LIBOR Rate. For the revolving credit
line
 upon an event of default related to a bankruptcy event
 the obligations of the lender shall immediately terminate and all
loan amounts shall become due and payable. Upon any other event of default under the revolving credit line
 the lender may terminate
or suspend the obligations of the lender to make loans under the agreement
 or declare the loan to be due and payable
 or both.
During the continuance of an event of default
 the loan(s) shall accrue interest at a rate of 5% per annum. As of December 31
2016
 there was $5
650
000 outstanding. With respect to the $4
800
000 loan
 of which $4
754
636 is outstanding
 all amounts owed
shall accrue interest at 4.04% per annum
 and the entire loan shall become due and payable on June 30
 2021. Upon an event
of default under the loan
 the lender may require that the entire loan become due and payable.

The
following are highlights of our operating results for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and the nine months ended
December 31
 2015 (Successor) and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor):



    
&#9679;
    
Revenue.
    
 2016
 we generated revenue of $25
301
806
 an increase of $22
880
054 over our revenues
    of $1
844
889 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and $576
863 for the three months ended March 31
 2015
    (Predecessor) combined revenue of $2
421
752 for the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor and Predecessor). The
    change was attributable to our Xing acquisition.

    
    
    

    
    
Gross
Gross margin for the year ended December 31
                                         2016 (Successor) was 22.9%
 an increase of 10.0% and a decrease of 7.4% from our
                                         gross margin of 12.9% for the nine months ended (Successor) and 30.3% for the three
                                         months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). The increase in gross margin was due to
                                         several factors
 including (1) an increase in gross sales
 (2) reduced freight costs
                                         and manufacturing labor
 and (3) improved raw material and packaging supply costs
                                         including gaining the benefits of increased scale.

    
    
    

    
    
Operating
During the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
                                         our operating expenses were $9
422
983
 a combined increase of $8
178
174
                                         as compared to $1
000
453 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
                                         and $244
356 for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). The increase
                                         was attributable to (1) transactional costs totaling $1
714
463. On a pro forma
                                         basis
 which does not include nonrecurring costs of $1
714
463 attributable to
                                         our Xing acquisition
 our operating expenses were $7
708
520 for the year ended
                                         December 31
 2016.



    
    


Recent
Developments

On
January 10
 2017
 our wholly owned subsidiary
 NABC Properties
 LLC
 entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with an unaffiliated
third party. Pursuant to the agreement
 NABC Properties
 LLC entered into a commitment to sell the property located at
Avenue
 Denver
 CO 80229 for a purchase price of $8
900
000. $100
000 of the purchase price was paid upon
execution of the agreement
 with the balance of $8
800
000 to be paid on or before March 31
 2017. The agreement contains
a lease back provision
 whereby NABC Properties
 LLC shall lease the property for an initial term of ten years
 with an option
to extend for two successive five year periods. The lease cost is $52
000 per month for the initial year
 with two percent annual
increases.

Uncertainties
in our Business

We
believe that the key uncertainties in our business are as follows:



    
&#9679;
    
We believe that
    expanding our marketing activities
 which may result in significant operating expenses
 will be necessary in
    order to increase product awareness and brand loyalty in order to compete with our competitors
 including large and
    well established brands with access to significant capital resources

    
    
    

    
    
Customer trends
    and tastes can change for a variety of reasons including health consciousness
 government regulations and variation in demographics.
    We will need to be able to adapt to changing preferences in the future.

    
    
    

    
    
Our sales growth
    is dependent upon maintaining our relationships with existing and future customers
 which includes sales to large retailers.


Successor
and Predecessor Financial Presentation

Throughout
the consolidated financial statements and in this Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operation section
 we refer to &ldquo;Successor&rdquo; and &ldquo;Predecessor&rdquo;. For periods after the acquisition
Live Kombucha brand (since April 1
 2015)
 our operating results and cash flows are referred
to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition of the B&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results and
cash flows are referred to as Predecessor. Where tables are presented in this MD&amp;A
 a black line separates the Successor and
Predecessor financial information to highlight the lack of comparability between the periods.

Results
of Operations

The
remainder of this MD&amp;A discusses our continuing operations of the newly combined entity including all of the Company&rsquo;s
brands. The comparisons on a twelve months basis for 2016 are of the newly combined entity versus the Bucha
 Inc. standalone
company in 2015. The year ended comparisons include the breakout of twelve months of the combined new entity and of the
B&uacute;cha standalone for 2016
 compared to B&uacute;cha standalone for year ended of 2015
 including three months
(the first three months of the year) of the predecessor company
 B&amp;R Liquid Adventure. Where tables are presented
 a black
line separates the Successor and Predecessor financial information to highlight the lack of comparability between the periods.
See further discussion under &ldquo;

For
the year ended December 31
 2016 (newly Combined Entity) compared to the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)



    
Year
    Ended
 2016
Nine
 December 31
 2015 Successor
Three
 March 31
 2015 Predecessor

    
    
    
    

    
25
301
806
1
844
889
576
863

    
19
505
580
1
606
141
402
235

    
5
796
226
238
748
174
628

    
9
422
983
1
000
453
244
356

    
6
322
138
987
2
294

    
(3
633
079
(900
692
(72
022



    
    




Net
revenues for the year ended December 31
 2016 were $25
301
806 as compared to $1
844
889 for the nine months ended December
31
 2015 (Successor) and $576
863 for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). The primary reason for the significant
increase was the acquisition of Xing on June 30
 2016.

Sales
during the three months ended December 31
 2016 for the portfolio on a proforma basis increased 10.1%
 with all brands and divisions


 national distribution expansion of the entire portfolio
 and continued
expansion of the New Age DSD division in Colorado.

In
the planning of the acquisition and combination between B&uacute;cha
 Inc. and Xing
 numerous revenue synergies were identified
that included sales of the B&uacute;cha brand in Xing national/regional accounts
 brand
through New Age DSD system
 Brand in B&uacute;cha
 Inc. national/regional accounts. Capturing
of these synergies have manifested in immediate value reflected in the net sales growth for the quarter
 and are expected to continue
with the impact of increased distribution to more than 2
000 new accounts that have been added across the portfolio during the
third quarter.

Cost
of Goods Sold



    
Year
    Ended
 2016
Nine
December
    31
 2015 Successor
Three
 March 31
 2015 Predecessor

Production
    costs/labor/freight expenses
19
505
580

1
504
471
397
135

    
    

39
170
5
100

Amortization
    of customer relationships
    

62
500
    

    
19
505
580
1
606
141
402
235


Total
cost of goods sold for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016 was $19
505
580 as compared to $1
606
141 for the nine months
ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and $402
235 for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). The primary reason
for the significant increase was the acquisition of Xing on June 30
 2016.

As
a percentage of sales
 total cost of goods sold was 77.1% for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016 (gross margin of 22.9%).
Production costs were $18
932
510 for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016
 as compared to $1
504
471 for the nine
months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and $397
135 for the three months ended March 31
The
change was directly attributable to our Xing acquisition.

The
increase in the gross margin was due to several factors
 including (1) a significant increase in gross and net sales
 (2) significantly
increased scale and efficiencies that led to lower freight costs and transportation costs
 and (3) an improvement in the production
processes of some of our key products that led to lower overall manufacturing costs.

Improvement
in costs of goods sold is one of the Company&rsquo;s major priorities
 and numerous improvement opportunities across each brand
have been identified and action plans emplaced to improve gross margins
 have already begun to positively impact gross margin
and are expected to significantly impact gross margin in 2017.

Operating
Expenses



    
Year
                                         Ended
December
                                         31
 2016
Nine
                                         Months Ended
December
                                         31
 2015 Successor
Three
                                         Months Ended
March
                                         31
 2015 Predecessor

    
    
    
    

Advertising
    promotion and selling
1
584
104
209
109
51
516

    
6
367
606
1
065
954
145
469

Gain on forgiveness
    of accrued payroll
    
(500
000
    

Legal
    and professional
1
471
273
225
390
47
371

Total
    operating expenses
9
422
983
1
000
453
244
356



Total
operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31
 2016 was $9
422
983
 as compared to $1
000
453 for the nine months
ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and $244
356 for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). The primary reason
for the significant increase was the acquisition of Xing on June 30
 2016. In addition to the impact of the operating costs of
a substantially larger scale enterprise
 a significant amount of the increase was also attributable to the transactional costs
recognized when acquiring Xing
 and numerous other one-time
 non-recurring legal and other expenses associated with the integration.

In
the planning of .the acquisition and combination between B&uacute;cha
 Inc and Xing
 numerous cost synergies were identified that
included reduction of freight expenses
 improvement in cost of goods sold in both packaging and raw material sourcing
 and numerous
improvements in operating expenses including elimination of overlapping headcount and other duplicative expenses. Capturing of
these synergies have manifested in immediate value reflected in the cost of goods sold improvement for the quarter
 and are expected
to continue with the impact of elimination of headcount from B&uacute;cha
 Inc
 further COGS savings that take time to materialize
and further operating expense improvements resulting from new processes emplaced during the quarter.


    
    


&nbsp;Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2016
 we had cash of $529
088.

The
acquisition of Xing substantially improved the Company&rsquo;s resources. With the profitability of the new acquisition
 we believe
we have sufficient cash and generate sufficient profitability to meet the needs of the combined operation. We estimate our capital
needs over the next twelve-month period to be $500
000
 which can be funded from the profits of the combined Xing
 B&uacute;cha
operations. If our own combined financial resources and current cash-flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our capital
requirements
 we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. Any sale of additional
equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness will result in increased debt service
obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that could restrict our operations or modify our
plans to grow the business. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Any failure by
us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us
 or at all
 will limit our ability to expand our business operations and
could harm our overall business prospects.


    
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company borrowed $200
000 in the form of a convertible promissory note
 which included warrants
from an unaffiliated third party. During the year
 the convertible promissory note
  and warrants
were converted into shares of Series B preferred stock. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we entered into a $4
500
000 promissory note
issued in connection with our Xing acquisition. The promissory note related to our Xing acquisition accrues interest at a rate
of 1.00% per annum
 which shall begin to accrue on January 1
 2017. Interest shall be due and payable in arrears on the first
day of each month beginning on February 1
 2017 through the maturity date. The maturity date of the promissory note is June 30
2017.


Working
Capital



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

Current
    assets
    
    
10
005
922
    
    
    
525
959
    

Less:
    current liabilities
    
    
11
442
748

    
    
    
571
097
    

Working
    capital (deficiency)
    
    
(1
436
826

    
    
    
(45
138
    



accounts receivable and inventories
 which accounts for 47.3% and 44.2% of our current assets as of December 31
2016 and which accounts for 49.4% and 37.3% of our current assets as of December 31
 2015
 respectively.

Current
liabilities are comprised of accounts payable and accrued expenses and
 as of December 31
 2016
 a current portion ($4
562
179)
of a note payable
 which is due on June 30
 2017.

Increases
in our reported assets and liabilities are attributable to our June 30
 2016 acquisition of Xing&rsquo;s net assets for
$19
995
000. The purchase price was allocated to the net assets acquired as follows:




    
    
    
5
627
669
    

    
    
    
4
847
417
    

    
    
    
492
972
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
7
418
789
    

Other intangible assets acquired (customer
    lists)
    
    
4
628
800
    

    
    
    
4
506
227
    

Assumption
    of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable
    
    
(7
526
874
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    



The
acquisition was consummated on June 30
 2016
 and as such
 the Company assessed the fair value of the various net assets acquired.
The Company identified other intangible assets
 such as customer lists that were recognized apart from goodwill
 and recorded
at fair value.

The
$4
506
227 of goodwill currently recognized is deductible for income tax purposes over the next fifteen years.

Cash
Flows



    
    
    
    

 2016
    
    
Nine
    months
    

 2015
    
    
Three
    months
    

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash (used in) provided by operating activities
    
    
975
176
    
    
    
(633
982
    
    
    
24
330
    

Net
    cash used in investing activities
    
    
(8
547
198
    
    
    
(28
351
    
    
    
(11
688
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
    
    
8
057
254
    
    
    
248
054
    
    
    
(70
874
    

Net
    change in cash
    
    
485
232
    
    
    
(414
279
    
    
    
(58
232
    



    
    



Operating
Activities

Net
cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) was $975
176. Our
Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) was ($633
982). Net cash
provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) was $24
330.

Investing
Activities

Net
cash used in investing activities is primarily driven by our acquisition of Xing on December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 whereby we
paid $8
500
000
 and the acquisition of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure on April 1
 2015 (Successor)
 whereby we paid $400
000. Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31
 2016 was $(8
547
198). Net cash used in investing activities
during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) were ($28
351)
and ($11
688). The primary cause for the change from period to period was cash proceeds and cash payments on discontinued operations
and the acquisition of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure during the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor).

Financing
Activities

For
the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 net cash provided by financing activities of $8
057
254 was due to us borrowing
(i) $10
700
000 from US Bank to finance the Xing acquisition. The $10.7 million in debt was secured in two separate notes with
U.S. Bank; one note for $4.8 million
 which is secured by our Denver
 Colorado property; and another revolving note of $5.9 million
which is secured by the company&rsquo;s inventories and receivables. $2
200
000 of the $10
700
000 was used to pay off the balance
from the previous mortgagor and the remaining $8.5 million was used to fund the Xing acquisition. There was additional debt of
(ii) $200
000 from an unrelated party pursuant to a convertible note payable&nbsp;(that has since been converted). Net cash provided
by financing activities during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) was $248
054. Net cash used in financing
activities during the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) was ($70
874). The primary cause for the change from period
to period was cash proceeds and cash payments on notes payables and net factoring advances during the year ended December 31
2015 (Successor).

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to stockholders.

Effects
of Inflation

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business
 revenues or operating results during the periods presented.

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included herein
for the year ended December 31
 2016.


    
    


Newly
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

We
do not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect
on our consolidated financial statements.

Inventories
and Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory

Inventories
consist of tea ingredients
 packaging and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market
value. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to
provide for losses on its raw materials.

Long-lived
Assets

Our
long-lived assets consisted of property and equipment and customer relationships and are reviewed for impairment in accordance
with the guidance of the FASB Topic ASC 360

 Plant
 and Equipment.
assets used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be
recoverable. Through December 31
 2016
 we had not experienced impairment losses on our long-lived assets as management
determined that there were no indicators that a carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.

Concentrations
of Credit Risk


Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts
receivables. We place our cash with high credit quality financial institutions. At times such amounts may exceed federally
insured limits. Receivables arising from sales of our products are not collateralized. For the year ended December 31
2016 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December 31
 2016
three customers represented approximately 29.4% (12.3%
8.9% and 8.2%) of accounts receivable. As of December 31
 2015
(Predecessor)
 three customers represented approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the nine
months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of
revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%
18.9% and 18.6%) of revenue.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Arrangement with Recourse

In
April 2015
 we entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated
third-party financial institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 we receive an advance of 80% of qualified
receivables and maximum amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500

On July 1
 2016

December 31
 2016. For the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 we received net advances from the factoring
of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest and fees of $34
069. We pay factoring fees associated
with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross face value of the receivable for every ten-day period or
fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is paid in full.

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets
acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The goodwill impairment test is applied by performing
a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If
 on the basis of qualitative factors
 it
is considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount
 further testing
of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise
 goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step approach.

Intangible
assets are recorded at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized
over their estimated useful life using the straight-line method
 which is determined by identifying the period over which the
cash flows from the asset are expected to be generated.


    
    


Share-Based
Compensation

We
account for stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718
Stock-based
compensation to employees is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as expense over
the requisite employee service period. We account for stock-based compensation to other than employees in accordance with FASB
ASC 505-50. Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment date or upon completion
of the services
 based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the service period. We estimate
the fair value of stock-based payments using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for common stock options and warrants and
the latest fair market price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for common share issuances.



We
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement on May 20
 2016
 which closed on June 30
 2016
 whereby we acquired substantially all
of the operating assets of New Age Beverages
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC
 Aspen Pure
 LLC and Xing Beverage
 LLC (collectively
&ldquo;Xing&rdquo;)
 which are companies engaged in the manufacture and sale of various teas and beverages. The transaction was
disclosed in a Form 8-K filed on May 23
 2016
 and an amended Form 8-K filed on June 30
 2016. Upon the closing of the acquisition
we received substantially all of the operating assets of Xing
 consisting of inventory
 fixed assets and intellectual property
in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of $19
995
000
 consisting of $6
995
000 worth of our common stock
 consisting of
4
353
915 shares of common stock
 $8
500
000 in cash
 and a secured promissory note in an amount of $4
500
000. The promissory
note shall accrue interest of 1% per annum
 beginning after six months from the Closing Date
 and shall be secured by a second
lien on our assets. The shares of common stock issued pursuant to the acquisition are subject to an additional leak out provision
which states that upon the date that is six months after Closing Date
 the holders of the shares may only sell up to fifteen percent
of the shares held by such shareholder each calendar quarter for an additional twelve month period
 meaning that the leak out
provision will expire 18 months from the Closing of the acquisition.


On
April 1
 2015 we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement whereby we acquired substantially all of the operating assets of B&amp;R
Liquid Adventure
 LLC a California Limited Liability Company. Upon the closing of the acquisition
 we received substantially all
of the operating assets of B&amp;R
 consisting of inventory
 fixed assets and intellectual property in exchange for 1
479
290
shares of common stock valued at $500
000
 a cash payment of $260
000
 and a secured promissory note in an amount of $140
000.
In addition
 the Company assumed $121
416 of scheduled liabilities. The shares of common stock issued pursuant to the acquisition
are restricted under Rule 144
 and are also subject to an additional leak out provision
 which states that upon the date that
is six months after Closing
 the holders of the shares may only sell up to fifteen percent of the shares held by such shareholder
each calendar quarter for an additional twelve month period
 meaning that the leak out provision will expire 18 months from the
Closing of the acquisition.



Capital
Expenditures

Other
Capital Expenditures

We
expect to incur research and development costs
 as well as marketing expenses in connection with the expansion of our business
and the development of our products.

Going
Concern

The
Report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to our December 31
 2015 consolidated financial statements
as provided in our Form 10-K filed on April 7
 2016 includes an explanatory paragraph stating that the recurring losses
 an accumulated
deficit and a working capital deficit at December 31
 2015 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We
believe that the actions presently being taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity
for us to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in its ability
to raise additional funds
 there can be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to further implement our business plan and generate revenues.

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.

Future
Contractual Obligations and Commitment

We
incur contractual obligations and financial commitments in the normal course of our operations and financing activities. Contractual
obligations include future cash payments required under existing contracts
 such as debt and lease agreements. These obligations
may result from both general financing activities and from commercial arrangements that are directly supported by related operating
activities.

As
of December 31
 2016
 we have no future contractual obligations or commitments
 other than our distribution agreements
 lease
agreements and the promissory note related to the Xing acquisition.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

As
of December 31
 2016
 we have not entered into any transaction
 agreement or other contractual arrangement with an entity unconsolidated
under which it has:



    
&#9679;
    
a
    retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit;

    
    
    

    
    
liquidity
    or market risk support to such entity for such assets;

    
    
    

    
    
an
    obligation
 including a contingent obligation
 under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument; or

    
    
    

    
    
an
    obligation
 including a contingent obligation
 arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that is held
    by
 and material to us
 where such entity provides financing
 liquidity
 market risk or credit risk support to or engages
    in leasing
 hedging
 or research and development services with us.


ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


As
a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 the Company is not required to provide information
required by this Item.



    
    


ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statement of Members&rsquo; Capital and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows
    

    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of New Age Beverages Corporation

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New Age Beverages Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December
31
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year then
ended. The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of New Age Beverages Corporation and its subsidiaries as of December 31
 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

/s/
Accell Audit &amp; Compliance
 P.A.

Tampa
Florida

March
31
 2017




    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
New
Age Beverages Corporation
(formerly
American Brewing Company
 Inc. and B&uacute;cha
 Inc.)

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of New Age Beverages Corporation (formerly American Brewing Company
 Inc. and B&uacute;cha
Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2015
 and the related statements of operations
 members&rsquo; capital and
stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and for the three
months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit
also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of New
Age Beverages Corporation (formerly American Brewing Company
 Inc. and B&uacute;cha
 Inc.) as of December 31
 2015
 and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and for the three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor) in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



/s/
    MaloneBailey
 LLP
    

    
    

Houston
    Texas
    

April
    5
 2016
    



    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    
    
December
                                         31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
529
088
    
    
    
43
856
    

Accounts receivable
    net of allowance for doubtful accounts
    
    
4
729
356
    
    
    
259
619
    

    
    
    
4
420
632
    
    
    
196
220
    

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    
326
846
    
    
    
26
264
    

Total
    current assets
    
    
10
005
922
    
    
    
525
959
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
    
    
7
286
201
    
    
    
66
336
    

    
    
    
4
895
241
    
    
    
389
014
    

Customer relationships
    net of accumulated amortization
    
    
4
538
674
    
    
    
187
500
    

Total
    assets
    
    
26
726
038
    
    
    
1
168
809
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

LIABILITIES AND
    STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts payable
    accrued expenses and other current liabilities
    
    
6
880
569
    
    
    
460
434
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
663
    

Current
    portion of notes payable
    
    
4
562
179
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
442
748
    
    
    
571
097
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes
    payable
 net of unamortized discounts and current portion
    
    
10
374
675
    
    
    
78
931
    

Related party
    debt
 net of unamortized discount
    
    
29
961

    
    
    
23
669
    

Total
    liabilities
    
    
21
847
384
    
    
    
673
697
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001
    par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized;

900
106 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016
 and 

435
651 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
21
900
    
    
    
15
436
    

Series A Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value:
    250
000 shares

 250
000 shares issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series B Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value:
    300
000 shares

 284
807 shares issued and outstanding at 

 2016
 and 254
807 shares issued and 

 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
821
176
    
    
    
3
811
049
    

    
    
    
(6
964
957
    
    
    
(3
331
878
    

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity
    
    
4
878
654
    
    
    
495
112
    

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity
    
    
26
726
038
    
    
    
1
168
809
    


See
accompanying notes
 which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



    
    
Year
    ended
    
    
Nine
    Months ended
    
    
Three
    Months ended
    

    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

REVENUES
 net
    
    
25
301
806
    
    
    
1
844
889
    
    
    
576
863
    

    
    
    
19
505
580
    
    
    
1
606
141
    
    
    
402
235
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
796
226
    
    
    
238
748
    
    
    
174
628
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Advertising
 promotion
    and selling
    
    
1
584
104
    
    
    
209
109
    
    
    
51
516
    

    
    
    
6
367
606
    
    
    
1
065
954
    
    
    
145
469
    

Gain on forgiveness
    of accrued payroll
    
    
    
    
    
    
(500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
471
273
    
    
    
225
390
    
    
    
47
371
    

    
    
    
9
422
983
    
    
    
1
000
453
    
    
    
244
356
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
626
757
    
    
    
(761
705
    
    
    
(69
728
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(299
080
    
    
    
(138
988
    
    
    
(2
294
    

    
    
    
292
758
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    other expense
    
    
(6
322
    
    
    
(138
987
    
    
    
(2
294
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
633
079
    
    
    
(900
692
    
    
    
(72
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss on sale of discontinued
    operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
(256
773
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
126
154
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
633
079
    
    
    
(1
031
311
    
    
    
(72
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


See
accompanying notes
 which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
STATEMENT
OF MEMBERS&rsquo; CAPITAL AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)
For
the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
&nbsp;



    
Common
    stock
Series
    A Preferred Capital
Series
    B Preferred Capital
Additional
    Paid-in
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2014
1
366
042
(35
000
6
205
558
4
327
628
    
    
126
328
(4
863
782
(444
826

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(72
022
(72
022

Balance
    at March 31
 2015
1
366
042
(35
000
6
205
558
4
327
628
    
    
126
328
(4
935
804
(516
848

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    at April 1
 2015
13
045
220
13
046
250
000
    
229
807
    
2
916
184
(2
300
567
629
143

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued in B&amp;R acquisition
1
479
290
1
479
    
    
    
    
498
521
    
500
000

Common
    stock issued for cash
204
000
    
    
    
    
    
60
996
    
61
200

Series
    B Preferred stock issued for cash
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
24
975
    
25
000

Common
    stock issued for services
707
141
    
    
    
    
    
310
373
    
311
080

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
031
311
(1
031
311

Balance
    at December 31
 2015
15
435
651
15
436
250
000
    
254
807
    
3
811
049
(3
331
878
495
112

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued in Xing acquisition
4
353
915
4
354
    
    
    
    
6
990
646
    
6
995
000

Stock-based
    compensation
2
068
540
2
068
    
    
30
000
    
980
370
    
982
468

Exercise
    of warrant
42
000
    
    
    
    
    
20
958
    
21
000

Issuance
    of warrant
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
153
    
18
153

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
633
079
(3
633
079

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2016
21
900
106
21
900
250
000
    
284
807
    
11
821
176
(6
964
957
4
878
654



See
accompanying notes
 which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
The Year
    Ended
    
    
Nine
    Months ended
    
    
Three
    Months ended
    

    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    
    
March
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
(3
633
079
    
    
    
(1
031
311
    
    
    
(72
022
    

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by(used in) operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    expense
    
    
523
748
    
    
    
10
215

    
    
    
5
100
    

Depreciation
    expense from discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
115
441

    
    
    
    
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
    
46
940
    
    
    
68
466

    
    
    
    
    

Amortization
    of customer relationships
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
500
    
    
    
    
    

Bad
    debt expense
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gain
    on forgiveness of accrued payroll
    
    
    
    
    
    
(500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    acquisition costs
    
    
753
857
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for services
    
    
982
468

    
    
    
311
080

    
    
    
    
    

Loss
    on sale of discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
256
773
    
    
    
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
    
    
1
157
932
    
    
    
(272
175
    
    
    
(23
277
    

    
    
    
623
005
    
    
    
100
419

    
    
    
105
419
    

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    
192
389
    
    
    
58
271

    
    
    
5
695
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
327
916

    
    
    
142
307

    
    
    
(1
685
    

Accrued
    expenses and other current liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
44
032
    
    
    
    
    

Reserve
    for legal settlement
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
100
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities
    
    
975
176
    
    
    
(633
982
    
    
    
24
330
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of property
    and equipment
    
    
(47
198
    
    
    
(22
951
    
    
    
(11
688
    

Purchase
    of property and equipment in discontinued operations
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
050

    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    received from sale of discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
395
650

    
    
    
    
    

Cash paid to acquire
    the combined assets of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
(8
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Repayment of note issued
    for acquisition of assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
    
    
    
    
    
    
(140
000
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisition
    of assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
    
    
    
    
    
    
(260
000
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    cash used in investment activities
    
    
(8
547
198
    
    
    
(28
351
    
    
    
(11
688
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Borrowings on notes
    payable and bank indebtedness
    
    
10
700
000
    
    
    
288
320

    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds from convertible
    note payable
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(110
663
    
    
    
110
663

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock for cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
61
200
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of Series B Preferred stock for cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

Payments
    on convertible notes payable to related parties
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(69
000
    

Repayment
    of notes payable to related party
    
    
    
    
    
    
(50
750
    
    
    
    
    

Repayment
    of notes payable and capital lease obligations
    
    
(2
753
083
    
    
    
(186
379
    
    
    
(1
874
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
    
    
8
057
254
    
    
    
248
054

    
    
    
(70
874
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
485
232
    
    
    
(414
279
    
    
    
(58
232
    

CASH
    AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD
    
    
43
856
    
    
    
458
135
    
    
    
125
312
    

CASH AT END OF
    PERIOD
    
    
529
088
    
    
    
43
856

    
    
    
67
080
    



See
accompanying notes
 which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

New
Age Beverages Corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was formed under the laws of the State of Washington on April 26
 2010 under
the name American Brewing Company
 Inc. On April 1
 2015
 the Company acquired the assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure (see
Note 4)
 which included the brand Bucha&reg; Live Kombucha. On June 30
 2016
 the Company acquired the combined assets of
New Age Beverages
 LLC
 Aspen Pure
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC and Xing Beverage
 LLC (see Note 3) and changed the company&rsquo;s
name to New Age Beverages Corporation. The Company manufactures
 markets and sells a portfolio of healthy functional beverages
including XingTea&reg;
 an all-natural
 non-GMO
 non-HFCS premium Ready to Drink (RTD) Tea; Aspen Pure&reg;
 an artesian-well
naturally-high PH balanced
 source water from the Colorado Rocky Mountains; XingEnergy&reg;
 an all-natural
 vitamin-enriched
non-GMO
 Non-HFCS Energy Drink; and B&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha
 an organic
 all natural
 fermented kombucha tea. The
portfolio is distributed through the Company&rsquo;s own Direct Store Distribution (DSD) network in Colorado and surrounding states
throughout the United States both direct to major retailers and through its network of DSD partners
 and in 10 countries around
the world. The brands are sold in all channels of distribution including Hypermarkets
 Supermarkets
 Pharmacies
 Convenience
Gas and other outlets.


On
October 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;APA&rdquo;)
whereby the Company sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations to AMBREW
 LLC
a Washington limited liability company (&ldquo;AMBREW&rdquo;). On the closing date
 the parties executed all documents related
to the transaction. Under the terms of the APA
 the assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets
and property and equipment. The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts held by the Company
 liabilities related to
inventory as well as lease obligations. The Company recognized the sale of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued
operation
 in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2014-08

Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&rdquo; 

Since
October 1
 2015
 the Company is focusing exclusively on its b&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha business
 which produces a gluten-free
organic certified sparkling kombucha tea.

Basis
of Presentation


The
accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (or U.S. GAAP) and with the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
(or &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) instructions for the Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.
GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts within our consolidated financial statements. Although
management believes these estimates to be reasonably accurate
 actual amounts may differ.&nbsp;&nbsp;


The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been presented on a comparative basis. For periods after the acquisition of the B&uacute;cha&reg;
Live Kombucha brand (since April 1
 2015)
 our operating results are referred to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition
of the B&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results are referred to as Predecessor. Where applicable
 a black
line separates the Successor and Predecessor financial information to highlight the lack of comparability between the periods.

Principles
of Consolidation

consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiary companies. All intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated.



Our
operating results for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) incorporate certain reclassifications necessary
to remove our prior micro-brewing operations and brewery from our continuing operations and report them as discontinued operations.
Further
 our net (loss) income per share has been changed accordingly to report per-share amounts from continuing and discontinued
operations.

Use
of Estimates


The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The more significant estimates and assumptions
made by management include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 provision for excess or expired inventory
 depreciation
of property and equipment
 realizability of long-lived assets and fair market value of equity instruments issued for goods or
services. The current economic environment has increased the degree and uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 included cash on-hand.&nbsp; Cash equivalents are considered all accounts
with an original&nbsp;maturity date within 90 days.

Accounts
Receivable and Factoring Arrangement with Recourse

The
Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts
that is based on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances
combined with management&rsquo;s estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance
after all attempts to collect a receivable have failed. The Company&rsquo;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $46
350 as of
December 31
 2016 and zero as of December 31
 2015.


On
April 2
 2015
 the Company entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated third-party
financial institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 the Company receives an advance of 80% of qualified receivables
and maximum amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500
000. For the nine months ended December 31
2015 (Successor)
 we received net advances from the factoring of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest
and fees of $34
069. The Company&rsquo;s factoring fees associated with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross
face value of the receivable for every ten-day period or fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is
paid in full. On July 1
 2016
 the Company cancelled its factoring contract. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has
no factoring payable liability as compared to $110
663 as of December 31
 2015.



    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Concentrations
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivables.&nbsp;
The Company places its cash with high credit quality financial institutions.&nbsp; At times such amounts may exceed federally
insured limits.

For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 three customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December
31
 2016
 three customers represented approximately 29.4% (12.3%
8.9% and8.2%) of accounts receivable.


As
of December 31
 2015
 three customers represented approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the
nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue.
For the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%
 18.9% and 18.6%)
of revenue.

Accounting
for Derivative Liabilities

The
Company evaluates stock options
 stock warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those
contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of Accounting Standards Codification
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 815-40
.&nbsp; The
result of this accounting treatment could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative instrument
and is marked-to-market at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.&nbsp; In the event that the fair value is recorded
as a liability
 the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense.&nbsp; Upon
conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that
fair value is reclassified to equity.&nbsp; Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject
to reclassification under ASC Topic 815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the
reclassification date.&nbsp; The Company determined that none of its financial instruments meet the criteria for derivative accounting
as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.

Beneficial
Conversion Features

The
Company has from time to time issued convertible notes that may have conversion prices that create an embedded pursuant to accounting
guidance.&nbsp; A beneficial conversion feature exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair value of the underlying
common stock to which the note is convertible into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of the note after first
considering the allocation of a portion of the note proceeds to the fair value of any attached equity instruments
 if any related
equity instruments were granted with the debt. In accordance with this guidance
 the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion
feature is recorded as a debt discount with a corresponding amount to additional paid in capital.&nbsp; The debt discount is amortized
to interest expense over the life of the note using the effective interest method.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amount of the financial instruments
 which principally include cash
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
expenses
 approximates fair value due to the relative short maturity of such instruments. The carrying amount of the Company&rsquo;s
debt approximates its fair value as it bears interest at market rates of interest after taking into consideration the debt discounts.

ASC
820 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value
measurements. Fair value is defined under ASC 820 as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair-value hierarchy based
on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure
fair value as follows:

Level
1

Level
&mdash;Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level
&mdash;Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities.




    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Goodwill
and Customer Relationships

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets
acquired. Goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but tested for impairment annually or
more frequently when events or circumstances indicates that the carrying value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds
its fair value. The goodwill impairment test is applied by performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value
of the reporting unit. If
 on the basis of qualitative factors
 it is considered not more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount
 further testing of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise
goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step approach.

The
first step involves comparing the fair value of a company&rsquo;s reporting units to their carrying amount. If the fair value
of the reporting unit is determined to be greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&rsquo;s
carrying amount is determined to be greater than the fair value
 the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. The second step involves calculating the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and
intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one.
The implied fair value of the goodwill in this step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of
the goodwill is less than the carrying value of the goodwill
 an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. The
Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31
2016 and 2015.

Customer
relationships are recorded at acquisition cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets
are amortized over their estimated useful life using the straight-line method
 which is determined by identifying the period over
which the cash flows from the asset are expected to be generated. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015; respectively
accumulated amortization was $340
126 and $62
500
 respectively. Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for
the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 respectively. There was
no amortization expense for customer relationships for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor).

Long-lived
Assets

Long-lived
assets consisted of property and equipment and customer relationships and are reviewed for impairment in accordance with the guidance
of the ASC 360
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment. The Company tests for impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Through December
31
 2016
 the Company had not experienced impairment losses on the long-lived assets as management determined that
there were no indicators that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.

Share-Based
Compensation

The
Compensation&mdash;Stock
&nbsp; Stock-based compensation to employees is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of
the award
 and is recognized as expense over the requisite employee service period.&nbsp; The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation to other than employees in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50.&nbsp; Equity instruments issued to other than employees
are valued at the earlier of a commitment date or upon completion of the services
 based on the fair value of the equity instruments
and is recognized as expense over the service period.&nbsp; The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based payments using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for common stock options and warrants and the latest fair market price of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock for common share issuances.

Inventories
and Provision for Excess or Expired Inventory

Inventories
consist of tea ingredients
 packaging and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market
value.&nbsp; Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate
to provide for losses on its raw materials.&nbsp; There was no reserve for obsolescence as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
2015.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment consists primarily of building and brewing equipment and are stated at cost.&nbsp; Depreciation is computed using
the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets
 generally five to forty years.&nbsp;
Major renewals and betterments that extend the life of the property are capitalized.&nbsp; Expenditures for repairs and maintenance
are expensed as incurred.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company&rsquo;s products are distributed in major health and grocery chains throughout North America.&nbsp; Revenue is recognized
upon delivery of goods to the customer.&nbsp; An allowance for estimated returns is provided at the time of the sale.&nbsp; In
accordance with the guidance in FASB Topic ASC 605
 
 the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists
 (b) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered
 (c) the fee is fixed or determinable
and (d) collectability is reasonable assured.



    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in
the beverage industry.&nbsp; The Company incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
pricing.&nbsp; Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as
advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50

and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure.

Cost
of Goods Sold

Cost
of goods sold mainly consisted of raw material costs
 packaging costs
 direct labor and certain overhead allocated costs.&nbsp;
Costs are recognized when the related revenue is recorded.&nbsp; Shipping and handling costs for all wholesale sales transactions
are billed to the customer and are included in costs of goods sold for all periods presented.

Advertising
Promotions and Sales

Advertising
promotional and selling expenses consisted of sales salaries
 tap handles
 media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
and promotional activity expenses and are recognized when incurred in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses consisted of professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment
expenses
 and other general and administrative overhead costs.&nbsp; Expenses are recognized when incurred.

Income
Taxes



The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740
 
 whereby deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amount of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the future tax benefits derived from operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. The Company provides a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets when it is more likely than
not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company has a valuation allowance against 100% of the net deferred
tax assets.

ASC
740 requires that the Company recognize in the consolidated financial statements the effect of a tax position that is more likely
than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. The first step is to determine whether
or not a tax benefit should be recognized. A tax benefit will be recognized if the weight of available evidence indicates that
the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant tax authorities. The recognition and
measurement of benefits related to our tax positions requires significant judgment as uncertainties often exist with respect to
new laws
 new interpretations of existing laws
 and rulings by taxing authorities. Differences between actual results and our
assumptions
 or changes in our assumptions in future periods
 are recorded in the period they become known. For tax liabilities
the Company recognizes accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense
 and penalties
if incurred
 are recognized as a component of operating expense.



The
Predecessor is a limited liability corporation and is classified as a partnership for income tax purposes.&nbsp; The Predecessor
profits and losses are reportable by the members on their respective income tax returns.&nbsp; Accordingly
 no provision for income
taxes has been reflected in these financial statements.

Net
Income (Loss) Per Share

Basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average common
shares outstanding.&nbsp; Diluted net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares
outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&nbsp; As the
Company incurred net losses for the periods ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 (Successor) and March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 no potentially
dilutive securities were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.&nbsp;
Therefore
 basic and dilutive net income (loss) per share were the same.&nbsp; If the Company had net income
 potential dilutive
securities consist of warrants to purchase 100
000 and 1
127
000 shares of common stock as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
2015
 respectively.



    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards

In
May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-09

Customers

 ASC Topic 606.&nbsp;The new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of
transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.&nbsp;The core principle is that a company should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred the effective date of the new
revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15
 2016 to December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted but not
earlier than the original effective date. This ASU must be applied retrospectively to each period presented or as a
cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.&nbsp;The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this
ASU and is conducting its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to
adoption. After completing its review
 the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon the
Company results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this
ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting
requirements under the new standard.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 This ASU establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires
a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in
the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods
within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating
leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending
adoption of this new standard on the  consolidated financial statements and the Company has yet to determine the overall
impact this ASU is expected to have. The likely impact will be one of presentation only on the consolidated balance sheet.
The Company leases primarily consist of operating leases with varying expiration dates through  2020 and annual rent expense
for 2016 is approximately $0.1 million.

In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
. This ASU is related
to the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments with contingent call or put options. This ASU clarifies that an exercise
contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates only to interest rates or credit risk. Instead
 the contingent
put or call option should be evaluated for possible bifurcation as a derivative in accordance with the four-step decision sequence
detailed in FASB ASC 815-15
 without regard to the nature of the exercise contingency. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.

In
March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
 (Topic 606). This ASU is related to reporting
revenue gross versus net
 or principal versus agent considerations. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in ASU 2014-09
&nbsp;Revenue
from Contracts with Customers
 as it pertains to principal versus agent considerations. Specifically
 the guidance addresses how
entities should identify goods and services being provided to a customer
 the unit of account for a principal versus agent assessment
how to evaluate whether a good or service is controlled before being transferred to a customer
 and how to assess whether an entity
controls services performed by another party. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective
for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is evaluating
the effect and methodology of adopting this new accounting guidance upon the  results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position. The Company has begun to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU
 and has started its review of the likely
impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption. The Company will also continue to evaluate
the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company
does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there
are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.


    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

In
March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 (Topic 718). This ASU is related to simplifications
of employee share-based payment accounting. This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits
and tax deficiencies be recorded in the income statement when awards are settled. The pronouncement also addresses simplifications
related to statement of cash flows classification
 accounting for forfeitures and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements.
This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016.
Early adoption is permitted. This ASU will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.

In
April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09
&nbsp;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Specifically
the guidance addresses an entity&rsquo;s identification of its performance obligations in a contract
 as well as an entity&rsquo;s
evaluation of the nature of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized
over time or at a point in time. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal
years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is considering the alternatives
of adoption of this ASU and will continue to review the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered
into prior to adoption. The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations
cash flows and financial position. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.

In
May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11
 (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission
of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016
EITF Meeting. This ASU rescinds SEC paragraphs pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 Emerging Issues Task
Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically
 registrants should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of
Topic 606: (1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for Freight Services in Process
 which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2; (2)
Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs
 which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; (3) Accounting for Consideration
Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller of the Vendor&rsquo;s Products)
 which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1;
and (4) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements (i.e.
 use of the &ldquo;entitlements method&rdquo;)
 which is codified in paragraph
932-10-S99-5. This ASU becomes effective upon adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods
within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company has not yet begun to consider the alternatives of adoption
of this ASU or its impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients. This ASU does not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead
 the amendments
provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and add some practical expedients to the guidance. This ASU has the same
effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal
years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this new
standard on its consolidated financial statements. The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this ASU.
Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.

In
June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments. The amendments in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with
a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable
information to inform credit loss estimates. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal
years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company has not adopted this ASU and currently the Company has determined there
to be no impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In
August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how transactions are classified
in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on
its consolidated financial statements and currently the Company has determined there to be no impact of this ASU on its
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In
January 2017
 the FASB issued 2017-04
 (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment. The amendments in this ASU simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill
impairment test and eliminating the requirement for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative
assessment. Instead
 under this pronouncement
 an entity would perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing
the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the
carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&rsquo;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount
of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. In addition
 income tax effects will be considered
 if applicable. This ASU is effective
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
2 &ndash; GOING CONCERN AND MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S LIQUIDITY PLANS

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which
contemplates
 among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
Since inception
 the Company has financed its operations primarily through equity and debt financings.&nbsp;As of December 31
2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $6
964
957 and for the year then ended incurred operating losses of $3
633
079
(all of which was attributed to the losses of B&uacute;cha
 Inc.
 and one-time expenses associated with the integration and up-listing
onto the NASDAQ exchange and acquisition of Xing.) For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company generated cash from operating
activities of $975
176.

With
the acquisition of Xing (see Note 3)
 the Company believes that its current operations combined with its current cash at December
31
 2016 will be sufficient to meet the Company&rsquo;s operating liquidity
 capital expenditure and debt repayment requirements
for at least the next one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements.

NOTE
3 &ndash; ACQUISITION OF XING BEVERAGE
 LLC

On
June 30
 2016
 the Company acquired the assets of New Age Beverage
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC
 Aspen Pure
 LLC
 and Xing Beverage
LLC (collectively
 Xing). Xing is engaged in the manufacturing and sale of various teas and beverages
 which will help the Company
expand its capabilities and product offering. The operating results of Xing have been consolidated with those of the Company beginning
July 1
 2016. Total purchase consideration paid was $19
995
000
 which consisted of $8
500
000 of cash
 a note payable for $4
500
000
and 4
353
915 shares of common stock. The common stock issued was valued at $1.61 per share
 which was the volume weighted average
closing stock for the thirty days preceding the acquisition.

The
purchase price was allocated to the net assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as follows:




    
8
500
000

    
4
500
000

    
6
995
000

    
19
995
000




    
    
    
5
627
669
    

    
    
    
4
847
417
    

    
    
    
492
972
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
7
418
789
    

Other intangible assets acquired (customer
    lists)
    
    
4
628
800
    

Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
    other current liabilities and mortgage note payable
    
    
(7
526
874
    

    
    
    
15
488
773

    

    
    
    
4
506
227
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    


The
acquisition was consummated on June 30
 2016
 and as such
 the Company assessed the fair value of the various net assets
acquired. The Company identified other intangible assets
 such as customer lists that were recognized apart from
goodwill
 and recorded at fair value.

The
$4
506
227 of goodwill currently recognized is deductible for income tax purposes over the next fifteen years.

In
connection with the acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
 the Company incurred transactional costs totaling $1
714
463
 which has
been recognized as expense as of December 31
 2016 (Successor). Of these costs
 $1
326
108 was included in legal and professional
fee expense and $388
355 was included in general and administrative expenses. Legal and professional fee expense includes the
Company issuing a total of 167
994 shares of common stock to several consultants for transactional services provided. The shares
were fair valued at $1.61 per share. The balance represents legal and professional fees incurred that have or are going to be
paid in cash. The general and administrative expense of $388
355 was pursuant to an employment agreement entered into during the
first quarter of 2016
 whereby an officer earned 1
078
763 shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Xing acquisition.
These shares were fair valued at $0.36 per share
 which is the Company&rsquo;s traded stock price when entering into the employment
agreement.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
3 &ndash; ACQUISITION OF XING BEVERAGE
 LLC (continued)

The
following pro forma financial results reflects the historical operating results of the Company
 including the Predecessor for
the three months ended March 31
 2015
 and those of Xing
 as if Xing was acquired on January 1
 2015. The pro forma financial
information includes an adjustment to remove $1
714
463 of one-time transactional costs that were expensed during the year ended
December 31
 2016 (Successor). These one-time costs were removed for pro forma purposes as the costs were non-recurring. A
pro-forma adjustment was also made to increase amortization expense for $194
293 to reflect a full year&rsquo;s worth of amortization
related to other intangibles (customer lists). No adjustments have been made for synergies that may result from the acquisition.
These combined results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may have been achieved had the companies been combined
as of such dates or periods
 or of the Company&rsquo;s future operating results.



    
    
Year
December
    31
 2016
    
    
Year
    ended

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
364
647

    
    
    
48
449
630

    

Net loss from continuing
    operations
    
    
(865
299

    
    
    
(407
156
    

Net
    income from discontinued operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
(130
619

    

    
    
    
(865
299

    
    
    
(537
775
    

Income (loss) per share
    &ndash; Basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Discontinued
    operations
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average number
    of common shares outstanding &ndash; Basic and Dilutive
    
    
21
900
106
    
    
    
16
789
376
    


Adjustments
to the fair values of the assets acquired
 which are subject to change
 could have a material impact on these pro forma combined
results.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
4 &ndash; ACQUISITION OF ASSETS OF B&amp;R LIQUID ADVENTURE
 LLC

On
April 1
 2015
 the Company acquired substantially all of the operating assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC
 a California Limited
Liability Company (&ldquo;B&amp;R&rdquo;).&nbsp; B&amp;R is engaged in the manufacture of b&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha
 a gluten
free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha tea.&nbsp; On April 1
 2015
 the parties executed all documents related to the acquisition.&nbsp;
Upon the closing of the acquisition
 the Company received substantially all of the operating assets of B&amp;R
 consisting of
inventory
 fixed assets and intellectual property.

Kombucha
a fermented
 probiotic tea beverage
 offers a myriad of health benefits.&nbsp; With the acquisition of the b&uacute;cha&reg; Live
Kombucha brand
 which features eight flavors
 the Company plans to leverage its brewing expertise to expand distribution in major
health and grocery chains throughout North America.

The
purchase price of the operating assets of B&amp;R was a cash payment of $260
000
 a secured promissory note in an amount of $140
000
and the issuance 1
479
290 shares of common stock valued at $500
000.&nbsp;In addition
 the Company assumed $121
416 of scheduled
liabilities.

The
1
479
290 shares of common stock were issued with &ldquo;price protection&rdquo; for a period of 18 months
 meaning that on the
date that is 18 months from the date of the acquisition
 if the market value of the common stock issued pursuant to the acquisition
is less than $500
000
 the Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares held by B&amp;R is equal to
a market value of $500
000 based on the average closing bid price of the common stock for the five days prior thereto.&nbsp; The
Company determined the fair value of the 1
479
290 shares issued as of October 1
 2016 to be higher than $500
000
 and thus no
additional shares were due under this &ldquo;price protection&rdquo; provision.

The
Company accounted for its acquisition of the operating assets of B&amp;R using the acquisition method of accounting. B&amp;R&rsquo;s
inventory
 fixed assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded based upon their estimated
fair values as of the closing date of the acquisition.&nbsp;The excess of purchase price over the value of the net assets acquired
was recorded as goodwill. Total purchase consideration was as follows:



Total
    Purchase Consideration:
    

    
260
000

Notes
    payable
140
000

Common
    stock issued
500
000

    
900
000


The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired as of the date of acquisition:



Net
    assets acquired:
    

    
328
802

Customer
    relationships
250
000

Property
    and equipment
 net
53
600

Assumption
    of scheduled liabilities
(121
416

    
510
986

    
389
014


Goodwill
is the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets. In
accordance with applicable accounting standards
 goodwill is not amortized but instead is tested for impairment at least annually
or more frequently if certain indicators are present. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined there was
no impairment of goodwill recognized during 2015.




    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
5 &ndash; INVENTORIES

Inventories
consist of brewing materials
 tea ingredients
 bulk packaging and finished goods. The cost elements of work in process and finished
goods inventory consist of raw materials and direct labor. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold
and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. Inventories are stated at the lower
of cost
 determined on the first-in
 first-out basis
 or market. When acquiring Xing
 the Company&rsquo;s inventory balance increased
by $4
847
417.

Inventories
consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
458
582
    
    
    
46
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
798
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
3
962
050
    
    
    
143
494
    

    
    
    
4
420
632
    
    
    
196
220
    


NOTE
6 &ndash; CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS

Customer
relationships consisted of the following as of:



    
December
    31
 2016
December
    31
 2015

    
    
    

Customer
    relationships
4
878
800

250
000

Less:
    accumulated amortization
(340
126
(62
500

    
4
538
674

187
500


Customer relationships were evaluated as part of the tangible and intangible assets acquired in the acquisition
of Xing and B&amp;R (see Notes 3 and 4) and recorded at their fair market value. When acquiring Xing
 the Company&rsquo;s customer
relationship balance increased by $4
628
800. Amortization expense is computed on a straight-line basis of three years for B&amp;R&rsquo;s
customer relationships and 15 years for Xing&rsquo;s customer relationships
 which was determined to be the useful life.&nbsp;
Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and for the nine months ended December
31
 2015 (Successor). Amortization expense was zero for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor).&nbsp; Amortization
expense is classified as cost of goods sold in the consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended December 31
2015 (Successor) and three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor).


As
of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 amortization expense for the next five years for customer relationships is as follows:






    

    
391
920

    
329
420

    
308
587

    
308
587

    
308
587

    
2
891
574

    
4
538
674


NOTE
7 &ndash; PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

When
acquiring Xing
 the Company's property and equipment balance increased by $7
418
789. The Company's property and
equipment consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

Land and
    building
    
    
6
070
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
963
474
    
    
    
    
    

Other property and
    equipment
    
    
509
064

    
    
    
76
551
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    
(256
337
    
    
    
(10
215
    

    
    
    
7
286
201
    
    
    
66
336
    


Depreciation
expense
 computed on the basis of three to five year useful lives for all property and equipment
 and a 40-year useful life on
the building
 was $246
122 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). For the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
depreciation expense was $125
656. Depreciation expense from continuing operations was $10
215 and $5
100 for the nine months
ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively. Depreciation expense
is classified as cost of goods sold in the consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
and three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor). Depreciation expense from discontinued operations was $115
411 for the nine
months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor).


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE
8 &ndash; NOTES PAYABLE
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASES

Notes
payable consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

Revolving
    note payable due bank
    
    
5
650
000
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable due to
    bank &ndash; secured by building
    
    
4
754
636
    
    
    
    
    

Seller&rsquo;s note
    payable
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Note
    payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
32
218

    
    
    
78
931
    

    
    
    
14
936
854
    
    
    
78
931
    

Less:
    current portion
    
    
(4
562
179

    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
10
374
675

    
    
    
78
931
    


In
connection with the Acquisition of Xing
 the Company entered into several notes payable with a bank and received proceeds of $10.7
million. One note payable is for $4
800
000
 bears interest at 4.04%
 and is secured by the Company&rsquo;s land and building.
Principal and interest is payable in monthly installments of $25
495 through June 2021 at which time the unpaid principal balance
is due. The other note payable is a revolving credit facility that allows borrows up to $5.9 million
 bears interest payable monthly
at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 2.25% to 3.00% depending on the current ratio of payment obligations to earnings as defined
in the agreement
 and is secured by the Company&rsquo;s assets. The amount that maybe borrowed under the revolving credit facility
is based on the Company&rsquo;s eligible receivables
 inventory and fixed assets
 and is reduces by $50
000 each month beginning
August 1
 2016 until the facility has been reduced down to $2
900
000. The revolving credit facility matures on June 30
 2018.
As of December 31
 2016
 there are no available borrowings under the revolving credit facility.

The
Company also issued a $4
500
000 note payable to a selling shareholder of Xing. This seller&rsquo;s note bears interest
payable monthly
 at 1% per year
 beginning after December 31
 2016. The loan matures on June 30
 2017.


On
March 19
 2016
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an unaffiliated third party
 whereby the Company
sold a Convertible Promissory Note in an amount of $200
000. The purchaser also received a three-year Warrant to purchase 100
000
shares at an exercise price of $0.40 per share. The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the warrant based
upon relative fair values. The relative fair value of the warrant was determined to be $18
153. During 2016
 the note was
converted into 30
000 shares of Series B Preferred stock.


In March 2015
 the Company entered into two 60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&nbsp;
Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8% per annum.&nbsp; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to
the notes of $2
250.&nbsp; The notes also included an equity payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with
the debt.&nbsp; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&nbsp;
The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020 and it was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp; The two notes were
fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor).


In
March 2015
 the Company borrowed $200
000 used for the acquisition of B&amp;R (see Note 4).&nbsp; The note bears interest at 10%
per annum and is due and payable beginning December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&nbsp; Payments of interest are required
quarterly.&nbsp; Should the Company be successful in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note
will be due immediately.&nbsp; The note was issued in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred
stock that was issued with the debt.&nbsp; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon
relative fair value.&nbsp; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp;
The discount is being amortized over the life of the loans to interest expense.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2016
 no payment has
been made on this note and the remaining balance of this note is $200
000 ($101
425
 net of the unamortized discount.)

On
April 1
 2015
 a promissory note in an amount of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the acquisition of B&amp;R (see Note 4).&nbsp;
The note bears interest at 10% per annum and it matured on June 30
 2015.&nbsp; The note was fully repaid in 2015.

In
April 2015
 the Company borrowed $50
000 under a 90-day promissory note.&nbsp; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was
due on July 21
 2015.&nbsp; The note was fully repaid in 2015.



on third party and related party debt was $68
466 during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor).




    
    


NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
8 &ndash; NOTES PAYABLE
 CONVERTIBLE NOTE PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASES (continued)

Notes
payable and capital leases consisted of the following as of:



    
December
    31
 2015
December
    31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    payable
 net of unamortized&nbsp;discounts of $121
069 and zero
78
931
    

Capital
    lease obligations (Predecessor)
    
3
689

    
78
931
3
689

Less:
    current portion
    
(3
689

Long-term
    portion
 net of unamortized&nbsp;discounts of $121
069 and zero
78
931
    




In
March 2015
 the Company entered into two 60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&nbsp; Each note has a 1.5%
loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8% per annum.&nbsp; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&nbsp;
The notes also included an equity payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&nbsp; The Company
has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&nbsp; The relative fair value of
the stock was determined to be $9
020 and it was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp; The two notes were fully paid off during the
nine months ended December 31
 2015.

In
March 2015
 the Company borrowed $200
000 used for the Acquisition (see Note 4).&nbsp; The note bears interest at 10% per annum
and is due and payable beginning December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&nbsp; Payments of interest are required quarterly.&nbsp;
Should the Company be successful in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.&nbsp;
The note was issued in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued
with the debt.&nbsp; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&nbsp;
The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp; The discount will
be amortized over the life of the loans to interest expense.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2015
 no payment has been made on this note
and the remaining balance of this note is $200
000 ($78
931
 net of the unamortized discount.)

On
April 1
 2015
 a promissory note in an amount of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the Acquisition (see Note 4).&nbsp; The note
bears interest at 10% per annum and it matured on June 30
 2015.&nbsp; The note was fully paid off and the balance as of December
31
 2015 is zero.

In
April 2015
 the Company borrowed $50
000 under a 90-day promissory note.&nbsp; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was
due on July 21
 2015.&nbsp; The note was fully paid off and the balance as of December 31
 2015 is zero.

Aggregate
amortization of debt discounts on third party and related party debt was $68
466 during the nine months ended December 31
 2015.

Obligations
under Capital Leases (Predecessor)

In January
2013
 the Predecessor entered into a lease agreement for the purchase of an Alcolyzer
 a highly accurate analysis system which
determines the alcohol content of its Kombucha products.&nbsp; The lease is for 24 months and requires monthly payments of $701
plus sales tax.&nbsp; The Predecessor paid a down payment on the equipment lease of $4
957.&nbsp; The lease is secured by the
underlying leased asset.&nbsp; This arrangement was accounted for as a capital lease and capitalized the asset at $23
900. As
of December 31
 2014
 the outstanding balance under this capital lease was $3
689.




    
    


Notes
payable and capitalized leases of discontinued operations

As
discussed in Note 13
 in 2015 the Company sold its assets related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations. The Sale price
was paid in cash of $395
650 and assumed debt owed to a third party related to three equipment financing agreements and various
capital lease arrangements as described:


an
                                         Equipment Financing Agreement dated January 2015 for $124
322.&nbsp; The note required
                                         48 monthly payments of $3
218 each of which include $628 in interest.

an
                                         Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $125
000.&nbsp; The note required 48
                                         monthly payments of $3
236 each of which include $632 in interest.

an
                                         Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $113
320.&nbsp; The note required 48
                                         monthly payments of $2
934 each of which include $573 in interest.

various
                                         capital lease agreements ranging from two to three years with interest rates ranging
                                         from 5% to 6%.

NOTE
9 &ndash; RELATED PARTY DEBT

In
March 2015
 the Company entered into two 60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&nbsp; Each note has a 1.5%
loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8% per annum.&nbsp; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&nbsp;
The notes also included an equity payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&nbsp; The Company
has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&nbsp; The relative fair value of
the stock was determined to be $9
020 and it was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp; The two notes were fully paid off during the
nine months ended December 31
 2015.&nbsp;

Related
Party debt consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

Related
    party debt
 net of unamortized discounts of $30
039 and $36
331 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
29
961

    
    
    
23
669
    

Less:
    current portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
 net of unamortized discount
    
    
29
961

    
    
    
23
669
    


In
March 2015
 the Company borrowed $60
000 from a member of management.&nbsp;The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due
and payable beginning June 30
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020. Payments of interest are required quarterly. The note was issued
in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 53
073 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&nbsp;The
Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair values.&nbsp; The relative fair
value of the stock was determined to be $42
742 and was recorded as a debt discount.&nbsp;The discount is being amortized
over the life of the loan to interest expense.&nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 no principal payment has been made on this note&nbsp;(but
has since been paid in full in February 2017).

Accrued
Officer Compensation and Gain on Forgiveness of Accrued Payroll

In
April 2015
 the Company and two officers agreed to forgive $500
000 of the $600
000 in accrued officer compensation. This resulted
in the Company recognizing a gain of $500
000 on forgiveness of accrued payroll during the nine months ended December 31
 2015
(Successor). No payments have been made on the remaining balance of $100
000
 which is recorded as an accrued liability on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016.

For
the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 the Company recorded an expense of approximately $10
800 for company-related
expenses incurred on an officer&rsquo;s personal credit card. This amount was paid in full on October 5
 2015 from the proceeds

of $1
000 on this credit card.


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
10 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Operating
Lease Commitments

In September 2015
 the Company extended the facilities lease for 39 months effective March 1
 2016 and expiring
May 31
 2019. The monthly base rent is $2
795 for first 12 months
 $2
879 for next 12 months
 $2
965 for next 12 months
 and $3
054
for the balance of the term. Monthly rent payments also include common area maintenance charges
 taxes
 and other charges. On June
30
 2016 the Company assumed the lease commitments for the New Age Beverage
 LLC (NAB) and Xing Beverage
 LLC (Xing) when they
acquired those companies. The Colorado Springs property
 previously leased by Xing
 has a base rent of $14
000 per month plus common
area expenses
 with escalation clauses over time.

Future
minimum lease payments under these facilities leases are approximately as follows:




    
208
349

    
215
410

    
201
093

    
192
000

    
816
852



812 for the year
ended December 31
 2016.Rent expense was $37
900 and $8
250 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three
months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor); respectively



In
the normal course of business
 the Company may be involved in legal proceedings
 claims and assessments arising in the ordinary
course of business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties
 and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are
no such matters that are deemed material to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31
 2016.

NOTE
11 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

Preferred
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 each having a par value of $0.001
 with voting
 distribution
dividend and redemption rights
 and liquidation preferences and conversions as designated by the board of directors.

The
board of directors has designated 250
000 shares as Series A Preferred stock
&rdquo;).
Each share of Series A Preferred shall have 500 votes for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Company.
As of December 31
 2016
 250
000 shares of Series A Preferred are issued and outstanding.

The
board of directors has designated 300
000 shares as Series B Preferred stock
&rdquo;).
The Series B Preferred is non-voting
 not eligible for dividends and ranks equal to common stock and below Series A preferred
stock. Each share of Series B Preferred has a conversion rate into eight shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 284
807
shares of Series B Preferred are issued and outstanding. During the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 the Company
sold 25
000 shares of Series B Preferred for $25
000 cash. During the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 the Company issued
30
000 shares of Series B Preferred upon conversion of a $200
000 note payable (see Note 8).


Common
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value.

Common
stock issued in B&amp;R Acquisition

During
the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 1
479
290 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the acquisition

shares were issued with &ldquo;Price Protection&rdquo; for a period of 18 months. If the market value of the common stock issued
pursuant to the Acquisition is less than $500
000
 the Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares
issued in the Acquisition is equal to a market value of $500
000 based on the average closing bid price of the common stock for
the five days prior thereto

Common
stock issued for cash

During
the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 204
000 shares of common stock were sold to three investors for cash proceeds
of $61
200
 or $.30 per share
 under a private placement offering. The offering provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase
50% of the number of shares subscribed for
 at a price of $.50 per share
 expiring one year from the investment. A total of 102
000
warrants were issued and expire between April 13 and June 10
 2016 (see Note 12).

Common
stock issued for services

During
the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 707
141 shares of common stock were issued to employees and consultants in
connection with services rendered as follows:



    
    
52
000
    shares were issued to employees for services rendered. The Company determined the fair market value (FMV) to be $0.44 per
    share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $22
880.

    
    
    

    
    
85
714
    shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee would be granted shares valued at $30
000.
    The Company determined the FMV to be $0.35 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $30
000.

    
    
    

    
    
64
427
                                         shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee
                                         would be granted shares equal to $6
500 at the end of each quarter effective with the
                                         three months ending March 31
 2015. The Company determined the per share FMV to be $0.35
                                         as of March 31
 $0.46 as of June 30
 $0.42 as of September 30 and $.40 as of December
                                         31. Accordingly
 the employee received 18
571
 14
130
 15
476 and 16
250 shares of common
                                         stock

 and the Company recorded an expense of $26
000.
        

    
    
    

    
    
5
000
    shares were issued to Stonefield Fund for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.44 per share at the time
    of issuance and recorded an expense of $2
200.

    
    
    

    
    
500
000
    shares were issued to LP Funding
 LLC for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.46 per share at the time
    of issuance and recorded an expense of $230
000.


During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 50
000 shares of fully vested common stock to a consultant as partial
consideration for professional services to be rendered. The shares were fair valued at $0.41 per share
 which was the traded stock
price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at the time of grant. The Company (Successor) recognized legal and professional fees
of $20
500 related to this grant. The Company also issued 42
000 shares of common stock in connection with a warrant being exercised
(see Note 12).

In
connection with the acquisition of Xing
 the Company issued a total of 5
600
672 shares of common stock as either purchase consideration
or payment of transactional services that were provided (see Note 3).


    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
11 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (continued)

On
August 3
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s approved and implemented the New Age Beverages Corporation 2016-2017 Long Term Incentive Plan
(the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) pursuant to which the maximum number of shares that can be granted is 1
600
000 shares. Grants under
the Plan may include options and restricted stock
 as well as many other equity-type awards. The purpose of the Plan is to attract
able persons to enter the employ or to serve as directors or as consultants of the Company and its affiliates. A further purpose
of the Plan is to provide such individuals with additional incentive and reward opportunities designed to enhance the profitable
growth of the Company and its affiliates. The shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the Plan will not be
registered under the Securities Act. As of December 31
 2016
 there have been no grants under the Plan.

NOTE
12 &ndash; COMMON STOCK WARRANTS


Common
Stock Options

A
summary of stock option activity for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)  is as follows:



    
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise price

    
    
    

Options outstanding December 31
 2014
875
042
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Options outstanding
    March 31
 2015
875
042
    

Options exercisable
    March 31
 2015
468
792
    


As
of March 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 the range of exercise prices of the outstanding options was $0.05 to $.25 per share.&nbsp;
Of the total options outstanding
 375
042 options were granted at $0.05 per share and are fully vested as of December 31
 2014
and 500
000 options were granted at $.25 per share with a vesting rate of 6.25% per quarter from July 14
 2014.&nbsp; The relative
fair value of the options was determined to be nominal.

Common
Stock Warrants

A
summary of stock option warrants activity for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)  is as follows:



    
    
Weighted
    Average

    
    
Exercise
    price

    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December
    31
 2014
60
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Warrants
    outstanding March 31
 2015
60
000
    

Warrants
    exercisable March 31
 2015
60
000
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Predecessor issued an aggregate of 60
000 common stock warrants to purchase shares of common
stock at $0.01 in connection with borrowings from related party shareholders and officers of the Predecessor. The relative fair
value of the common stock warrants was determined to be nominal.



As
of December 31
 2015
 the Company had warrants to purchase 1
127
000 shares of common stock outstanding
 with exercise prices
between $0.50 and $1.00 and expiration dates between September 2016 and October 2019.&nbsp; A summary of common stock warrants
activity for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 is as follows:



    
    
Weighted
    Average

    
    
Exercise
    Price

    
    
    

Warrants
    outstanding March 31
 2015
1
025
000
    

    
102
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Warrants
    outstanding December 31
 2015
1
127
000
    

Warrants
    exercisable as of December 31
 2015
1
127
000
    


As
of December 31
 2016
 the Company had a warrant to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock outstanding with an exercise of $0.40
per share. The warrant expires in March 2019. A summary of common stock warrants activity for the periods ended December
31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    

    
    
    
    
    
Exercise
    Price
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
025
000
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
102
000

    
    
    
    

    

Warrants
    outstanding December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(42
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
085
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    outstanding December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    exercisable as of December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    


During
the year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2016
 the Company issued a three-year warrant to purchase 100
000 shares at an exercise price
of $0.40 per share in connection with a $200
000 Convertible Promissory Note (see Note 8)&nbsp;which was exercised during the
year. During 2016
 warrants totaling 42
000 shares of common stock were exercised at $0.50 per share.&nbsp;The Company received
$21
000 when the warrant shares were exercised.&nbsp;Warrants that were outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and not exercised
were forfeited on June 30
 2016 when acquiring Xing.

NOTE
13 &ndash; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS &ndash; BREWERY AND MICRO-BREWING OPERATIONS

On
October 1
 2015 (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into an agreement whereby it sold its assets and various
liabilities related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations to AMBREW (the &ldquo;Sale&rdquo;.)&nbsp; On the Closing Date
the parties executed all documents related to the Sale.&nbsp; Under the terms of the agreement
 the assets sold consisted of accounts
receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets and property and equipment.&nbsp; The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts
held by the Company
 liabilities related to inventory as well as lease obligations.&nbsp; The Sale price was paid in cash of $395
650
and assumed debt owed to a third party related to three equipment financing agreements and various capital lease arrangements.

The
Company recognized the sale of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued operation
 in accordance with ASU 2014-08




    
    
    
NEW
AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE
13 &ndash; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS &ndash; BREWERY AND MICRO-BREWING OPERATIONS (continued)

Assets
and Liabilities of Discontinued Operations

The
following table provides the details of the assets and liabilities of the Company&rsquo;s discontinued brewery and micro-brewing operations as
of the Closing Date:



    
October
    1
 2015

Assets
    of discontinued operations:
    

    
    

Accounts
    receivable
62
588

    
85
493

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
11
588

    
    

Property
    and equipment
869
118

Other
    assets
12
816

Total
    assets of discontinued operations
1
041
603

    
    

Liabilities
    of discontinued operations:
    

    
    

Accounts
    payable
18
907

Accrued
    expenses and other current liabilities
46
874

Current
    portion of notes payable and capital leases
93
953

    
    

Noncurrent
    portion of notes payable and capital leases
229
446

Total
    liabilities of discontinued operations
389
180

    
    

Net
    assets sold
652
423

Cash
    received
395
650

Loss
    on sale of discontinued operations
256
773


Income
and Expense of Discontinued Operations

The
following table provides income and expense of discontinued operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively:



    
Nine
    Months
Three
    Months


    
    
    


    
December
    31
 2015
March
    31
 2015


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
510
216
    


Less:&nbsp;
    Cost of Goods Sold
366
852
    


Gross
    Profit
143
364
    


    
    
    


Other
    expenses
7
660
    


Interest
    expense
9
550
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;Income
    from discontinued operations
126
154
    



Note
14 &ndash; Income Taxes 



The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions.

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The Company must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable
income and
 to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized
 the Company must
establish a valuation allowance.

As
of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company has a valuation allowance against 100% of the deferred tax assets
 which is primarily composed
) carryforwards. Even though the Company has reserved all of these net deferred tax assets
for book purposes
 the Company would still be able to utilize them to reduce future income taxes payable should the Company have
future taxable earnings. To the extent the deferred tax assets relate to NOL carryforwards
 the ability to use such NOLs against
future earnings will be subject to applicable carryforward periods. As of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had NOL carryforwards
for both Federal and state tax purposes of approximately $5.8&nbsp;million
 which are available to offset taxable income through
2036. Our NOL carryforwards begin to expire in 2028.

For
the periods ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was no income tax expense recognized. The tax effects of temporary differences
that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:



    
December
    31
 2016
December
    31
 2015

Net
    operating loss carry forwards
2
139
000
728
000

Intangible
    amortization difference
34
000
18
000

Less
    valuation allowance
(2
173
000
(746
000

Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    




The
Predecessor is a limited liability corporation and is classified as a partnership for income tax purposes. The Predecessor profits
and losses are reportable by the members on their respective income tax returns. Accordingly
 no provision for income taxes has
been reflected in these financial statements for the Predecessor.

NOTE
15 &ndash; NET LOSS PER SHARE

The
following table provides basic and diluted shares outstanding for the calculation of net loss per share. Series B preferred stock
is included on an as-converted basis and warrants are included using the treasury stock method. For the periods whereby we are
reporting a net loss from continuing operations
 securities to acquire common stock or securities that are convertible
into shares of common stock are excluded from the computation of net loss per share as they would be anti-dilutive.



    
    
Year
    ended
    
    
Nine
    
    

    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
December
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average shares outstanding &ndash; Basic
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925

    

Series
    B preferred stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant
    to acquire common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average shares outstanding &ndash; Diluted
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925

    



    
    
    
Note
16 &ndash; statements of cash flows

Supplemental
Disclosures



    
    
December
    31
 2016
    
    
Nine
December
    31
 2015
    
    
Three
March
    31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CASH
    PAID DURING THE PERIODS FOR:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
189
470
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
861
    

Income
    taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

NONCASH
    INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Debt
    issued for acquisition of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
    
    
    
    
    
    
140
000
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for acquisition of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    issued with convertible debt
    
    
18
153
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
6
995
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Promissory
    note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
                                         debt and accrued interest converted into shares of Series B Preferred stock&nbsp;
    
    
225
872
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



NOTE
17 &ndash; SEGMENT INFORMATION

The
Company follows segment reporting in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 280
.&nbsp; Prior to October 1
 2015
the Company&rsquo;s brewery operations were classified into two operating segments; &ldquo;retail
&rdquo; to retail customers
through the Company&rsquo;s tasting room located in the greater Seattle
 Washington area
 and &ldquo;wholesale
&rdquo; to distributors
under various distributor agreements. Although both segments are involved in the sale and distribution of beer
 they serve different
customers and are managed separately
 requiring specialized expertise.&nbsp;As discussed in Note 13
 on October 1
 2015
 the Company
sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations.&nbsp;The Company recognized the sale
of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

As
discussed in Note 4
 effective April 1
 2015
 the Company also manufactures and sells b&uacute;cha&reg; Live Kombucha
 a
gluten free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha tea.&nbsp; The kombucha tea brand serves different customers and is
managed separately
 requiring specialized expertise.&nbsp; Prior to October 1
 2015
 the Company also reported its kombucha
tea business as an operating segment. However
 with the sale of the Company&rsquo;s brewery and micro-brewing operations
 the
Company now operates in one segment. Accordingly
 no further segment reporting is required as of December 31
 2015 and for
the period then ended.

NOTE
18 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENT

During
February 2017
 the Company rescinded its Series A Preferred stock and converted its Series B Preferred stock into shares of
common stock.


On February 17
 2017
 the Company issued a press release announcing that it closed its underwritten public
offering of 4
285
714 shares of common stock at an offering price of $3.50 per share. In addition
 the Company&rsquo;s underwriter
exercised the over-allotment to purchase an additional 642
857 shares of common stock. Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately
$17
250
000 before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
 and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.

On
March 31
 2017
 the Company
 entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement whereby the Company acquired substantially all of the operating
assets of Maverick Brands
 LLC (&ldquo;Maverick&rdquo;)
 which is a company engaged in the business of delivering organic
 non-GMO
certified
 no-sugar-added coconut water. Upon closing
 the Company received substantially all of the operating assets of Maverick
consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed assets and intellectual property in exchange for a purchase price of 2
200
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 plus cash in an amount of $2
000
000. The Company also agreed to assume approximately
$1
500
000 in debt consisting of various secured subordinated promissory notes
 which will be secured with the inventory and receivables
of the Company. The shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted under Rule 144
 and will
be subject to a leak out provision
 which provides that beginning six months after the Closing Date
 and on the last day of each
calendar month thereafter
 each holder of the Shares may sell up to but not more than twenty percent (20%) of the number of shares
that the holder initially received in connection with this transaction. The Acquisition was subject to customary closing conditions.


On
March 23
 2017
&nbsp;the Company
 entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement&nbsp;whereby the Company agreed to acquire substantially
all of the operating assets of Marley Beverage Company
 LLC (&ldquo;Marley&rdquo;)
 which is a company engaged in the development
manufacturing
 selling and marketing of nonalcoholic relaxation teas and sparkling waters
 and ready to drink coffee drinks (the
&ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;). On March 23
 2017
 the parties executed the Asset Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition
 with the
Closing to take place on or about June 30
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Upon closing
the Company will receive substantially all of the operating assets of Marley
 consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed
assets and intellectual property in exchange for a purchase price of 2
850
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 plus
cash in an amount equal to 150
000 times the average of the closing price of our common stock on the ten trading days immediately
preceding the closing date
 as well as an earn out payment of $1
250
000 in cash if the gross revenues of the Marley business
during any trailing twelve calendar month period after the Closing Date are equal to or greater than $15
000
000. The earnout
if applicable
 will be paid as $625
 day after the end of the first trailing twelve calendar
month period in which the earnout condition is satisfied
 $312
500 not later than the first anniversary of the initial earnout
payment
 and $312
500 not later than the second anniversary of the initial earnout payment. The shares of Common Stock to be issued
pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted under Rule 144
 but Marley will have piggyback registration rights
 as well as
demand registration rights
 with the demand registration rights beginning twelve months from the Closing Dat





    
    



ITEM
CHANGES
                      IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

On
August 19
 2016
 Accell Audit &amp; Compliance
 PA (Accell) was appointed as the Company&rsquo;s new independent registered public
accounting firm. The appointment of Accell was approved by the Board of Directors of New Age Beverages Corporation (Bucha
 Inc.).
Accell did not prepare or provide any financial reports for any periods prior to the date of engagement
 nor did it prepare or
provide any financial reports for
 or prior to the year ended December 31
 2015.&nbsp; Neither the Company
 nor any person on
behalf of the Company
 consulted with Accell during the Company&rsquo;s two most recent fiscal years or the subsequent interim
period prior to the engagement of Accell regarding (i)&nbsp;the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction
either completed or proposed or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
and neither a written report not oral advice was provided that Accell concluded was an important factor considered by the Company
in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue
 or (ii)&nbsp;any matter that was either the
subject of a disagreement between the Company and its predecessor auditor as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)&nbsp;of Regulation
S-K or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v)&nbsp;of Regulation S-K
 prior to the dismissal of MaloneBailey
 LLP.

On
August 19
 2016
 the Company notified MaloneBailey
 LLP ( &ldquo;MaloneBailey&rdquo;) of its dismissal
 as the Company&rsquo;s
independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;MaloneBailey served as the auditors of the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements for the period from April&nbsp;27
 2015 through the date of dismissal. The reports of MaloneBailey on the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements for the Company&rsquo;s fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014 did not contain any
adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
The
decision to change accountants was approved by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors. During the Company&rsquo;s fiscal years
ended December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 and during the subsequent interim period through August 19
 2016
 there were (i)&nbsp;no
disagreements with MaloneBailey on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope or procedure
 which disagreements
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of MaloneBailey
 would have caused MaloneBailey to
make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements as defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K in connection with any of its
reports
 and (ii)&nbsp;there were no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as such term is described in Item 304 of Regulation S-K.


ITEM
9A

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management
 including our president and chief executive officer (who is the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officer) and our
chief financial officer
 treasurer
 and secretary (who is the Company&rsquo;s principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives
 and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. The ineffectiveness of our controls and procedures prior
to the acquisition of Xing on June 30
 2016 was due to material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial
reporting
 described below.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting. In order
to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002
 our management
 with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has conducted
an assessment
 including testing
 using the criteria in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework
 issued by the Committee
&rdquo;) (2013). Our system of internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. This assessment included review
of the documentation of controls
 evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls
 testing of the operating effectiveness of
controls and a conclusion on this evaluation.

Based
on this evaluation
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31
 2016
and had effectively remediated the weaknesses associated with the previous standalone B&uacute;cha
 Inc. The historic ineffectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was due to inadequate segregation of duties consistent with
control objectives
 and supervision and review
 both of which have been remediated.


We
are currently reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures related to all risk areas and expect to continually improve
in the next calendar year
 including identifying specific areas within our governance
 accounting and financial reporting
processes to add adequate resources to mitigate any potential weaknesses.

Our
management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements
or improvements
 as necessary and as funds allow.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Other
than the additional accounting consultants we hired in the year ended December 31
 2015 to assist with our internal controls and
financial reporting
 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year-ended December
31
 2016 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
We believe that a control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met
 and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud
 if any
 within any company have been detected.


    
    
    

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 




PART
III. OTHER INFORMATION


ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The
following table presents information with respect to our officers
 directors and significant employees as of the date of this
Report:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Background
of officers and directors

Neil
Fallon &ndash; Executive Chairman

Neil
Fallon has been a Director of the Company since inception on April 26
 2010
 and served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer from inception until March 24
 2016. He was chosen to serve as a director of the company due to the fact that he is the
founder of the company and possesses valuable business experience related to acting in a management role. Neil Fallon previously
owned his own residential real estate developing company
 Neil Fallon Development
 where he developed and built over 100 home
sites through California and Washington states from May 2002 to July 2015. He specialized in the development of infill properties
averaging in the range of 30-50 home sites. Mr. Fallon has a BA in Business Administration with concentrations in Finance and
Marketing from Western Washington University.

Brent
Willis - Chief Executive Officer
 Director

Brent
Willis was appointed as Chief Executive Officer
 and as a member of the board of directors on March 24
 2016. Mr. Willis was chosen
to serve as a director of the Company due to his extensive executive business experience. During the previous five years
 Mr.
Willis has been a director or officer
 serving as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of a number of private-equity backed companies
including 
 an online education company from April 2014 until present
 Vivitris Life Sciences
 Inc.
 a natural
life science products company from December 2015 through present
 XFit Brands
 Inc. and Throwdown Industries Inc
 a private functional
fitness and mixed-martial arts company from November 2009 through present
 Liberty Ammunition
 Inc.
 a private lead-free ammunition
company from December 2009 until April 2013
 and Electronic Cigarettes International Group
 a public independent e-cigarette company
from April 2013 until April 2015. Prior to these companies from 1987 through 2008
 Mr. Willis was a C-Level and Senior Executive
for Cott Corporation
 AB InBev
 The Coca-Cola Company
 and Kraft Heinz. Mr. Willis obtained a Bachelors of Science in Engineering
from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1982 and obtained a Masters in Business Administration from the University
of Chicago in 1991.

Chuck
Ence &ndash; Chief Financial Officer

Chuck
Ence was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on September 15
 2016. From 2001 through present
 Chuck Ence has been the Chief
Financial Officer and a minority owner of Xing Beverages
 LLC. Mr. Ence obtained a Bachelors of Arts in Business Administration
and Accounting from Southern Utah University in 1984
 and obtained a Masters in Business Administration in Finance from Arizona
State University School of Business in 1985.


    
    


Reggie
Kapteyn &ndash; Director

Reggie
Kapteyn is a published physician at the NIH (National Institutes of Health) and is currently a Board Certified Practicing Physician
a Director of Vivitris Life Sciences
 Inc.
 and a Director of Product Development at HydroCision
 Inc. From 2015 through present
he has been a Director of Vivitris Life Sciences. From 2014 through present he has been a Director of Product Development at HydroCision
Inc. From 2013 through present he has been a Practicing Physician and Director of Pain Management at OAM in Michigan. From 2009
to 2012 he was a Medical Director at Drake Hospital
 a University of Cincinnati Hospital. He is a graduate of Hope College
 West
Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine
 with residency at Georgetown University and fellowship at the NIH and the University
of Wisconsin.

David
Vautrin &ndash; Director

David
Vautrin is currently the Chief Executive Officer of XFit Brands
 Inc. a public company and the former CMO of Cott Corporation.
From 2013 to present he has been the Chief Executive Officer of XFIT Brands
 Inc. From 2009 to 2012 he was the Chief Executive
Officer of Throwdown Industries
 Inc. He is a graduate of The State University of New York.

Ed
Brennan &ndash; Director

Ed
Brennan is the current Owner and Chief Executive Officer of Beak and Skiff Orchards
 a private company
 and is the former Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Duty Free Stores
 and the former CMO at Macy&rsquo;s. From 2013 through present he has been the
Owner and Chief Executive Officer for Beak and Skiff Orchards. From 1999 through 2012 he was the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer for Duty Free Stores (DFS Hong Kong Ltd.). He is a graduate of Niagara University.

Tim
Haas &ndash; Director

Tim
Haas is the former Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Foods and The Minute Maid Company
 and former Group President Latin America
of The Coca-Cola Company. Over the past five years he has not held any formal Board of Directors or other employment positions.
He is a graduate of The University of North Dakota.

Greg
Fea &ndash; Director

Greg
Fea is the former President
 Chief Executive Officer and Vice-Chairman of Illy Coffee
 and has over twenty plus years of experience
of beverage experience in senior leadership roles for E&amp;J Gallo
 Cadbury Schweppes
 and Danone. From 2015 through present
he has been the managing partner of Global Solutions Consulting. From 1998 through 2014 he worked for Illy Caffe
 SPA and was
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the firm based in Trieste Italy from 2013 to 2014. He is a graduate of
San Diego State University.

Corporate
Governance

Prior
to the closing of this offering
 our board of directors will establish an audit committee
 compensation committee and nominating
and corporate governance committee. Each committee will operate under a charter
 to be approved by our board of directors in connection
with this offering. Following this offering

www.mybucha.com.
 once established
 shall be as described below.

Audit
Committee

The
functions of the Audit Committee will be to (i) review the qualifications of the independent auditors
 our annual and interim
financial statements
 the independent auditor&rsquo;s report
 significant reporting or operating issues and corporate policies
and procedures as they relate to accounting and financial controls; and (ii) to consider and review other matters relating to
our financial and accounting affairs. Mr. Vautrin
 Dr. Kapteyn and Mr. Fea will serve as members of the Company&rsquo;s audit
committee
 with Mr. Vautrin acting as the audit committee chairman and financial expert.

Compensation
Committee

The
function of the Compensation Committee will be to discharge the Board&rsquo;s responsibilities relating to compensation of the
Company&rsquo;s directors and executive officers
 to produce an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in the Company&rsquo;s
Proxy Statement
 as necessary
 and to oversee and advise the Board on the adoption of policies that govern the Company&rsquo;s
compensation programs including stock incentive and benefit plans. Mr. Vautrin
 Mr. Brennan
 and Dr. Kapteyn will serve as members
of the Company&rsquo;s compensation committee
 with Mr. Fea serving as the compensation committee chairman.


    
    


Nominating
and Governance Committee

The
function of the Nominating and Governance Committee is to (i) make recommendations to the Board regarding the size of the Board
(ii) make recommendations to the Board regarding criteria for the selection of director nominees
 (iii) identify and recommend
to the Board for selection as director nominees individuals qualified to become members of the Board
 (iv) recommend committee
assignments to the Board
 (v) recommend to the Board corporate governance principles and practices appropriate to the Company
and (vi) lead the Board in an annual review of its performance. Mr. Fea
 Mr. Brennan and Mr. Haas will serve as members of the
Company&rsquo;s governance committee
 with Mr. Brennan serving as the governance committee chairman.

Director
Independence 

The
Company is quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace
 which does not require director independence requirements. However
 NASDAQ requires
that a majority of the board of directors must be comprised of Independent Directors as defined in Rule 5605(a)(2). For purposes
of determining director independence
 we have applied the definitions set forth in the NASDAQ guidelines which state
 generally
that a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is
 or at any time during the past three years was an employee
of the Company; or if he or she (or his or her family member) accepted compensation from the Company in excess of $120
000 during
any twelve month period within the three years preceding the determination of independence. Our Board has affirmatively determined
that Mr. Vautrin
 Dr. Kapteyn
 Mr. Brennan
 Mr. Haas and Mr. Fea are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors as such term is defined
under the NASDAQ rules and the related rules of the SEC.

Board
Leadership Structure

The
Board has no set policy with respect to the separation of the offices of Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Currently
Neil Fallon serves as Executive Chairman and Brent Willis serves as Chief Executive Officer. Our board of directors does not have
a lead independent director. Our board of directors has determined that its leadership structure is appropriate and effective
for us at this time
 given our stage of development.

Board
of Director&rsquo;s Role in Risk Oversight

The
Board is responsible for overseeing our management and operations
 including overseeing our risk assessment and risk management
functions. We believe that our directors provide effective oversight of risk management functions. On a regular basis we perform
a risk review wherein the management team evaluates the risks we expect to face in the upcoming year and over a longer term horizon.
From this risk assessment plans are developed to deal with the risks identified. The results of this risk assessment are provided
to the Board for their consideration and review. In addition
 members of our management periodically present to the Board the
strategies
 issues and plans for the areas of our business for which they are responsible. While the Board oversees risk management
our management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. Additionally
 the Board requires that management raise
exceptional issues to the Board. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the
risks we face and that the Board leadership structure supports this approach.

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics

We
have not adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors
 officers and employees. The Board
and our management group plan to adopt a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics prior to the closing of this offering.


    
    


ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The
following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our named executive officers during 2016 and 2015.



Name
Principal
                                         Position
    
Salary
    ($)
Totals
    ($)

    
    
    
    

Brent
    Willis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
67
500
67
500

    
    
    
    

Neil Fallon
 former
    Chief Executive Officer
    
100
000
100
000

    
    
100
000
100
000


Employment
Agreements

Our
board of directors signed a board resolution on March 24
 2016
 which provides that Brent Willis
 the interim Chief Executive
Officer as of the date of the resolution
 would receive a base salary of $7
500 per month
 benefits and expense reimbursement
and a sign-on incentive bonus of 5% of the outstanding shares of the Company as of the date of the resolution. The 5% of the outstanding
shares sign-on bonus was equal to 771
783 shares of common stock valued at $200
663.46
 or $0.26 per share based on the market
price of the shares on the date of issuance.

We
executed an employment agreement on June 1
 2016
 which provides that Mr. Willis receive a bonus of 5% of the outstanding shares
of the Company upon completion of a first acquisition involving more than 25% of our then current market capitalization. The transaction
with Xing met that criteria
 and the Company paid the share bonus at the time of closing of the Xing transaction which equaled
1
078
763 shares of common stock valued at $1
736
808.43
 or $1.61 per share based on the market price of the shares on the date
of issuance.

Equity
Compensation Plan Information

On
August 3
 2016
 we approved the New Age Beverages Corporation 2016-2017 Long Term Incentive Plan (&ldquo;the Plan&rdquo;). The
Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options
 options that do not qualify as incentive stock options
 restricted
stock awards
 performance awards
 stock appreciation rights
 phantom stock awards
 stock awards
 restricted stock unit awards
or any combination of such awards. The Plan allows for an issuance of a maximum of 10% of the shares of common stock outstanding
based on the first day of trading for each fiscal year. The current maximum number of shares that may be issued in 2016 under
the Plan is 1
600
000. No single participant may receive more than 25% of the total shares awarded during any single year. The
aggregate number of shares with respect to incentive stock options that may be granted under the plan is 1
000
000 shares
 and
the maximum shares issuable in the form of options is 1
000
000 shares.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

There
are no outstanding equity awards for our officers and directors.

Compensation
of Directors 

The
board of directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to
 or accrued to
 our directors
in such capacity as of the date of this prospectus. On January 27
 2017
 we executed offer letters with Mr. Vautrin
 Dr. Kapteyn
Mr. Brennan
 Mr. Haas and Mr. Fea
 which provide that Mr. Vautrin
 Dr. Kapteyn
 Mr. Brennan
 Mr. Haas and Mr. Fea will each receive
annual compensation of $10
000 in cash and $65
000 worth of restricted common stock in exchange for their services as members
of the board of directors.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company&rsquo;s voting securities
as of March 31
 2017
 by each person or group of affiliated persons known to the Company to beneficially own 5% or more of
such class of voting securities
 each director
 each named executive officer
 and all of its directors and named
executive officers as a group. As of March  31
 2017
 there were 27
700
895 shares of common stock outstanding and 250
000
shares of Series A preferred stock and 300
000 shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding. Concurrent with our NASDAQ
listing
 we plan to redeem the Series A preferred shares at a price of $0.001 per share. Unless otherwise indicated
 the
address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o New Age Beverages Corporation
 Avenue
 Denver
CO 80229.


    
    


The
following table gives effect to the shares of common stock issuable within 60 days of February 7
 2017
 upon the exercise of all
options and other rights beneficially owned by the indicated stockholders on that date. Unless otherwise indicated
 the persons
named in the table have sole voting and sole investment control with respect to all shares beneficially owned.



    
    
Number
                    of Shares of
Common
        Stock
        
    
    
Percentage
    of Shares of
    
    
Number
                    of Shares of Preferred Stock
Beneficially
        
    
    
    
Of
        Shares of
Preferred
        Stock
        
    
Percentage
                    of 
Combined
        Voting
Power
        of Common and
Preferred
        Stock Before
    
Percentage
    of Voting Power of Common Stock After

Beneficial
    Owner
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Five Percent
    Stockholders:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
434
912
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nuwa Group
 LLC(2)
    
    
2
852
311
    
    
    
    
    
169
234
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
579
761
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
579
761
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
731
236
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
689
639
    
    
    
    
    
225
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
850
546
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
422
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
962
887
    
    
    
    
    
225
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
        


(1)
The address for B&amp;R Liquid Adventure Trust is 514 John Street
 Manhattan Beach
 CA 90266. The trustees of the trust are Robert
Tiedemann and Richard Corgel.

(2)
Includes 2
852
311 common shares and  169
234 shares of Series B preferred stock
 consisting of 81.1% of the outstanding
shares of Series B preferred stock
 which are convertible into eight common shares for each Series B preferred share held
with the limitation that the Series B preferred shares may not be converted in an amount that would result in the beneficial
ownership of greater than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of the Company. The members of Nuwa Group
 LLC are Kevin Fickle and
Devin Bosch. The address for Nuwa Group
 LLC is 1415 Oakland Blvd
 Suite 219
 Walnut Creek
 94596.

(3)
The address for Scott Lebon is 4891 Wren Court
 Frederick
 CO 80504.

(4)
The address for Tom Lebon is 6865 West Coco Pl
 Littleton
 CO 80128.

(5)
Includes 1
731
236 common shares and 25
000 Series A preferred shares
 which carry voting rights 500 shares of common stock for
every one share of Series A preferred stock. Including the common and Series A preferred shares
 Julie Anderson possesses the
combined voting power of 14
231
236 shares of common stock
 which is equal to 10.6% of the combined voting power of the common
and Series A preferred stock. Concurrent with our NASDAQ listing
 we plan to redeem the Series A preferred shares held by Julie


 University Place
 WA 98466.


    
    


(6)
Includes 5
689
639 common shares and 225
000 Series A preferred shares
 which carry voting rights of 500 shares of common stock
for every one share of Series A preferred stock. Including the common and Series A preferred shares (as converted)
 Neil Fallon
possesses the combined voting power of 118
189
639 shares of common stock
 which is equal to 88% of the combined voting power
of the common and Series A preferred stock. Concurrent with our NASDAQ listing
 we plan to redeem the Series A preferred shares
held by Mr. Fallon. The Series A preferred shares will be redeemed by us at $0.001 per share.

(7)
Includes 771
783 shares of common stock issued pursuant to an Employment Agreement as a sign on bonus
 as well 1
078
763 shares
issued as a bonus at the time of closing of the Xing transaction.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


In
March 2015
 the Company borrowed $60
000 from Chuck Santry
 a former member of management. The note bears interest at 10% per
annum and is due and payable beginning June 30
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020. Payments of interest are required quarterly.
Should the Company be successful in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.

On
May 27
 2016
 we issued to Nuwa Group
 LLC 30
000 shares of Series B preferred stock pursuant to a debt conversion agreement whereby
$225
872 owed by us to Nuwa Group
 LLC was converted into shares of our Series B preferred stock. Nuwa Group
 LLC is a beneficial
holder of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock.

On
June 30
 2016
 we issued 1
579
761 shares of common stock to each of Scott Lebon and Tom Lebon pursuant to our acquisition of
Xing. The shares were received as part of a tax free transaction
 but were valued for purposes of the transaction at $1.6066 per
share
 or $2
538
044 for each of Scott and Tom Lebon. The transactions resulted in Scott and Tom Lebon becoming holders of greater
than 5% of our common stock.

On
June 30
 2016
 we issued 422
702 shares of common stock to Chuck Ence
 our Chief Financial Officer
 in connection with our acquisition
of Xing. The shares were received as part of a tax free transaction
 but were valued for purposes of the transaction at $1.6066
per share
 or $679
133.


    
    



    


DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES

Common
Stock

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. The holders of our
common stock (i) have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore
 when
 as and if declared by
its board of directors; (ii) are entitled to share in all of its assets available for distribution to holders of common stock
upon liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of its affairs; (iii) do not have preemptive
 subscription or conversion rights
and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share
on all matters on which stockholders may vote. As of the date of this prospectus
 there are  27
700
895 shares of our common
stock issued and outstanding.

Preferred
Stock

The
Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation
 dated June 25
 2013
 authorizes 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001
of which 250
000 are classified as Series A preferred stock
 and are issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus
and 300
000 shares are classified as Series B preferred stock
 of which 284
807 shares are issued and outstanding as of the date
of this prospectus. The Board may issue additional shares of preferred stock in one or more series and fix the rights
 preferences
and privileges thereof
 including voting rights
 terms of redemption
 redemption prices
 liquidation preferences
 number of shares
constituting any series or the designation of such series
 without further vote or action by the stockholders. All outstanding
shares of Series A preferred stock and Series B preferred stock are fully paid and non-assessable.

Concurrent
with our NASDAQ listing
 we plan to redeem the Series A preferred shares held by Neil Fallon and Julie Anderson. The shares will
be redeemed by us at a price of $0.001 per share. Once the shares have been redeemed by us
 we plan to cancel the designation
of the Series A preferred shares
 which will result in the 250
000 shares currently designated as Series A preferred shares being
returned to our pool of 700
000 shares of authorized preferred stock without designation.

Series
A Preferred Stock

Voting
Rights. 
stock voting together as one class. Each share of Series A preferred stock shall have 500 votes for any election or other vote
placed before the shareholders of the Corporation
 regardless if the vote is taken with or without a shareholders&rsquo; meeting.

The
Record Holders of the Series A Preferred Shares shall be entitled to the same notice of any Regular or Special Meeting of the
Shareholders as may or shall be given to holders of any other series of preferred shares and the holders of common shares entitled
to vote at such meetings. No corporate actions requiring majority shareholder approval or consent may be submitted to a vote of
preferred and common shareholders which in any way precludes the Series A preferred stock from exercising its voting or consent
rights as though it is or was a common shareholder.

Conversion
Rights. 

Dividend
Rights
that any dividends distributed to the holders of the Series A preferred stock are distributed in an equivalent amount to the holders
of common stock.

Liquidation:

 insolvency
or similar law
 or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any law or to the appointment of a
receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 custodian
 trustee
 sequestrator of us or of any substantial part of our property
 or make an
assignment for the benefit of our creditors
 or admit in writing our inability to pay our debts generally as they become due
or if a decree or order for relief in respect of us shall be entered by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary
case under the U.S. Federal bankruptcy laws
 or if we shall otherwise liquidate
 dissolve or wind up
 no distribution shall be
 securities)
upon liquidation
 dissolution or winding up unless prior thereto
 the Holders of shares of Series A preferred stock shall have
received the Liquidation Preference with respect to each share. If
 upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event
 the assets and
 securities
shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the preferential amounts payable thereon
 then the entire assets
 securities shall be distributed
ratably among such shares in proportion to the ratio that the Liquidation Preference payable on each such share bears to the aggregate
Liquidation Preference payable on all such shares. The purchase or redemption by us of stock of any class
 in any manner permitted
by law
 shall not
 for the purposes hereof
 be regarded as a liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company. Neither the
consolidation nor merger of the Company with or into any other entity nor the sale or transfer by us of substantially all of our
assets shall
 for the purposes hereof
 be deemed to be a liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company. The liquidation
preference with respect to a share of Series A preferred stock means an amount equal to the stated value thereof. The liquidation
 securities shall be as set forth in the Certificate of Designation filed in respect
thereof.


    
    



    


Redemption
Provisions. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

The
Series B preferred shares do not have voting rights
 redemption rights
 liquidation preferences or dividend rights. However
 each
of the Series B preferred shares is convertible into eight shares of common stock
 at the option of the holders
 with the limitation
that the Series B preferred shares cannot be converted in an amount that would result in the beneficial ownership of greater than
9.99% of our outstanding common shares.

Representatives&rsquo;
Warrants

We
have agreed to issue to Aegis Capital Corp.
 the underwriters in this offering
 warrants to purchase up to 781
250 shares of
our common stock. Please see &ldquo;Underwriting &mdash; Representatives&rsquo; Warrants&rdquo; for a description of the
warrants we have agreed to issue to the representatives of the underwriters in this offering
 subject to the completion of
the offering. We expect to enter into a warrant agreement in respect of the Representatives&rsquo; Warrants prior to the
closing of this offering.

Washington
Anti-Takeover Law and Bylaws Provisions

Our
Bylaws do not discuss any of Washington&rsquo;s anti-takeover provisions; However
 Chapter 23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation
Act
 with limited exceptions
 prohibits a &ldquo;target corporation&rdquo; from engaging in specified &ldquo;significant business
transactions&rdquo; for a period of five years after the share acquisition by an &ldquo;acquiring person&rdquo;
 unless (a) the
significant business transaction or the acquiring person&rsquo;s purchase of shares was approved by a majority of the members
of the target corporation&rsquo;s board of directors prior to the acquiring person&rsquo;s share acquisition or (b) the significant
business transaction was both approved by the majority of the members of the target corporation&rsquo;s board and authorized at
a shareholder meeting by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting shares (excluding the acquiring person&rsquo;s shares or
shares over which the acquiring person has voting control) at or subsequent to the acquiring person&rsquo;s share acquisition.
An &ldquo;acquiring person&rdquo; is defined as a person or group of persons that beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting
securities of the target corporation. &ldquo;Significant business transactions&rdquo; include
 among other transactions:



    
&#9679;
    
mergers
    share exchanges or consolidations with
 dispositions of assets to
 or issuances of stock to or redemptions of stock from
    the acquiring person;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
termination
    of 5% or more of the employees of the target corporation employed in Washington over a five-year period as a result of the
    acquiring person&rsquo;s acquisition of 10% or more of the shares;

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
allowing
    the acquiring person to receive any disproportionate benefit as a shareholder; and

    
    
    

    
&#9679;
    
liquidating
    or dissolving the target corporation.


After
the five-year period
 &ldquo;significant business transactions&rdquo; are permitted
 as long as they comply with the &ldquo;fair
price&rdquo; provisions of the statute or are approved by a majority of the outstanding shares other than those of which the acquiring
person has beneficial ownership. A corporation may not &ldquo;opt out&rdquo; of this statute. This statute could prohibit or delay
the accomplishment of mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts with respect to us and
 accordingly
 may discourage
attempts to acquire us.

In
addition to Washington&rsquo;s anti-takeover provisions
 certain provisions of our Amended Bylaws could discourage or make it
more difficult to accomplish a proxy contest or other change in our management or the acquisition of control by a holder of a
substantial amount of our voting stock. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish
 or could
deter
 transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interests or in our best interests. These provisions
are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies
formulated by the board of directors and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened
change of our control.

Under
our Amended Bylaws
 vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by the remaining directors
 whether constituting a quorum
or not. In addition
 our board of directors is authorized to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock
 the rights
of which may be determined at the discretion of the board of directors and could operate as a &ldquo;poison pill&rdquo; to dilute
the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer to prevent an acquisition that our board of directors does not approve.

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is ClearTrust
 LLC
 located at 16540 Pointe Village Drive
 #206
 Lutz
 FL 33558.

Stock
Market Listing

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace
 under the symbol &ldquo;NBEV.&rdquo; In February 2017
 we successfully completed
our uplisting on the NASDAQ.


    
    


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

During
the year ended December 31
 2016 we engaged Accell as our independent auditor and during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we
engaged Malone Bailey
 as our independent auditor.

For
the years ended December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 we incurred fees as discussed below:



    
    

    
    

    
37
349

    
122
595

    
    

All other
    fees
    

Total
    fees
159
944


Audit fees consist of fees related to professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual
financial statements and audit related fees relate to review of our quarterly financial statements and review of the Company&rsquo;s
S-1A and registration statements.

On
April 27
 2015 the Company engaged MaloneBailey
 LLP (&ldquo;MB&rdquo;) as the Registrant&rsquo;s new independent registered public
accounting firm. The following table sets forth the fees billed to the Company for professional services rendered by MB
 respectively
for the years ended December 31
 2015:



    
    

    
    

    
54
000

    
34
000

    
    

All other
    fees
    

Total
    fees
88
000


The
audit fees were paid for the audit services of our annual and quarterly reports and issuing consents for our registration statements.

Audit
Related Fees

For
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the audit related fees shown in the table above are related to the historical audit of B&amp;R
Liquid Adventure
 LLC. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 as well as the review
of the three-month periods ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 (unaudited). On April 1
 2015
 we acquired the b&uacute;cha&reg; Live
Kombucha brand and the assets related to the production and sale of it.

Our
policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services
may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Under our Audit Committee&rsquo;s policy
pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories of services
 including planned services
 project based
services and routine consultations. In addition
 the Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case
basis. Our Audit Committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years.

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS

EXHIBITS.
The following exhibits required by Item 601 to be filed herewith are incorporated by reference to previously filed documents:



    
        
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906

    
    
    

    
    
Interactive
    Data Files


*
In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 are deemed not filed for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.


    
    
    


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
NEW
    AGE BEVERAGES CORPORATION

    
    
    

Date:
    March 31
 2017
    
/s/
    Brent Willis

    
    
Brent
    Willis

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 and Director

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
    

Date:
    March 31
 2017
    
/s/
    Chuck Ence 

    
    
Chuck
    Ence

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    













     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Brent Willis
 certify that:

1)
I have reviewed this  annual report of New Age Beverages Corporation on Form 10-K;

2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4)
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
Registrant and have;



    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
    by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation.

    
    

    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and


5)
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    

    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal
    controls over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 31
 2017
/s/
    Brent Willis

    
Brent
    Willis

    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    



    
    













     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Chuck Ence
 certify that:

1)
I have reviewed this annual report of New Age Beverages Corporation on Form 10-K;

2)
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3)
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4)
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
Registrant and have;



    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure the material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
    by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation.

    
    

    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and


5)
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    

    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal
    controls over financial reporting.




Date:
    March     31
 2017
/s/
    Chuck Ence

    
Chuck
    Ence

    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    













     






SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 0F
2002


New Age Beverages Corporation (the Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended herein as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I. Brent Willis
 President of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The information contained in the Report fully presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations or the Company.




    
New
    Age Beverages Corporation

    
    

Date:
    March 31
 2017
    
/s/
    Brent Willis

    
    
Brent
    Willis

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
    



    
    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 0F 2002

In
connection with the annual report of New Age Beverages Corporation (the Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
herein as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I. Chuck Ence
 Chief Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
    information contained in the Report fully presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    or the Company.




    
    

    
    

Date:
    March 31
 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    











begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !6 .(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^DS7E7QI

MH]CZNS1FOE'_ (65XR_Z#]U_X[_A1_PLKQE_T'[K_P =_P */J4^Z#ZU'L?5
MV:


?K7S7X@


M_A
M?&EQ:(]L!$TKS&YWA0/;:.I('6O'OBGJ_P#;'Q U%U;=%;$6R?\  .#_








MRRJ.C2-TS]!C\Z\NTXV8U&W;41*UF) 9EAQO*YY SWK6A0BU[22W
ZM5I\D6




WA3



I_YZ



MPC

IVNH^ =*^SR*6@A$$J@\HR\$'^?XUYEX\^#U_!?3:CX<A^T6LC%VM
M%.'B/?;ZCVZUY_:'Q1X7N6DM4U/3I3PV(W3/U&,&NJHHXBY6<\.:C+5'UWF

#QBWB()_%1FN[^$


M]H\?_#^U\:V
9$HMM0MP1#/C((/\+#T_E7A&J?#WQ=X=NO
.FW+^6V4N+/
@
MX[@KR/QQ712JQG3Y+V9A4@XSYK71ZTWP)\





!R
&L\))*HW)EXA/D5CL?@)I:QZ1JFJ
/GFF6!3
M[*

M$-R(:;HV1C? O2UNO%MU?N

:]/&GAW4+N&


MG?PV5G$TMQ

MNM:G%_Q
KE/W:
.8(S_[
.L2]Y_I[_ $K@_!OPDLO%


:W\'O$NG:?

M 


GCM16C23CR?
*4
MJC3YCS+_ (7]??\ 0!M_^_[?X5ZOKWB&31_!D^NI;K(\5NLWE%L YQQG\:^?



MK(****ZCGBBB@ KZ ^ ?_(K:G_U^_\ LBU\_P!?0'P#_P16U/_ *_?_9%K
MEQ?\
WPW\0]9Q1117EGHA1BBB@ HHHH 
4444 %%%% !BC%%% !1BBB@ HQ1





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

J_$FS[E#^V+7_GE?
M?^ ,W_Q%']L6O_/*^_\  &;_ .(J_13O'M^/_ TNY0_MBU_YY7W_@#-_P#$
M4?VQ:_\ /*^_\ 9O_B*OT47CV_'_ ( 6EW*']L6O_/*^_P# &;_XBC^V+7_G
ME??^ 
W_ 

 9




M_P# &;_XBI+N\DM-*FO7MF9XHC(848%C@9P#TSBJ4?B.S:?2(6#+)JD9D@QR



M+7_GE??^ 
W_ 

@X/(.#1[MKV_'_@UVO^ O]L6O_
M #ROO_ &;_XBC^V+7_GE??\ @#-_\15[(! )'/3WK-NM7%MKFG:;Y&\7HE(E

ME/#OQ!T;Q-KEWI-BMPLUNK






W_Q%']L6

\K[_P!



M 

H93D$9!K'M_$4-S-$$@D
$TLT



MW_@#-_\ $56AU[[4EZ+?3[MY[6X%N86VJ68HKYSG &UQUY]L\5:TG4AJEFT_

)2 8FC8JX;MP5//XTT:I+)8BZAT^
MXD$A ACX5W!_B()^48YYY]L\4O=[?B&O?\!W]L6O_/*^_P# &;_XBC^V+7_G
ME??^ 
W_ 
15*'Q)'/!;?Z)+%=7%S):K!*P&)(PQ;+#((^0X(SGCCKAT?B%+

\K[_P!


M .TNY0_MBU_YY7W_ ( S?_$4?VQ:_P#/*^_\ 9O_ (BK]%%X]OQ_X 6EW*']

M 
W_ 

 9O_B*

W_P 11_;%K_SR

W






Q=4TJ_2#0O(66XBLY



FJ6UOY44T




MG^L?_ -__CM.^EKK\0MY

WG@BO5

ALX(XR!QGFN_\G5_^?ZQ_\ W_ /CM'DZO_P _UC_X!O\ _'::
 
 _G4NB^'+FR/A^
M1M($

I
PJSI<5_HES-K%SI,L2'2T22*,1+ON%8XC54)SG=A223SR:Z*QTN
M^TVU6UM+JRCA7)5/LLAQDY/66K/DZO\ \_UC_P ;_\ QVAN_5?C_D)+R
SQ

JF-58%L
2O3G&.:BUK2)XX](CT^VN+E8M42ZF


5V?DZO_S_ %C_ . ;_P#QVCR=
M7_Y_K'_P#?\ ^.U5WW7XBMY

M4@;3C &!VS+I^G:H?$MCJ

M^0?)G
V.@ZTFL:K$\_DVDUI!;QS^0N'V%\C D+#AL9/)W9XQ5?3-&UVTU]M2

M?_G^L?\ P#?_ ..U+C?6Z_KY%7\B_15#R=7_ .?ZQ_\  -__ ([1Y.K_ //]
M8_\ @&__ 

M:.5=U_7R#F\B_15#R=7_ .?ZQ_\  -__ ([1Y.K_ //]8_\ @&__ 
=HY5W7

MR=7_ .?ZQ_\  -__ ([1Y.K_ //]8_\ @&__ 
=HY5W7]?(.;R+]%4/)U?\
3Y_K'_P  W_\ CM7ZEJW4:=S_V0$!
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    




    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    

 the Company's property&#13;and equipment balance increased by $7
418

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land and building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
070
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trucks and coolers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;963
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;509
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;76
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
286
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66

 computed on the basis&#13;of three to five year useful lives for all property and equipment
 and a 40-year useful life on the building
 was $246
122 for&#13;the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). For the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 depreciation expense was $125
656.&#13;Depreciation expense from continuing operations was $10
215 and $5
100 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)&#13;and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively. Depreciation expense is classified as cost of goods sold&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March&#13;31
 2015 (Predecessor). Depreciation expense from discontinued operations was $115
411 for the nine months ended December 31



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revolving note payable due bank&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
650
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable due to bank &amp;#8211; secured by building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
754
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Seller&amp;#8217;s note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
936
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
562
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
374
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78

&#13;the Company entered into several notes payable with a bank and received proceeds of $10.7 million. One note payable is for $4
800
000
&#13;bears interest at 4.04%
 and is secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s land and building. Principal and interest is payable in monthly&#13;installments of $25
495 through June 2021 at which time the unpaid principal balance is due. The other note payable is a revolving&#13;credit facility that allows borrows up to $5.9 million
 bears interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 2.25%&#13;to 3.00% depending on the current ratio of payment obligations to earnings as defined in the agreement
 and is secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets. The amount that maybe borrowed under the revolving credit facility is based on the Company&amp;#8217;s eligible receivables
&#13;inventory and fixed assets
 and is reduces by $50
000 each month beginning August 1
 2016 until the facility has been reduced down&#13;to $2
900
000. The revolving credit facility matures on June 30
 2018. As of December 31
 2016

500
000 note payable&#13;to a selling shareholder of Xing. This seller&amp;#8217;s note bears interest
 payable monthly
 at 1% per year
 beginning after December&#13;31
 2016. The loan matures on June 30

 2016
 the Company entered into&#13;a Securities Purchase Agreement with an unaffiliated third party
 whereby the Company sold a Convertible Promissory Note in an&#13;amount of $200
000. The purchaser also received a three-year Warrant to purchase 100
000 shares at an exercise price of $0.40 per&#13;share. The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the warrant based upon relative fair values. The relative&#13;fair value of the warrant was determined to be $18
153. During 2016
 the note was converted into 30

 the Company entered into two&#13;60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&amp;#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8%&#13;per annum.&amp;#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&amp;#160; The notes also included an equity&#13;payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&amp;#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds&#13;among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&amp;#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020&#13;and it was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31

 the Company borrowed $200
000&#13;used for the acquisition of B&amp;#38;R (see Note 4).&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning&#13;December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&amp;#160; Payments of interest are required quarterly.&amp;#160; Should the Company be successful&#13;in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.&amp;#160; The note was issued&#13;in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&amp;#160;&#13;The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&amp;#160; The relative fair&#13;value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160; The discount is being amortized over&#13;the life of the loans to interest expense.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2016
 no payment has been made on this note and the remaining&#13;balance of this note is $200
000 ($101
425

 2015
 a promissory note in an amount&#13;of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the acquisition of B&amp;#38;R (see Note 4).&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and&#13;it matured on June 30

 the Company borrowed $50
000&#13;under a 90-day promissory note.&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was due on July 21

466 during the nine months ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable
 net of unamortized&amp;#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital lease obligations (Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized&amp;#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78

 the Company entered into&#13;two 60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&amp;#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of&#13;8% per annum.&amp;#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&amp;#160; The notes also included an equity&#13;payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&amp;#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds&#13;among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&amp;#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020&#13;and it was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31

 the Company borrowed&#13;$200
000 used for the Acquisition (see Note 4).&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning&#13;December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&amp;#160; Payments of interest are required quarterly.&amp;#160; Should the Company be successful&#13;in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.&amp;#160; The note was issued&#13;in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&amp;#160;&#13;The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&amp;#160; The relative fair&#13;value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160; The discount will be amortized over&#13;the life of the loans to interest expense.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2015
 no payment has been made on this note and the remaining&#13;balance of this note is $200
000 ($78
931

 2015
 a promissory note&#13;in an amount of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the Acquisition (see Note 4).&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and&#13;it matured on June 30
 2015.&amp;#160; The note was fully paid off and the balance as of December 31

 the Company borrowed&#13;$50
000 under a 90-day promissory note.&amp;#160; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was due on July 21
 2015.&amp;#160; The note&#13;was fully paid off and the balance as of December 31

466 during the nine months ended December 31

 the Predecessor entered into&#13;a lease agreement for the purchase of an Alcolyzer
 a highly accurate analysis system which determines the alcohol content of its&#13;Kombucha products.&amp;#160; The lease is for 24 months and requires monthly payments of $701
 plus sales tax.&amp;#160; The Predecessor&#13;paid a down payment on the equipment lease of $4
957.&amp;#160; The lease is secured by the underlying leased asset.&amp;#160; This arrangement&#13;was accounted for as a capital lease and capitalized the asset at $23
900. As of December 31
 2014
 the outstanding balance under&#13;this capital lease was $3

 in 2015 the Company&#13;sold its assets related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations. The Sale price was paid in cash of $395

322.&amp;#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $3
218 each of which include $628 in interest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 3pt; padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 3pt; padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;an Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $125
000.&amp;#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $3
236 each of which include $632 in interest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 3pt; padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 3pt; padding-bottom: 3pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;an Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $113
320.&amp;#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $2


 the Company entered into two&#13;60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&amp;#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8%&#13;per annum.&amp;#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&amp;#160; The notes also included an equity&#13;payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&amp;#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds&#13;among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&amp;#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020&#13;and it was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party debt
 net of unamortized discounts of $30
039 and $36
331 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23

 the Company borrowed $60
000&#13;from a member of management.&amp;#160;The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning June 30
 2015 maturing&#13;on March 31
 2020. Payments of interest are required quarterly. The note was issued in conjunction with an equity payment totaling&#13;53
073 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&amp;#160;The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among&#13;the debt and the stock based upon relative fair values.&amp;#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $42
742&#13;and was recorded as a debt discount.&amp;#160;The discount is being amortized over the life of the loan to interest expense.&amp;#160;As&#13;of December 31
 2016

 the Company and two officers&#13;agreed to forgive $500
000 of the $600
000 in accrued officer compensation. This resulted in the Company recognizing a gain of&#13;$500
000 on forgiveness of accrued payroll during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor). No payments have been made&#13;on the remaining balance of $100
000
 which is recorded as an accrued liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet&#13;as of December 31

 2015 (Successor)
 the Company recorded an expense of approximately $10
800 for company-related expenses incurred on an officer&amp;#8217;s&#13;personal credit card. This amount was paid in full on October 5
 2015 from the proceeds from the sale of the brewery and micro-brewing&#13;operations. The Company had previously been making monthly installment payments of $1


000
000&#13;shares of preferred stock
 each having a par value of $0.001
 with voting
 distribution
 dividend and redemption rights

000&#13;shares as Series A Preferred stock
 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Series A Preferred&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). Each share of Series A&#13;Preferred shall have 500 votes for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Company. As of December 31
&#13;2016
 250

000&#13;shares as Series B Preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares (&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Series B Preferred&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221;). The Series B Preferred&#13;is non-voting
 not eligible for dividends and ranks equal to common stock and below Series A preferred stock. Each share of Series&#13;B Preferred has a conversion rate into eight shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 284
807 shares of Series B Preferred&#13;are issued and outstanding. During the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 the Company sold 25
000 shares of Series&#13;B Preferred for $25
000 cash. During the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of Series B&#13;Preferred upon conversion of a $200

000
000&#13;shares of common stock

 2015&#13;(Successor)
 1
479
290 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the acquisition of B&amp;#38;R (see Note 4). The Company estimated&#13;the fair market value to be $0.338 per share at the time of issuance. &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;These shares were issued&#13;with &amp;#8220;Price Protection&amp;#8221; for a period of 18 months. If the market value of the common stock issued pursuant to the Acquisition&#13;is less than $500
000
 the Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares issued in the Acquisition is&#13;equal to a market value of $500

 2015&#13;(Successor)
 204
000 shares of common stock were sold to three investors for cash proceeds of $61
200
 or $.30 per share
 under&#13;a private placement offering. The offering provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase 50% of the number of shares subscribed&#13;for
 at a price of $.50 per share
 expiring one year from the investment. A total of 102
000 warrants were issued and expire between&#13;April 13 and June 10

 2015&#13;(Successor)
 707

000 shares were issued to employees for services rendered. The Company determined the fair market value (FMV) to be $0.44 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $22
880.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
714 shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee would be granted shares valued at $30
000. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.35 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $30
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64
427 shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee would be granted shares equal to $6
500 at the end of each quarter effective with the three months ending March 31
 2015. The Company determined the per share FMV to be $0.35 as of March 31
 $0.46 as of June 30
 $0.42 as of September 30 and $.40 as of December 31. Accordingly
 the employee received 18
571
 14
130
 15
476 and 16
250 shares of common stock
 respectively
 and the Company recorded an expense of $26
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
000 shares were issued to Stonefield Fund for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.44 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $2
200.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000 shares were issued to LP Funding
 LLC for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.46 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $230

 2016
 the&#13;Company issued 50
000 shares of fully vested common stock to a consultant as partial consideration for professional services to&#13;be rendered. The shares were fair valued at $0.41 per share
 which was the traded stock price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&#13;at the time of grant. The Company (Successor) recognized legal and professional fees of $20
500 related to this grant. The Company&#13;also issued 42

&#13;the Company issued a total of 5
600

 2016
 the Company&amp;#8217;s approved&#13;and implemented the New Age Beverages Corporation 2016-2017 Long Term Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which&#13;the maximum number of shares that can be granted is 1
600
000 shares. Grants under the Plan may include options and restricted&#13;stock
 as well as many other equity-type awards. The purpose of the Plan is to attract able persons to enter the employ or to&#13;serve as directors or as consultants of the Company and its affiliates. A further purpose of the Plan is to provide such individuals&#13;with additional incentive and reward opportunities designed to enhance the profitable growth of the Company and its affiliates.&#13;The shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the Plan will not be registered under the Securities Act. As of&#13;December 31
 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    


    


    
    

    

 tea&#13;ingredients
 bulk packaging and finished goods. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw&#13;materials and direct labor. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial&#13;but adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
&#13;first-out basis
 or market. When acquiring Xing
 the Company&amp;#8217;s inventory balance increased by $4
847

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;458
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
962
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
420
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;196



 2015)
 our operating results are referred to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition of the B&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174;&#13;Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results are referred to as Predecessor. Where applicable


 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&amp;#8217;s&#13;estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a&#13;receivable have failed. The Company&amp;#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $46
350 as of December 31
 2016 and zero as of&#13;December 31

 2015
&#13;the Company entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated third-party financial&#13;institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 the Company receives an advance of 80% of qualified receivables and maximum&#13;amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500
000. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
&#13;we received net advances from the factoring of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest and fees of $34
069.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s factoring fees associated with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross face value of the&#13;receivable for every ten-day period or fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is paid in full. On&#13;July 1
 2016
 the Company cancelled its factoring contract. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has no factoring payable liability&#13;as compared to $110
663 as of December 31


 on the basis of&#13;qualitative factors
 it is considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying&#13;amount
 further testing of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise

 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount is determined to be greater&#13;than the fair value
 the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. The second step involves calculating&#13;the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 of the&#13;reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in this&#13;step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value of&#13;the goodwill
 an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined&#13;there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31

 which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from the asset are&#13;expected to be generated. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015; respectively
 accumulated amortization was $340
126 and $62
500
 respectively.&#13;Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and nine months ended December&#13;31
 2015 (Successor)
 respectively. There was no amortization expense for customer relationships for the three months ended March&#13;31


 Property
&#13;Plant
 and Equipment. The Company tests for impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Through December 31
 2016


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nine months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Three months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;CASH PAID DURING THE PERIODS FOR:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;189
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Debt issued for acquisition of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued for acquisition of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued with convertible debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
995
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debt and accrued interest converted into shares of Series B Preferred stock&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;225


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revolving note payable due bank&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
650
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable due to bank &amp;#8211; secured by building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
754
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Seller&amp;#8217;s note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
936
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
562
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
374
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of common stock warrants activity&#13;for the nine months ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
025
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of common stock warrants activity&#13;for the periods ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
025
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(42
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
085
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100


 2015 (Successor)
 and the three months ended March&#13;31
 2015 (Predecessor)

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;510
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less:&amp;#160; Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;366
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;126

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    



    


    


    

    



    
    

    


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options outstanding March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercisable March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;468

 2015 and December 31
&#13;2014
 the range of exercise prices of the outstanding options was $0.05 to $.25 per share.&amp;#160; Of the total options outstanding
&#13;375
042 options were granted at $0.05 per share and are fully vested as of December 31
 2014 and 500
000 options were granted at&#13;$.25 per share with a vesting rate of 6.25% per quarter from July 14


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60

 2014
 the&#13;Predecessor issued an aggregate of 60

 2015
 the Company had warrants&#13;to purchase 1
127
000 shares of common stock outstanding
 with exercise prices between $0.50 and $1.00 and expiration dates between&#13;September 2016 and October 2019.&amp;#160; A summary of common stock warrants activity for the nine months ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
025
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127

 2016
 the Company had a&#13;warrant to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock outstanding with an exercise of $0.40 per share. The warrant expires in March&#13;2019. A summary of common stock warrants activity for the periods ended December 31

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
025
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
127
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(42
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
085
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100

 2016
&#13;the Company issued a three-year warrant to purchase 100
000 shares at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in connection with&#13;a $200
000 Convertible Promissory Note (see Note 8)&amp;#160;which was exercised during the year. During 2016
 warrants totaling 42
000&#13;shares of common stock were exercised at $0.50 per share.&amp;#160;The Company received $21
000 when the warrant shares were exercised.&amp;#160;Warrants&#13;that were outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and not exercised
 were forfeited on June 30

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


 2010 under the name American&#13;Brewing Company
 Inc. On April 1
 2015
 the Company acquired the assets of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure (see Note 4)
 which included&#13;the brand Bucha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha. On June 30
 2016
 the Company acquired the combined assets of New Age Beverages
 LLC
 Aspen&#13;Pure
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC and Xing Beverage
 LLC (see Note 3) and changed the company&amp;#8217;s name to New Age Beverages&#13;Corporation. The Company manufactures
 markets and sells a portfolio of healthy functional beverages including XingTea&amp;#174;
 an&#13;all-natural
 non-GMO
 non-HFCS premium Ready to Drink (RTD) Tea; Aspen Pure&amp;#174;
 an artesian-well
 naturally-high PH balanced
&#13;source water from the Colorado Rocky Mountains; XingEnergy&amp;#174;
 an all-natural
 vitamin-enriched
 non-GMO
 Non-HFCS Energy Drink;&#13;and B&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha
 an organic
 all natural
 fermented kombucha tea. The portfolio is distributed through the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;own Direct Store Distribution (DSD) network in Colorado and surrounding states
 throughout the United States both direct to major&#13;retailers and through its network of DSD partners
 and in 10 countries around the world. The brands are sold in all channels of&#13;distribution including Hypermarkets
 Supermarkets
 Pharmacies
 Convenience

 2015&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;)
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;APA&amp;#8221;) whereby the Company&#13;sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations to AMBREW
 LLC
 a Washington limited&#13;liability company (&amp;#8220;AMBREW&amp;#8221;). On the closing date
 the parties executed all documents related to the transaction. Under&#13;the terms of the APA
 the assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets and property and equipment.&#13;The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts held by the Company
 liabilities related to inventory as well as lease obligations.&#13;The Company recognized the sale of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued operation
 in accordance with Accounting&#13;Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2014-08

 2015
 the Company is focusing&#13;exclusively on its b&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha business
 which produces a gluten-free


 2015)
 our operating results are referred to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition of the B&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174;&#13;Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results are referred to as Predecessor. Where applicable

 2015 (Successor) incorporate certain reclassifications necessary to remove our prior micro-brewing&#13;operations and brewery from our continuing operations and report them as discontinued operations. Further

 inventory valuation
 provision for excess or expired inventory
 depreciation of property and equipment


 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&amp;#8217;s&#13;estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a&#13;receivable have failed. The Company&amp;#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $46
350 as of December 31
 2016 and zero as of&#13;December 31

 2015
&#13;the Company entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated third-party financial&#13;institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 the Company receives an advance of 80% of qualified receivables and maximum&#13;amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500
000. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
&#13;we received net advances from the factoring of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest and fees of $34
069.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s factoring fees associated with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross face value of the&#13;receivable for every ten-day period or fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is paid in full. On July&#13;1
 2016
 the Company cancelled its factoring contract. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has no factoring payable liability&#13;as compared to $110
663 as of December 31

 2016
 three&#13;customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December 31
 2016
 three customers represented&#13;approximately 29.4% (12.3%

 2015
 three customers represented&#13;approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three&#13;customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
&#13;three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%

 stock&#13;warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to&#13;be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 815-40
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Instruments and Hedging: Contracts in Entity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#160; The result of this accounting treatment&#13;could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each&#13;balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.&amp;#160; In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in&#13;fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense.&amp;#160; Upon conversion or exercise of a&#13;derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to&#13;equity.&amp;#160; Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC Topic&#13;815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date.&amp;#160; The Company&#13;determined that none of its financial instruments meet the criteria for derivative accounting as of December 31
 2016 and December&#13;31

 if any related equity instruments were granted with the debt.&#13;In accordance with this guidance

&#13;which principally include cash
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses

 establishes a framework&#13;for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined under ASC&#13;820 as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal&#13;or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement&#13;date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the&#13;use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair-value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two&#13;are considered observable and the last unobservable

 either directly or indirectly

 on the basis of&#13;qualitative factors
 it is considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying&#13;amount
 further testing of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise

 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount is determined to be greater&#13;than the fair value
 the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. The second step involves calculating&#13;the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 of the&#13;reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in this&#13;step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value of&#13;the goodwill
 an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined&#13;there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31

 which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from the asset are expected&#13;to be generated. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015; respectively
 accumulated amortization was $340
126 and $62
500
 respectively.&#13;Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and nine months ended December 31
&#13;2015 (Successor)
 respectively. There was no amortization expense for customer relationships for the three months ended March 31

 Property
&#13;Plant
 and Equipment. The Company tests for impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations whenever events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Through December 31
 2016

 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as&#13;expense over the requisite employee service period.&amp;#160; The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees&#13;in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50.&amp;#160; Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment&#13;date or upon completion of the services

 packaging&#13;and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value.&amp;#160; Provisions for excess&#13;inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses on its raw&#13;materials.&amp;#160; There was no reserve for obsolescence as of December 31
 2016 and December 31


 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (b) delivery&#13;has occurred or services have been rendered
 (c) the fee is fixed or determinable

 which include&#13;customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the beverage industry.&amp;#160; The Company&#13;incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.&amp;#160; Amounts paid in connection&#13;with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&#13;in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8212;Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;

 packaging costs


 promotional and selling expenses&#13;consisted of sales salaries
 tap handles
 media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses

 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses

 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;

 new interpretations of existing laws
 and&#13;rulings by taxing authorities. Differences between actual results and our assumptions
 or changes in our assumptions in future&#13;periods
 are recorded in the period they become known. For tax liabilities
 the Company recognizes accrued interest related to&#13;uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense
 and penalties
 if incurred


 whichever is more dilutive.&amp;#160; As the Company incurred net losses for the periods ended December 31
 2016&#13;and 2015 (Successor) and March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 no potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation of diluted&#13;earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.&amp;#160; Therefore
 basic and dilutive net income (loss) per share&#13;were the same.&amp;#160; If the Company had net income
 potential dilutive securities consist of warrants to purchase 100
000 and 1
127
000&#13;shares of common stock as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&lt;/i&gt; as a new Topic
 ASC Topic 606.&amp;#160;The new&#13;revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.&amp;#160;The&#13;core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in&#13;an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In&#13;August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred&#13;the effective date of the new revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15
 2016 to December 15
 2017
 with early adoption&#13;permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. This ASU must be applied retrospectively to each period presented or&#13;as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.&amp;#160;The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this&#13;ASU and is conducting its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.&#13;After completing its review
 the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon the Company results&#13;of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Leases.&lt;/i&gt; This ASU establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability&#13;on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
&#13;with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach&#13;is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative&#13;period presented in the financial statements

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU is related to the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments with contingent&#13;call or put options. This ASU clarifies that an exercise contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates&#13;only to interest rates or credit risk. Instead
 the contingent put or call option should be evaluated for possible bifurcation&#13;as a derivative in accordance with the four-step decision sequence detailed in FASB ASC 815-15
 without regard to the nature of&#13;the exercise contingency. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning&#13;after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606). This ASU is related to reporting revenue gross versus net
 or principal&#13;versus agent considerations. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&#13;as it pertains to principal versus agent considerations. Specifically
 the guidance addresses how entities should identify goods&#13;and services being provided to a customer
 the unit of account for a principal versus agent assessment
 how to evaluate whether&#13;a good or service is controlled before being transferred to a customer
 and how to assess whether an entity controls services performed&#13;by another party. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect and methodology&#13;of adopting this new accounting guidance upon the results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. The Company has begun&#13;to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU
 and has started its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio&#13;of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption. The Company will also continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance&#13;upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation-Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718). This ASU is related to simplifications of employee share-based payment accounting.&#13;This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded in the&#13;income statement when awards are settled. The pronouncement also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification
&#13;accounting for forfeitures and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. This ASU is meant&#13;to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Specifically
 the guidance addresses an&#13;entity&amp;#8217;s identification of its performance obligations in a contract
 as well as an entity&amp;#8217;s evaluation of the nature&#13;of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized over time or at a point&#13;in time. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of&#13;this ASU and will continue to review the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.&#13;The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards&#13;Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 EITF Meeting. This ASU rescinds SEC paragraphs&#13;pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically
 registrants&#13;should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for&#13;Freight Services in Process
 which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2; (2) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs
&#13;which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; (3) Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller&#13;of the Vendor&amp;#8217;s Products)
 which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1; and (4) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements&#13;(i.e.
 use of the &amp;#8220;entitlements method&amp;#8221;)
 which is codified in paragraph 932-10-S99-5. This ASU becomes effective upon&#13;adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after&#13;December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. This ASU does not change the&#13;core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead
 the amendments provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and add&#13;some practical expedients to the guidance. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective&#13;for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. The Company is considering&#13;the alternatives of adoption of this ASU. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments - Credit Losses&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments&#13;in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit&#13;losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.&#13;This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended&#13;to reduce diversity in practice in how transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal&#13;years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued 2017-04
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amendments in this ASU&#13;simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminating the requirement&#13;for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Instead
 under this pronouncement
&#13;an entity would perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with&#13;its carrying amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting&#13;unit. In addition
 income tax effects will be considered
 if applicable. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15


 which contemplates
 among other things
 the realization&#13;of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Since inception
 the Company has financed its operations&#13;primarily through equity and debt financings.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $6
964
957&#13;and for the year then ended incurred operating losses of $3
633
079 (all of which was attributed to the losses of B&amp;#250;cha
 Inc.
&#13;and one-time expenses associated with the integration and up-listing onto the NASDAQ exchange and acquisition of Xing.) For the&#13;year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company generated cash from operating activities of $975

&#13;the Company believes that its current operations combined with its current cash at December 31
 2016 will be sufficient to meet&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s operating liquidity


 the Company extended the&#13;facilities lease for 39 months effective March 1
 2016 and expiring May 31
 2019. The monthly base rent is $2
795 for first 12&#13;months
 $2
879 for next 12 months
 $2
965 for next 12 months
 and $3
054 for the balance of the term. Monthly rent payments also&#13;include common area maintenance charges
 taxes
 and other charges. On June 30
 2016 the Company assumed the lease commitments for&#13;the New Age Beverage
 LLC (NAB) and Xing Beverage
 LLC (Xing) when they acquired those companies. The Colorado Springs property
&#13;previously leased by Xing
 has a base rent of $14
000 per month plus common area expenses

349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;192
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;816

812 for the year ended&#13;December 31
 2016.Rent expense was $37
900 and $8
250 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months&#13;ended March 31

 the Company&#13;may be involved in legal proceedings
 claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject&#13;to many uncertainties
 and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are no such matters that are deemed material to&#13;the consolidated financial statements as of December 31


 2015 (the &amp;#8220;Closing&#13;Date&amp;#8221;)
 the Company entered into an agreement whereby it sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and&#13;micro-brewing operations to AMBREW (the &amp;#8220;Sale&amp;#8221;.)&amp;#160; On the Closing Date
 the parties executed all documents related&#13;to the Sale.&amp;#160; Under the terms of the agreement
 the assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets&#13;and property and equipment.&amp;#160; The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts held by the Company
 liabilities related&#13;to inventory as well as lease obligations.&amp;#160; The Sale price was paid in cash of $395

 in accordance with ASU 2014-08

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets of discontinued operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;869
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
041
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities of discontinued operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current portion of notes payable and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent portion of notes payable and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;229
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net assets sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;652
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash received&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;395
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on sale of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;256

 2015 (Successor)
 and the three months ended March&#13;31
 2015 (Predecessor)

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;510
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less:&amp;#160; Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;366
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross Profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;126



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
889
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
403
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series B preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrant to acquire common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
889
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
403


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;458
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
962
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;143
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
420
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;196


 the Company's property&#13;and equipment balance increased by $7
418

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land and building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
070
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trucks and coolers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;963
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;509
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;76
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(10
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
286
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party debt
 net of unamortized discounts of $30
039 and $36
331 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23


349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;215
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;192
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;816


500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Seller&amp;#8217;s note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
995
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
995

627
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
847
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;492
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
418
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other intangible assets acquired (customer lists)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
628
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(7
526
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
488
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
506
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
995


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
364
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
449
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss from continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(865
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(407
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(130
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(865
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(537
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) per share &amp;#8211; Basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average number of common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Basic and Dilutive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
900
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
789



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
889
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
403
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Series B preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrant to acquire common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 11.05pt; text-indent: -11.05pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
889
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
403

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


 2016
&#13;the Company acquired the assets of New Age Beverage
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC
 Aspen Pure
 LLC
 and Xing Beverage
 LLC (collectively
&#13;Xing). Xing is engaged in the manufacturing and sale of various teas and beverages
 which will help the Company expand its capabilities&#13;and product offering. The operating results of Xing have been consolidated with those of the Company beginning July 1
 2016. Total&#13;purchase consideration paid was $19
995
000
 which consisted of $8
500
000 of cash
 a note payable for $4
500
000 and 4
353
915&#13;shares of common stock. The common stock issued was valued at $1.61 per share

500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Seller&amp;#8217;s note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
995
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
995

627
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
847
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;492
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
418
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other intangible assets acquired (customer lists)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
628
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(7
526
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
488
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
506
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
995

 2016
 and as such
 the Company assessed the fair value of the various net assets acquired. The Company&#13;identified other intangible assets
 such as customer lists that were recognized apart from goodwill

506

 LLC
 the Company incurred transactional costs totaling $1
714
463
 which has been recognized&#13;as expense as of December 31
 2016 (Successor). Of these costs
 $1
326
108 was included in legal and professional fee expense and&#13;$388
355 was included in general and administrative expenses. Legal and professional fee expense includes the Company issuing a&#13;total of 167
994 shares of common stock to several consultants for transactional services provided. The shares were fair valued&#13;at $1.61 per share. The balance represents legal and professional fees incurred that have or are going to be paid in cash. The&#13;general and administrative expense of $388
355 was pursuant to an employment agreement entered into during the first quarter of&#13;2016
 whereby an officer earned 1
078
763 shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Xing acquisition. These shares were&#13;fair valued at $0.36 per share
 which is the Company&amp;#8217;s traded stock price when entering into the employment agreement.&lt;br clear=all /&gt;&#13;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following pro forma financial results reflects&#13;the historical operating results of the Company
 including the Predecessor for the three months ended March 31
 2015
 and those&#13;of Xing
 as if Xing was acquired on January 1
 2015. The pro forma financial information includes an adjustment to remove $1
714
463&#13;of one-time transactional costs that were expensed during the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). These one-time costs were&#13;removed for pro forma purposes as the costs were non-recurring. A pro-forma adjustment was also made to increase amortization expense&#13;for $194
293 to reflect a full year&amp;#8217;s worth of amortization related to other intangibles (customer lists). No adjustments&#13;have been made for synergies that may result from the acquisition. These combined results are not necessarily indicative of the&#13;results that may have been achieved had the companies been combined as of such dates or periods

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
364
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
449
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss from continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(865
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(407
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(130
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(865
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(537
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (loss) per share &amp;#8211; Basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average number of common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; Basic and Dilutive&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
900
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
789

 which are subject to change



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    

    








    

    


    

    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    


    

    



    

    


 2015
 the Company acquired&#13;substantially all of the operating assets of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC
 a California Limited Liability Company (&amp;#8220;B&amp;#38;R&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&#13;B&amp;#38;R is engaged in the manufacture of b&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha
 a gluten free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha tea.&amp;#160;&#13;On April 1
 2015
 the parties executed all documents related to the acquisition.&amp;#160; Upon the closing of the acquisition
 the&#13;Company received substantially all of the operating assets of B&amp;#38;R
 consisting of inventory

 a fermented
 probiotic tea&#13;beverage
 offers a myriad of health benefits.&amp;#160; With the acquisition of the b&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha brand
 which features&#13;eight flavors

000
 a secured promissory note in an amount of $140
000 and the issuance 1
479
290&#13;shares of common stock valued at $500
000.&amp;#160;In addition
 the Company assumed $121

479
290 shares of common stock&#13;were issued with &amp;#8220;price protection&amp;#8221; for a period of 18 months
 meaning that on the date that is 18 months from the&#13;date of the acquisition
 if the market value of the common stock issued pursuant to the acquisition is less than $500
000
 the&#13;Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares held by B&amp;#38;R is equal to a market value of $500
000&#13;based on the average closing bid price of the common stock for the five days prior thereto.&amp;#160; The Company determined the fair&#13;value of the 1
479
290 shares issued as of October 1
 2016 to be higher than $500
000


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;900

802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assumption of scheduled liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(121
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;510
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389



 to the extent that it&#13;is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized

 2016
 the Company has&#13;a valuation allowance against 100% of the deferred tax assets
 which is primarily composed of net operating loss (or &lt;i&gt;NOL&lt;/i&gt;)&#13;carryforwards. Even though the Company has reserved all of these net deferred tax assets for book purposes
 the Company would still&#13;be able to utilize them to reduce future income taxes payable should the Company have future taxable earnings. To the extent the&#13;deferred tax assets relate to NOL carryforwards
 the ability to use such NOLs against future earnings will be subject to applicable&#13;carryforward periods. As of December&amp;#160;31
 2016
 the Company had NOL carryforwards for both Federal and state tax purposes of&#13;approximately $5.8&amp;#160;million

 2016 and&#13;2015

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
139
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;728
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible amortization difference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
173
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(746



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
878
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(340
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(62
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
538
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;187

 the Company&amp;#8217;s customer relationship balance increased by $4
628
800. Amortization&#13;expense is computed on a straight-line basis of three years for B&amp;#38;R&amp;#8217;s customer relationships and 15 years for Xing&amp;#8217;s&#13;customer relationships
 which was determined to be the useful life.&amp;#160; Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the&#13;year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor). Amortization expense was&#13;zero for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor).&amp;#160; Amortization expense is classified as cost of goods sold in&#13;the consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March&#13;31

 2016

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;329
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
891
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
538


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nine months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Three months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;CASH PAID DURING THE PERIODS FOR:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;189
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Debt issued for acquisition of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued for acquisition of B&amp;#38;R Liquid Adventure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Warrants issued with convertible debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
995
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debt and accrued interest converted into shares of Series B Preferred stock&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;225



 2017
 the Company issued a press release announcing that it closed its underwritten public offering of 4
285
714&#13;shares of common stock at an offering price of $3.50 per share. In addition
 the Company&amp;#8217;s underwriter exercised the over-allotment&#13;to purchase an additional 642
857 shares of common stock. Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $17
250
000 before&#13;deducting underwriting discounts and commissions

 2017
 the Company
 entered into&#13;an Asset Purchase Agreement whereby the Company acquired substantially all of the operating assets of Maverick Brands
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Maverick&amp;#8221;)
&#13;which is a company engaged in the business of delivering organic
 non-GMO certified
 no-sugar-added coconut water. Upon closing
&#13;the Company received substantially all of the operating assets of Maverick
 consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed&#13;assets and intellectual property in exchange for a purchase price of 2
200
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 plus&#13;cash in an amount of $2
000
000. The Company also agreed to assume approximately $1
500
000 in debt consisting of various secured&#13;subordinated promissory notes
 which will be secured with the inventory and receivables of the Company. The shares of Common Stock&#13;to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted under Rule 144
 and will be subject to a leak out provision
 which&#13;provides that beginning six months after the Closing Date
 and on the last day of each calendar month thereafter

 2017
&amp;#160;the Company
 entered&#13;into an Asset Purchase Agreement&amp;#160;whereby the Company agreed to acquire substantially all of the operating assets of Marley&#13;Beverage Company
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Marley&amp;#8221;)
 which is a company engaged in the development
 manufacturing
 selling and marketing&#13;of nonalcoholic relaxation teas and sparkling waters
 and ready to drink coffee drinks (the &amp;#8220;Acquisition&amp;#8221;). On March&#13;23
 2017
 the parties executed the Asset Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition
 with the Closing to take place on or about June&#13;30

 the Company will receive substantially&#13;all of the operating assets of Marley
 consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed assets and intellectual property in&#13;exchange for a purchase price of 2
850
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 plus cash in an amount equal to 150
000&#13;times the average of the closing price of our common stock on the ten trading days immediately preceding the closing date
 as&#13;well as an earn out payment of $1
250
000 in cash if the gross revenues of the Marley business during any trailing twelve calendar&#13;month period after the Closing Date are equal to or greater than $15
000
000. The earnout
 if applicable
 will be paid as $625
000&#13;on or before the 15&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt; day after the end of the first trailing twelve calendar month period in which the earnout condition&#13;is satisfied
 $312
500 not later than the first anniversary of the initial earnout payment
 and $312
500 not later than the second&#13;anniversary of the initial earnout payment. The shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted&#13;under Rule 144
 but Marley will have piggyback registration rights
 as well as demand registration rights


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;900


802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assumption of scheduled liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(121
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;510
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
878
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-right: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(340
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(62
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
538
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-right: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;187


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets of discontinued operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;85
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;869
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total assets of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
041
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities of discontinued operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current portion of notes payable and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Noncurrent portion of notes payable and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;229
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net assets sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;652
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash received&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;395
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on sale of discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;256

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 2015 (Successor) incorporate certain reclassifications necessary to remove our prior micro-brewing&#13;operations and brewery from our continuing operations and report them as discontinued operations. Further




 2016
 three&#13;customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December 31
 2016
 three customers represented&#13;approximately 29.4% (12.3%

 2015
 three customers represented&#13;approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
&#13;three customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015&#13;(Predecessor)
 three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%


 stock&#13;warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to&#13;be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 815-40
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Instruments and Hedging: Contracts in Entity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#160; The result of this accounting treatment&#13;could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each&#13;balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.&amp;#160; In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change&#13;in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense.&amp;#160; Upon conversion or exercise of&#13;a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified&#13;to equity.&amp;#160; Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC&#13;Topic 815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date.&amp;#160; The&#13;Company determined that none of its financial instruments meet the criteria for derivative accounting as of December 31
 2016&#13;and December 31


 if any related equity instruments were granted with the debt.&#13;In accordance with this guidance


&#13;which principally include cash
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses

 establishes a framework&#13;for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined under ASC&#13;820 as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal&#13;or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement&#13;date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the&#13;use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair-value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two&#13;are considered observable and the last unobservable

 either directly or indirectly


 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as&#13;expense over the requisite employee service period.&amp;#160; The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees&#13;in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50.&amp;#160; Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment&#13;date or upon completion of the services


 packaging&#13;and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value.&amp;#160; Provisions for excess&#13;inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses on its raw&#13;materials.&amp;#160; There was no reserve for obsolescence as of December 31
 2016 and December 31




 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (b) delivery&#13;has occurred or services have been rendered
 (c) the fee is fixed or determinable


 which include&#13;customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the beverage industry.&amp;#160; The Company&#13;incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.&amp;#160; Amounts paid in connection&#13;with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses&#13;in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&amp;#8212;Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;


 packaging costs



 promotional and selling expenses&#13;consisted of sales salaries
 tap handles
 media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses


 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses


 &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;

 new interpretations of existing laws
 and&#13;rulings by taxing authorities. Differences between actual results and our assumptions
 or changes in our assumptions in future&#13;periods
 are recorded in the period they become known. For tax liabilities
 the Company recognizes accrued interest related to&#13;uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense
 and penalties
 if incurred



 whichever is more dilutive.&amp;#160; As the Company incurred net losses for the periods ended December 31
&#13;2016 and 2015 (Successor) and March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 no potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation&#13;of diluted earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.&amp;#160; Therefore
 basic and dilutive net income (loss)&#13;per share were the same.&amp;#160; If the Company had net income
 potential dilutive securities consist of warrants to purchase 100
000&#13;and 1
127
000 shares of common stock as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015


 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&lt;/i&gt; as a new Topic
 ASC Topic 606.&amp;#160;The new&#13;revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.&amp;#160;The&#13;core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in&#13;an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In&#13;August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred&#13;the effective date of the new revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15
 2016 to December 15
 2017
 with early adoption&#13;permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. This ASU must be applied retrospectively to each period presented or&#13;as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.&amp;#160;The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this&#13;ASU and is conducting its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.&#13;After completing its review
 the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon the Company results&#13;of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Leases.&lt;/i&gt; This ASU establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability&#13;on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
&#13;with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach&#13;is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative&#13;period presented in the financial statements

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)&lt;/i&gt;. This ASU is related to the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments with contingent&#13;call or put options. This ASU clarifies that an exercise contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates&#13;only to interest rates or credit risk. Instead
 the contingent put or call option should be evaluated for possible bifurcation&#13;as a derivative in accordance with the four-step decision sequence detailed in FASB ASC 815-15
 without regard to the nature of&#13;the exercise contingency. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning&#13;after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606). This ASU is related to reporting revenue gross versus net
 or principal&#13;versus agent considerations. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
&#13;as it pertains to principal versus agent considerations. Specifically
 the guidance addresses how entities should identify goods&#13;and services being provided to a customer
 the unit of account for a principal versus agent assessment
 how to evaluate whether&#13;a good or service is controlled before being transferred to a customer
 and how to assess whether an entity controls services performed&#13;by another party. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect and methodology&#13;of adopting this new accounting guidance upon the results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. The Company has begun&#13;to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU
 and has started its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio&#13;of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption. The Company will also continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance&#13;upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation-Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718). This ASU is related to simplifications of employee share-based payment accounting.&#13;This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded in the&#13;income statement when awards are settled. The pronouncement also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification
&#13;accounting for forfeitures and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. This ASU is meant&#13;to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09
&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Specifically
 the guidance addresses an&#13;entity&amp;#8217;s identification of its performance obligations in a contract
 as well as an entity&amp;#8217;s evaluation of the nature&#13;of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized over time or at a point&#13;in time. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of&#13;this ASU and will continue to review the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.&#13;The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards&#13;Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 EITF Meeting. This ASU rescinds SEC paragraphs&#13;pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically
 registrants&#13;should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for&#13;Freight Services in Process
 which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2; (2) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs
&#13;which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; (3) Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller&#13;of the Vendor&amp;#8217;s Products)
 which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1; and (4) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements&#13;(i.e.
 use of the &amp;#8220;entitlements method&amp;#8221;)
 which is codified in paragraph 932-10-S99-5. This ASU becomes effective upon&#13;adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after&#13;December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients. This ASU does not change the&#13;core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead
 the amendments provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and add&#13;some practical expedients to the guidance. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective&#13;for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently&#13;evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. The Company is considering&#13;the alternatives of adoption of this ASU. Currently

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments - Credit Losses&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments&#13;in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit&#13;losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.&#13;This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended&#13;to reduce diversity in practice in how transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal&#13;years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued 2017-04
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amendments in this ASU&#13;simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminating the requirement&#13;for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Instead
 under this pronouncement
&#13;an entity would perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with&#13;its carrying amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting&#13;unit. In addition
 income tax effects will be considered
 if applicable. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15


 2016

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;329
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;308
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
891
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
538

    
    
    
    

    


    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 warrants were issued and expire between April 13 and June 10

    

    
    

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%; padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
139
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;728
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible amortization difference&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
173
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(746



    
    
    
    
    
    



 &lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#160; Prior to October 1
 2015
 the Company&amp;#8217;s brewery operations were&#13;classified into two operating segments; &amp;#8220;retail
&amp;#8221; to retail customers through the Company&amp;#8217;s tasting room located&#13;in the greater Seattle
 Washington area
 and &amp;#8220;wholesale
&amp;#8221; to distributors under various distributor agreements. Although&#13;both segments are involved in the sale and distribution of beer
 they serve different customers and are managed separately
 requiring&#13;specialized expertise.&amp;#160;As discussed in Note 13
 on October 1
 2015

 effective April 1
&#13;2015
 the Company also manufactures and sells b&amp;#250;cha&amp;#174; Live Kombucha
 a gluten free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha&#13;tea.&amp;#160; The kombucha tea brand serves different customers and is managed separately
 requiring specialized expertise.&amp;#160;&#13;Prior to October 1
 2015
 the Company also reported its kombucha tea business as an operating segment. However
 with the sale&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s brewery and micro-brewing operations
 the Company now operates in one segment. &amp;#160; Accordingly
 no further&#13;segment reporting is required as of December 31

    

 with the sale of the Company's brewery and micro-brewing operations
 the Company now operates in one segment.   Accordingly
 no further segment reporting is required as of December 31

    

 inventory valuation
 provision for excess or expired inventory
 depreciation of property and equipment

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable
 net of unamortized&amp;#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital lease obligations (Predecessor)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-left: black 1.5pt solid; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion
 net of unamortized&amp;#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;78



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options outstanding March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;875
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercisable March 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;468






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      






      


      


      






      


      


      










      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 21
900
106 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016
 and 15
435
651 shares issued and outstanding at December 31







      


      


      


      






































      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      






      

      

      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      










      


      










      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      



 accrued expenses



      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      






      




      


      






      



 maturity date



      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      






      


      






 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015


      




      


 net of unamortized discounts of $121



      


      


      


 net of unamortized discounts of $121


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      



 net of unamortized discount of $31
047 and $36



      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      







      






      

      

      

      





      


      


      




      


      


      


      


      


      






      











      


      







































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      





      


      

      

      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      




      


      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Exercisable
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Exercisable



      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      





      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      


 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Share





      

      

      


      

      

      


 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Discontinuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Share


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      


 Gross
 Commercial





      

      

      

      

      

      




      


 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      


 Plant


      




      




      

      

      

      

      




      


 Plant and Equipment









 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      

      





 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments






 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


      


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


      


 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Inventory



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Prepaid and Other Assets



 Not Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation


      



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 24
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016








































  2016



































































916
173



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



700
895
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











088


856



Accounts receivable
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts

729
356


619





420
632


220





846


264





005
922


959



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

286
201


336





895
241


014



Customer relationships
 net of accumulated amortization

538
674


500





726
038


168
809










Accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities

880
569


434







663





562
179







442
748


097



Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts and current portion

374
675


931



Related party debt
 net of unamortized discount

961


669





847
384


697

















Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 21
900
106 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016
 and 15
435
651 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015

900


436





821
176


811
049





964
958)


331
878)





878
654


112





726
038


168
809

















Preferred stock
 value




















Preferred stock
 value










Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount before allowance of commercial loans
 including
 but not limited to
 letters of credit
 bankers' acceptances
 receivables factoring
 open account financing
 for international trade activities. Includes deferred interest and fees
 undisbursed portion of loan balance
 unamortized costs and premiums and discounts from face amounts. Excludes loans covered under loss sharing agreements.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.



























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Common Stock
 par value






Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 shares issued

900
106


435
651



Common Stock
 shares outstanding

900
106


435
651



Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000
000












Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

000


000










Preferred Stock
 par value






Preferred Stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred Stock
 shares issued

807


807



Preferred Stock
 shares outstanding

807


807

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016

















355


















633
079












REVENUES
 net



844
889


301
806







606
141


505
580







748


796
226












Advertising
 promotion and selling



109


584
104







065
954


367
606







000)









390


471
273







000
453


422
983







705)


626
757)
















988)


080)









758







987)


322)







692)


633
079)







773)









154









031
311)


633
079)
















































REVENUES
 net

863









235









628
















Advertising
 promotion and selling

516









469


















371









356









728)


















294)


















294)









022)



























022)











Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.



















































































































Per basic and diluted share amount
 after tax
 of the gain (loss) on the disposal of discontinued operations
 when the per share amount is the same.





















































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































The amount of expense provided in the period for legal costs incurred on or before the balance sheet date pertaining to resolved
 pending or threatened litigation
 including arbitration and mediation proceedings.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.
























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance Beginning (Predecessor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2014

000)


327
628




328


863
782)


826)



Balance Beginning
 Shares (Predecessor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2014

366
042


205
558





















022)


022)



Ending Balance (Predecessor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

000)


327
628




328


935
804)


848)



Ending Balance (Successor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

046






916
184


300
567)


143



Ending Balance
 Shares (Predecessor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

366
042


205
558











Ending Balance
 Shares (Successor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

045
220


000


807









Balance Beginning (Predecessor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2014

000)


327
628




328


863
782)


826)



Balance Beginning
 Shares (Predecessor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2014

366
042


205
558











Ending Balance (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2015

436






811
049


331
878)


112



Ending Balance
 Shares (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2015

435
651


000


807









Balance Beginning (Predecessor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

000)


327
628




328


935
804)


848)



Balance Beginning (Successor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

046






916
184


300
567)


143



Balance Beginning
 Shares (Predecessor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

366
042


205
558











Balance Beginning
 Shares (Successor [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2015

045
220


000


807











479






521




000



Common stock issued in B&amp;R acquisition
 shares | Successor [Member]

479
290





















996




200



Common stock issued for cash
 shares | Successor [Member]

000





















975




000



Series B Preferred stock issued for cash
 shares | Successor [Member]





000

















373




080



Common stock issued for services
 shares | Successor [Member]

141























031
311)


031
311)



Ending Balance (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2015

436






811
049


331
878)


112



Ending Balance
 Shares (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2015

435
651


000


807
























Series B Preferred stock issued for cash
 shares | Successor [Member]





























Common stock issued for services
 shares | Successor [Member]
















354






990
616




995
000



Common stock issued in Xing acquisition
 shares | Successor [Member]

353
915















068






400




468



Stock-based compensation
 shares | Successor [Member]

068
540




000

















958




000



Exercise of warrant
 shares | Successor [Member]

000





















153




154













633
079)


633
079)



Ending Balance (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2016

900






821
176


964
957)


878
654



Ending Balance
 Shares (Successor [Member]) at Dec. 31
 2016

900
106


000


807






























































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Gross value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016

















633
079


















847
417)









176


















700
000









856







856


088

























031
311)


633
079)
















715


748







441









466


940







000)











857







080


468







773)


















175)


157
932







419


005







271


389



Accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities



339


916
















982)


176
















951)


198)







050)









650





Cash paid to acquire the combined assets of Xing Beverage
 LLC





500
000)







000)









000)









351)


547
198)
















320


700
000









000







663


663)









000







200









000


















750)









379


753
083)







054


057
254







279)


232







135


856





135


856


088























022)


















100








































































277)









419









695







Accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities

685)









100









330


















688)

























Cash paid to acquire the combined assets of Xing Beverage
 LLC




























688)








































































000)


















874)









874)









232)









312


080







080































































































































The capitalized costs incurred during the period (excluded from amortization) to purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire an unproved property
 including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease properties
 the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee
 brokers' fees
 recording fees
 legal costs
 and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























Amount of deprecation and amortization expense attributable to property
 plant and equipment and intangible assets of discontinued operations.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Aggregate cash payments for a combination of transactions that are classified as investing activities in which assets
 which may include securities
 other types of investments
 or productive assets
 are purchased from third-party sellers. This element can be used by entities to aggregate payments for all asset purchases that are classified as investing activities.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.






















































































Cash outflows under financing arrangements with vendors (seller-financed debt)
 which had a maturity date at inception of more than one year (or more than one operating cycle
 if longer); such debt may have arisen from purchases of property
 plant and equipment or other productive assets.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Nature of Operations
 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies


Dec. 31
 2016






Nature of Operations
 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS
 BASIS OF
PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was formed under the laws of the State of Washington on April 26
 2010 under the name American
Brewing Company
 Inc. On April 1
 2015
 the Company acquired the assets of B&#38;R Liquid Adventure (see Note 4)
 which included
the brand Bucha&#174; Live Kombucha. On June 30
 2016
 the Company acquired the combined assets of New Age Beverages
 LLC
 Aspen
Pure
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC and Xing Beverage
 LLC (see Note 3) and changed the company&#8217;s name to New Age Beverages
Corporation. The Company manufactures
 markets and sells a portfolio of healthy functional beverages including XingTea&#174;
 an
all-natural
 non-GMO
 non-HFCS premium Ready to Drink (RTD) Tea; Aspen Pure&#174;
 an artesian-well
 naturally-high PH balanced
source water from the Colorado Rocky Mountains; XingEnergy&#174;
 an all-natural
 vitamin-enriched
 non-GMO
 Non-HFCS Energy Drink;
and B&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha
 an organic
 all natural
 fermented kombucha tea. The portfolio is distributed through the Company&#8217;s
own Direct Store Distribution (DSD) network in Colorado and surrounding states
 throughout the United States both direct to major
retailers and through its network of DSD partners
 and in 10 countries around the world. The brands are sold in all channels of
distribution including Hypermarkets
 Supermarkets
 Pharmacies
 Convenience
 Gas and other outlets.


 2015
(the &#8220;Closing Date&#8221;)
 the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;APA&#8221;) whereby the Company
sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations to AMBREW
 LLC
 a Washington limited
liability company (&#8220;AMBREW&#8221;). On the closing date
 the parties executed all documents related to the transaction. Under
the terms of the APA
 the assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets and property and equipment.
The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts held by the Company
 liabilities related to inventory as well as lease obligations.
The Company recognized the sale of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued operation
 in accordance with Accounting
Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-08

of an Entity&#8221; 


 2015
 the Company is focusing
exclusively on its b&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha business
 which produces a gluten-free
 organic certified sparkling kombucha
tea.




consolidated financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (or U.S. GAAP) and with the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s (or &#8220;SEC&#8221;) instructions
for the Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts within our consolidated financial statements. Although management believes these estimates to be reasonably
accurate
 actual amounts may differ.&#160;&#160;


have been presented on a comparative basis. For periods after the acquisition of the B&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha brand (since
April 1
 2015)
 our operating results are referred to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition of the B&#250;cha&#174;
Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results are referred to as Predecessor. Where applicable
 a black line separates the Successor
and Predecessor financial information to highlight the lack of comparability between the periods.

Principles of
Consolidation


statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiary companies. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated.




for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) incorporate certain reclassifications necessary to remove our prior micro-brewing
operations and brewery from our continuing operations and report them as discontinued operations. Further
 our net (loss) income
per share has been changed accordingly to report per-share amounts from continuing and discontinued operations.




statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. The more significant estimates and assumptions made by management include allowance for doubtful
accounts
 inventory valuation
 provision for excess or expired inventory
 depreciation of property and equipment
 realizability
of long-lived assets and fair market value of equity instruments issued for goods or services. The current economic environment
has increased the degree and uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions.




2016 and 2015 included cash on-hand.&#160; Cash equivalents are considered all accounts with an original&#160;maturity date within
90 days.

Accounts Receivable
and Factoring Arrangement with Recourse


accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based
on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#8217;s
estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a
receivable have failed. The Company&#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $46
350 as of December 31
 2016 and zero as of
December 31
 2015.


 2015
the Company entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated third-party financial
institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 the Company receives an advance of 80% of qualified receivables and maximum
amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500
000. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
we received net advances from the factoring of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest and fees of $34
069.
The Company&#8217;s factoring fees associated with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross face value of the
receivable for every ten-day period or fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is paid in full. On July
1
 2016
 the Company cancelled its factoring contract. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has no factoring payable liability
as compared to $110
663 as of December 31
 2015.




the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivables.&#160; The Company places its
cash with high credit quality financial institutions.&#160; At times such amounts may exceed federally insured limits.


 2016
 three
customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December 31
 2016
 three customers represented
approximately 29.4% (12.3%
8.9% and8.2%) of accounts receivable.


 2015
 three customers represented
approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 three
customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%
 18.9% and 18.6%) of revenue.




 stock
warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to
be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 815-40
.&#160; The result of this accounting treatment
could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each
balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.&#160; In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change in
fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense.&#160; Upon conversion or exercise of a
derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to
equity.&#160; Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC Topic
815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date.&#160; The Company
determined that none of its financial instruments meet the criteria for derivative accounting as of December 31
 2016 and December
31
 2015.




notes that may have conversion prices that create an embedded pursuant to accounting guidance.&#160; A beneficial conversion feature
exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair value of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible
into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of the note after first considering the allocation of a portion of the
note proceeds to the fair value of any attached equity instruments
 if any related equity instruments were granted with the debt.
In accordance with this guidance
 the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature is recorded as a debt discount with
a corresponding amount to additional paid in capital.&#160; The debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the life of
the note using the effective interest method.




which principally include cash
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 approximates fair value due to the relative
short maturity of such instruments. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s debt approximates its fair value as it bears interest
at market rates of interest after taking into consideration the debt discounts.


 establishes a framework
for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined under ASC
820 as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair-value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two
are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value as follows:

&#8212;Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

&#8212;Inputs
other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

&#8212;Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.




price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but tested for impairment annually or more frequently when events or circumstances
indicates that the carrying value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its fair value. The goodwill impairment test
is applied by performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If
 on the basis of
qualitative factors
 it is considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying
amount
 further testing of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise
 goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step
approach.


value of a company&#8217;s reporting units to their carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be
greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount is determined to be greater
than the fair value
 the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. The second step involves calculating
the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 of the
reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in this
step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value of
the goodwill
 an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined
there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.


cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful life
using the straight-line method
 which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from the asset are expected
to be generated. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015; respectively
 accumulated amortization was $340
126 and $62
500
 respectively.
Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and nine months ended December 31
2015 (Successor)
 respectively. There was no amortization expense for customer relationships for the three months ended March 31
2015 (Predecessor).




equipment and customer relationships and are reviewed for impairment in accordance with the guidance of the ASC 360
 Property
Plant
 and Equipment. The Company tests for impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Through December 31
 2016
 the Company
had not experienced impairment losses on the long-lived assets as management determined that there were no indicators that the
carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.




&#160;
Stock-based compensation to employees is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as
expense over the requisite employee service period.&#160; The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees
in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50.&#160; Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment
date or upon completion of the services
 based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the
service period.&#160; The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based payments using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
for common stock options and warrants and the latest fair market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock for common share issuances.

Inventories and Provision for Excess
or Expired Inventory


 packaging
and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value.&#160; Provisions for excess
inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses on its raw
materials.&#160; There was no reserve for obsolescence as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.




building and brewing equipment and are stated at cost.&#160; Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based upon
the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets
 generally five to forty years.&#160; Major renewals and betterments that extend
the life of the property are capitalized.&#160; Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




in major health and grocery chains throughout North America.&#160; Revenue is recognized upon delivery of goods to the customer.&#160;
An allowance for estimated returns is provided at the time of the sale.&#160; In accordance with the guidance in FASB Topic ASC
605
 
 the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (b) delivery
has occurred or services have been rendered
 (c) the fee is fixed or determinable
 and (d) collectability is reasonable assured.




 which include
customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the beverage industry.&#160; The Company
incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.&#160; Amounts paid in connection
with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 
 based on the nature of
the expenditure.




material costs
 packaging costs
 direct labor and certain overhead allocated costs.&#160; Costs are recognized when the related
revenue is recorded.&#160; Shipping and handling costs for all wholesale sales transactions are billed to the customer and are
included in costs of goods sold for all periods presented.

Advertising
 Promotions and Sales


 promotional and selling expenses
consisted of sales salaries
 tap handles
 media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 and promotional activity expenses
and are recognized when incurred in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.




of professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses
 and other general and administrative
overhead costs.&#160; Expenses are recognized when incurred.






to the provisions of ASC 740
 
 whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and the future tax benefits derived from operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company provides
a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The Company has a valuation allowance against 100% of the net deferred tax assets.


in the consolidated financial statements the effect of a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
based on the technical merits of the position. The first step is to determine whether or not a tax benefit should be recognized.
A tax benefit will be recognized if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position is more likely than not to
be sustained upon examination by the relevant tax authorities. The recognition and measurement of benefits related to our tax positions
requires significant judgment as uncertainties often exist with respect to new laws
 new interpretations of existing laws
 and
rulings by taxing authorities. Differences between actual results and our assumptions
 or changes in our assumptions in future
periods
 are recorded in the period they become known. For tax liabilities
 the Company recognizes accrued interest related to
uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense
 and penalties
 if incurred
 are recognized as a component of operating
expense.




and is classified as a partnership for income tax purposes.&#160; The Predecessor profits and losses are reportable by the members
on their respective income tax returns.&#160; Accordingly
 no provision for income taxes has been reflected in these financial
statements.




by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average common shares outstanding.&#160; Diluted net income per share is calculated
by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or the
two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&#160; As the Company incurred net losses for the periods ended December 31
 2016
and 2015 (Successor) and March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 no potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation of diluted
earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.&#160; Therefore
 basic and dilutive net income (loss) per share
were the same.&#160; If the Company had net income
 potential dilutive securities consist of warrants to purchase 100
000 and 1
127
000
shares of common stock as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively.




 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-09


 ASC Topic 606.&#160;The new
revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.&#160;The
core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred
the effective date of the new revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15
 2016 to December 15
 2017
 with early adoption
permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. This ASU must be applied retrospectively to each period presented or
as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.&#160;The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this
ASU and is conducting its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.
After completing its review
 the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon the Company results
of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new
standard.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 This ASU establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on the consolidated financial statements and the Company has yet to determine
the overall impact this ASU is expected to have. The likely impact will be one of presentation only on the consolidated balance
sheet. The Company leases primarily consist of operating leases with varying expiration dates through 2020 and annual rent expense
for 2016 is approximately $0.1 million.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
. This ASU is related to the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments with contingent
call or put options. This ASU clarifies that an exercise contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates
only to interest rates or credit risk. Instead
 the contingent put or call option should be evaluated for possible bifurcation
as a derivative in accordance with the four-step decision sequence detailed in FASB ASC 815-15
 without regard to the nature of
the exercise contingency. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning
after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
 (Topic 606). This ASU is related to reporting revenue gross versus net
 or principal
versus agent considerations. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in ASU 2014-09
&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
as it pertains to principal versus agent considerations. Specifically
 the guidance addresses how entities should identify goods
and services being provided to a customer
 the unit of account for a principal versus agent assessment
 how to evaluate whether
a good or service is controlled before being transferred to a customer
 and how to assess whether an entity controls services performed
by another party. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for
interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect and methodology
of adopting this new accounting guidance upon the results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. The Company has begun
to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU
 and has started its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio
of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption. The Company will also continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance
upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this
ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements
under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 (Topic 718). This ASU is related to simplifications of employee share-based payment accounting.
This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded in the
income statement when awards are settled. The pronouncement also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification
accounting for forfeitures and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for
interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. This ASU will not have
a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. This ASU is meant
to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09
&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Specifically
 the guidance addresses an
entity&#8217;s identification of its performance obligations in a contract
 as well as an entity&#8217;s evaluation of the nature
of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized over time or at a point
in time. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim
periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of
this ASU and will continue to review the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.
The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements
except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11

Recognition
Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 EITF Meeting. This ASU rescinds SEC paragraphs
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically
 registrants
should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for
Freight Services in Process
 which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2; (2) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs
which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; (3) Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller
of the Vendor&#8217;s Products)
 which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1; and (4) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements
(i.e.
 use of the &#8220;entitlements method&#8221;)
 which is codified in paragraph 932-10-S99-5. This ASU becomes effective upon
adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after
December 15
 2017. The Company has not yet begun to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU or its impact on its consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12

from Contracts with Customers
core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead
 the amendments provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and add
some practical expedients to the guidance. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective
for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. The Company is considering
the alternatives of adoption of this ASU. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments
in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.
This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. The
Company has not adopted this ASU and currently the Company has determined there to be no impact of this ASU on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended
to reduce diversity in practice in how transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and currently the Company has determined
there to be no impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued 2017-04
 (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amendments in this ASU
simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminating the requirement
for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Instead
 under this pronouncement
an entity would perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with
its carrying amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting
unit&#8217;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting
unit. In addition
 income tax effects will be considered
 if applicable. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






NOTE 2 &#8211; GOING CONCERN AND MANAGEMENT&#8217;S
LIQUIDITY PLANS


have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
 among other things
 the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Since inception
 the Company has financed its operations
primarily through equity and debt financings.&#160;As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $6
964
957
and for the year then ended incurred operating losses of $3
633
079 (all of which was attributed to the losses of B&#250;cha
 Inc.
and one-time expenses associated with the integration and up-listing onto the NASDAQ exchange and acquisition of Xing.) For the
year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company generated cash from operating activities of $975
176.


the Company believes that its current operations combined with its current cash at December 31
 2016 will be sufficient to meet
the Company&#8217;s operating liquidity
 capital expenditure and debt repayment requirements for at least the next one year from
the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC


Dec. 31
 2016






Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC

NOTE 3 &#8211; ACQUISITION OF XING BEVERAGE
LLC


 2016
the Company acquired the assets of New Age Beverage
 LLC
 New Age Properties
 LLC
 Aspen Pure
 LLC
 and Xing Beverage
 LLC (collectively
Xing). Xing is engaged in the manufacturing and sale of various teas and beverages
 which will help the Company expand its capabilities
and product offering. The operating results of Xing have been consolidated with those of the Company beginning July 1
 2016. Total
purchase consideration paid was $19
995
000
 which consisted of $8
500
000 of cash
 a note payable for $4
500
000 and 4
353
915
shares of common stock. The common stock issued was valued at $1.61 per share
 which was the volume weighted average closing stock
for the thirty days preceding the acquisition.


was allocated to the net assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as follows:



    
    
    
8
500
000
    

    
    
    
4
500
000
    

    
    
    
6
995
000
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    




    
    
    
5
627
669
    

    
    
    
4
847
417
    

    
    
    
492
972
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
7
418
789
    

    
    
    
4
628
800
    

Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable
    
    
(7
526
874
    

    
    
    
15
488
773
    

    
    
    
4
506
227
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    



consummated on June 30
 2016
 and as such
 the Company assessed the fair value of the various net assets acquired. The Company
identified other intangible assets
 such as customer lists that were recognized apart from goodwill
 and recorded at fair value.


506
227 of
goodwill currently recognized is deductible for income tax purposes over the next fifteen years.


the acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
 the Company incurred transactional costs totaling $1
714
463
 which has been recognized
as expense as of December 31
 2016 (Successor). Of these costs
 $1
326
108 was included in legal and professional fee expense and
$388
355 was included in general and administrative expenses. Legal and professional fee expense includes the Company issuing a
total of 167
994 shares of common stock to several consultants for transactional services provided. The shares were fair valued
at $1.61 per share. The balance represents legal and professional fees incurred that have or are going to be paid in cash. The
general and administrative expense of $388
355 was pursuant to an employment agreement entered into during the first quarter of
2016
 whereby an officer earned 1
078
763 shares of common stock upon the consummation of the Xing acquisition. These shares were
fair valued at $0.36 per share



the historical operating results of the Company
 including the Predecessor for the three months ended March 31
 2015
 and those
of Xing
 as if Xing was acquired on January 1
 2015. The pro forma financial information includes an adjustment to remove $1
714
463
of one-time transactional costs that were expensed during the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). These one-time costs were
removed for pro forma purposes as the costs were non-recurring. A pro-forma adjustment was also made to increase amortization expense
for $194
293 to reflect a full year&#8217;s worth of amortization related to other intangibles (customer lists). No adjustments
have been made for synergies that may result from the acquisition. These combined results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may have been achieved had the companies been combined as of such dates or periods
 or of the Company&#8217;s future
operating results.



    
    
    

 2016
    
    
    

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
364
647
    
    
    
48
449
630
    

    
    
    
(865
299
    
    
    
(407
156
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(130
619
    

    
    
    
(865
299
    
    
    
(537
775
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
900
106
    
    
    
16
789
376
    



acquired
 which are subject to change
 could have a material impact on these pro forma combined results.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC


Dec. 31
 2016






Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC

NOTE 4 &#8211; ACQUISITION OF ASSETS
OF B&#38;R LIQUID ADVENTURE
 LLC


 2015
 the Company acquired
substantially all of the operating assets of B&#38;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC
 a California Limited Liability Company (&#8220;B&#38;R&#8221;).&#160;
B&#38;R is engaged in the manufacture of b&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha
 a gluten free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha tea.&#160;
On April 1
 2015
 the parties executed all documents related to the acquisition.&#160; Upon the closing of the acquisition
 the
Company received substantially all of the operating assets of B&#38;R
 consisting of inventory
 fixed assets and intellectual property.


 a fermented
 probiotic tea
beverage
 offers a myriad of health benefits.&#160; With the acquisition of the b&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha brand
 which features
eight flavors
 the Company plans to leverage its brewing expertise to expand distribution in major health and grocery chains throughout
North America.


assets of B&#38;R was a cash payment of $260
000
 a secured promissory note in an amount of $140
000 and the issuance 1
479
290
shares of common stock valued at $500
000.&#160;In addition
 the Company assumed $121
416 of scheduled liabilities.


479
290 shares of common stock
were issued with &#8220;price protection&#8221; for a period of 18 months
 meaning that on the date that is 18 months from the
date of the acquisition
 if the market value of the common stock issued pursuant to the acquisition is less than $500
000
 the
Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares held by B&#38;R is equal to a market value of $500
000
based on the average closing bid price of the common stock for the five days prior thereto.&#160; The Company determined the fair
value of the 1
479
290 shares issued as of October 1
 2016 to be higher than $500
000
 and thus no additional shares were due under
this &#8220;price protection&#8221; provision.


of the operating assets of B&#38;R using the acquisition method of accounting. B&#38;R&#8217;s inventory
 fixed assets and identifiable
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded based upon their estimated fair values as of the closing date
of the acquisition.&#160;The excess of purchase price over the value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. Total
purchase consideration was as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
260
000
    

    
    
    
140
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
900
000
    



fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired as of the date of acquisition:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
328
802
    

    
    
    
250
000
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
53
600
    

    
    
    
(121
416
    

    
    
    
510
986
    

    
    
    
389
014
    



price over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and identifiable intangible assets. In accordance with applicable accounting
standards
 goodwill is not amortized but instead is tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if certain indicators
are present. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined there was no impairment of goodwill recognized during
2015.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











 tea
ingredients
 bulk packaging and finished goods. The cost elements of work in process and finished goods inventory consist of raw
materials and direct labor. Provisions for excess inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial
but adequate to provide for losses on its raw materials. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the first-in
first-out basis
 or market. When acquiring Xing
 the Company&#8217;s inventory balance increased by $4
847
417.





    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
458
582
    
    
    
46
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
798
    

    
    
    
3
962
050
    
    
    
143
494
    

    
    
    
4
420
632
    
    
    
196
220
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
878
800
    
    
    
250
000
    

    
    
    
(340
126
    
    
    
(62
500
    

    
    
    
4
538
674
    
    
    
187
500
    



as part of the tangible and intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of Xing and B&#38;R (see Notes 3 and 4) and recorded
at their fair market value. When acquiring Xing
 the Company&#8217;s customer relationship balance increased by $4
628
800. Amortization
expense is computed on a straight-line basis of three years for B&#38;R&#8217;s customer relationships and 15 years for Xing&#8217;s
customer relationships
 which was determined to be the useful life.&#160; Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the
year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor). Amortization expense was
zero for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor).&#160; Amortization expense is classified as cost of goods sold in
the consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor).


 2016
 amortization
expense for the next five years for customer relationships is as follows:



Year Ended December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
391
920
    

    
    
    
329
420
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
2
891
574
    

    
    
    
4
538
674
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









 the Company's property
and equipment balance increased by $7
418
789. The Company's property and equipment consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
6
070
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
963
474
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
509
064
    
    
    
76
551
    

    
    
    
(256
337
    
    
    
(10
215
    

    
    
    
7
286
201
    
    
    
66
336
    



 computed on the basis
of three to five year useful lives for all property and equipment
 and a 40-year useful life on the building
 was $246
122 for
the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor). For the year ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 depreciation expense was $125
656.
Depreciation expense from continuing operations was $10
215 and $5
100 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
and the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively. Depreciation expense is classified as cost of goods sold
in the consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor). Depreciation expense from discontinued operations was $115
411 for the nine months ended December 31
2015 (Successor).



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








NOTE 8 &#8211; NOTES PAYABLE
 CONVERTIBLE
NOTE PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASES


of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
5
650
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
754
636
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
32
218
    
    
    
78
931
    

    
    
    
14
936
854
    
    
    
78
931
    

    
    
    
(4
562
179
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
10
374
675
    
    
    
78
931
    



the Company entered into several notes payable with a bank and received proceeds of $10.7 million. One note payable is for $4
800
000
bears interest at 4.04%
 and is secured by the Company&#8217;s land and building. Principal and interest is payable in monthly
installments of $25
495 through June 2021 at which time the unpaid principal balance is due. The other note payable is a revolving
credit facility that allows borrows up to $5.9 million
 bears interest payable monthly at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 2.25%
to 3.00% depending on the current ratio of payment obligations to earnings as defined in the agreement
 and is secured by the Company&#8217;s
assets. The amount that maybe borrowed under the revolving credit facility is based on the Company&#8217;s eligible receivables
inventory and fixed assets
 and is reduces by $50
000 each month beginning August 1
 2016 until the facility has been reduced down
to $2
900
000. The revolving credit facility matures on June 30
 2018. As of December 31
 2016
 there are no available borrowings
under the revolving credit facility.


500
000 note payable
to a selling shareholder of Xing. This seller&#8217;s note bears interest
 payable monthly
 at 1% per year
 beginning after December
31
 2016. The loan matures on June 30
 2017.


 2016
 the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with an unaffiliated third party
 whereby the Company sold a Convertible Promissory Note in an
amount of $200
000. The purchaser also received a three-year Warrant to purchase 100
000 shares at an exercise price of $0.40 per
share. The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the warrant based upon relative fair values. The relative
fair value of the warrant was determined to be $18
153. During 2016
 the note was converted into 30
000 shares of Series B Preferred
stock.


 the Company entered into two
60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8%
per annum.&#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&#160; The notes also included an equity
payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds
among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020
and it was recorded as a debt discount.&#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31
 2015
(Successor).


 the Company borrowed $200
000
used for the acquisition of B&#38;R (see Note 4).&#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning
December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&#160; Payments of interest are required quarterly.&#160; Should the Company be successful
in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.&#160; The note was issued
in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&#160;
The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&#160; The relative fair
value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&#160; The discount is being amortized over
the life of the loans to interest expense.&#160; As of December 31
 2016
 no payment has been made on this note and the remaining
balance of this note is $200
000 ($101
425
 net of the unamortized discount.)


 2015
 a promissory note in an amount
of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the acquisition of B&#38;R (see Note 4).&#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and
it matured on June 30
 2015.&#160; The note was fully repaid in 2015.


 the Company borrowed $50
000
under a 90-day promissory note.&#160; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was due on July 21
 2015.&#160; The note was
fully repaid in 2015.


third party and related party debt was $68
466 during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor).


of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable
 net of unamortized&#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
689
    

    
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
3
689
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
689
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized&#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
    
    



 the Company entered into
two 60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of
8% per annum.&#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&#160; The notes also included an equity
payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds
among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020
and it was recorded as a debt discount.&#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31
 2015.


 the Company borrowed
$200
000 used for the Acquisition (see Note 4).&#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning
December 31
 2015 maturing on March 31
 2020.&#160; Payments of interest are required quarterly.&#160; Should the Company be successful
in raising $2
000
000 or more in funding
 then the entire balance of the note will be due immediately.&#160; The note was issued
in conjunction with an equity payment totaling 176
734 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&#160;
The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&#160; The relative fair
value of the stock was determined to be $142
434 and was recorded as a debt discount.&#160; The discount will be amortized over
the life of the loans to interest expense.&#160; As of December 31
 2015
 no payment has been made on this note and the remaining
balance of this note is $200
000 ($78
931
 net of the unamortized discount.)


 2015
 a promissory note
in an amount of $140
000 was issued pursuant to the Acquisition (see Note 4).&#160; The note bears interest at 10% per annum and
it matured on June 30
 2015.&#160; The note was fully paid off and the balance as of December 31
 2015 is zero.


 the Company borrowed
$50
000 under a 90-day promissory note.&#160; The note bears interest at 3% per month and was due on July 21
 2015.&#160; The note
was fully paid off and the balance as of December 31
 2015 is zero.


on third party and related party debt was $68
466 during the nine months ended December 31
 2015.

Obligations under Capital Leases
(Predecessor)


 the Predecessor entered into
a lease agreement for the purchase of an Alcolyzer
 a highly accurate analysis system which determines the alcohol content of its
Kombucha products.&#160; The lease is for 24 months and requires monthly payments of $701
 plus sales tax.&#160; The Predecessor
paid a down payment on the equipment lease of $4
957.&#160; The lease is secured by the underlying leased asset.&#160; This arrangement
was accounted for as a capital lease and capitalized the asset at $23
900. As of December 31
 2014
 the outstanding balance under
this capital lease was $3
689.

Notes payable and capitalized leases
of discontinued operations


 in 2015 the Company
sold its assets related to its brewery and micro-brewing operations. The Sale price was paid in cash of $395
650 and assumed debt
owed to a third party related to three equipment financing agreements and various capital lease arrangements as described:



    
    
an Equipment Financing Agreement dated January 2015 for $124
322.&#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $3
218 each of which include $628 in interest.

    
    
an Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $125
000.&#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $3
236 each of which include $632 in interest.

    
    
an Equipment Financing Agreement dated June 2015 for $113
320.&#160; The note required 48 monthly payments of $2
934 each of which include $573 in interest.

    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











 the Company entered into two
60-day promissory notes for cash proceeds of $50
000 each.&#160; Each note has a 1.5% loan fee and bears an interest rate of 8%
per annum.&#160; The loan fees resulted in aggregate discounts to the notes of $2
250.&#160; The notes also included an equity
payment totaling 30
000 shares of common stock that were issued with the debt.&#160; The Company has allocated the loan proceeds
among the debt and the stock based upon relative fair value.&#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $9
020
and it was recorded as a debt discount.&#160; The two notes were fully paid off during the nine months ended December 31
 2015.&#160;


as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

Related party debt
 net of unamortized discounts of $30
039 and $36
331 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
29
961
    
    
    
23
669
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discount
    
    
29
961
    
    
    
23
669
    



 the Company borrowed $60
000
from a member of management.&#160;The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due and payable beginning June 30
 2015 maturing
on March 31
 2020. Payments of interest are required quarterly. The note was issued in conjunction with an equity payment totaling
53
073 shares of Series B preferred stock that was issued with the debt.&#160;The Company has allocated the loan proceeds among
the debt and the stock based upon relative fair values.&#160; The relative fair value of the stock was determined to be $42
742
and was recorded as a debt discount.&#160;The discount is being amortized over the life of the loan to interest expense.&#160;As
of December 31
 2016
 no principal payment has been made on this note&#160;(but has since been paid in full in February 2017).

Accrued Officer Compensation and
Gain on Forgiveness of Accrued Payroll


 the Company and two officers
agreed to forgive $500
000 of the $600
000 in accrued officer compensation. This resulted in the Company recognizing a gain of
$500
000 on forgiveness of accrued payroll during the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor). No payments have been made
on the remaining balance of $100
000
 which is recorded as an accrued liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31
 2016.


31
 2015 (Successor)
 the Company recorded an expense of approximately $10
800 for company-related expenses incurred on an officer&#8217;s
personal credit card. This amount was paid in full on October 5
 2015 from the proceeds from the sale of the brewery and micro-brewing
operations. The Company had previously been making monthly installment payments of $1
000 on this credit card.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016













 the Company extended the
facilities lease for 39 months effective March 1
 2016 and expiring May 31
 2019. The monthly base rent is $2
795 for first 12
months
 $2
879 for next 12 months
 $2
965 for next 12 months
 and $3
054 for the balance of the term. Monthly rent payments also
include common area maintenance charges
 taxes
 and other charges. On June 30
 2016 the Company assumed the lease commitments for
the New Age Beverage
 LLC (NAB) and Xing Beverage
 LLC (Xing) when they acquired those companies. The Colorado Springs property
previously leased by Xing
 has a base rent of $14
000 per month plus common area expenses
 with escalation clauses over time.


leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
208
349
    

    
    
    
215
410
    

    
    
    
201
093
    

    
    
    
192
000
    

    
    
    
816
852
    



812 for the year ended
December 31
 2016.Rent expense was $37
900 and $8
250 for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) and three months
ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor); respectively




 the Company
may be involved in legal proceedings
 claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties
 and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are no such matters that are deemed material to
the consolidated financial statements as of December 31
 2016.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016













000
000
shares of preferred stock
 each having a par value of $0.001
 with voting
 distribution
 dividend and redemption rights
 and liquidation
preferences and conversions as designated by the board of directors.


000
shares as Series A Preferred stock
&#8221;). Each share of Series A
Preferred shall have 500 votes for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Company. As of December 31
2016
 250
000 shares of Series A Preferred are issued and outstanding.


000
shares as Series B Preferred stock
&#8221;). The Series B Preferred
is non-voting
 not eligible for dividends and ranks equal to common stock and below Series A preferred stock. Each share of Series
B Preferred has a conversion rate into eight shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2016
 284
807 shares of Series B Preferred
are issued and outstanding. During the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 the Company sold 25
000 shares of Series
B Preferred for $25
000 cash. During the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor)
 the Company issued 30
000 shares of Series B
Preferred upon conversion of a $200
000 note payable (see Note 8).




000
000
shares of common stock
 $0.001 par value.




 2015
(Successor)
 1
479
290 shares of common stock were issued pursuant to the acquisition of B&#38;R (see Note 4). The Company estimated

with &#8220;Price Protection&#8221; for a period of 18 months. If the market value of the common stock issued pursuant to the Acquisition
is less than $500
000
 the Company shall issue additional shares so the aggregate amount of shares issued in the Acquisition is
equal to a market value of $500
000 based on the average closing bid price of the common stock for the five days prior thereto




 2015
(Successor)
 204
000 shares of common stock were sold to three investors for cash proceeds of $61
200
 or $.30 per share
 under
a private placement offering. The offering provided for the issuance of warrants to purchase 50% of the number of shares subscribed
for
 at a price of $.50 per share
 expiring one year from the investment. A total of 102
000 warrants were issued and expire between
April 13 and June 10
 2016 (see Note 12).




 2015
(Successor)
 707
141 shares of common stock were issued to employees and consultants in connection with services rendered as follows:



    
    
52
000 shares were issued to employees for services rendered. The Company determined the fair market value (FMV) to be $0.44 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $22
880.

    
    
    

    
    
85
714 shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee would be granted shares valued at $30
000. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.35 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $30
000.

    
    
    

    
    
64
427 shares were issued to employee pursuant to an employment contract whereby the employee would be granted shares equal to $6
500 at the end of each quarter effective with the three months ending March 31
 2015. The Company determined the per share FMV to be $0.35 as of March 31
 $0.46 as of June 30
 $0.42 as of September 30 and $.40 as of December 31. Accordingly
 the employee received 18
571
 14
130
 15
476 and 16
250 shares of common stock
 respectively
 and the Company recorded an expense of $26
000.

    
    
    

    
    
5
000 shares were issued to Stonefield Fund for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.44 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $2
200.

    
    
    

    
    
500
000 shares were issued to LP Funding
 LLC for services rendered. The Company determined the FMV to be $0.46 per share at the time of issuance and recorded an expense of $230
000.



 2016
 the
Company issued 50
000 shares of fully vested common stock to a consultant as partial consideration for professional services to
be rendered. The shares were fair valued at $0.41 per share
 which was the traded stock price of the Company&#8217;s common stock
at the time of grant. The Company (Successor) recognized legal and professional fees of $20
500 related to this grant. The Company
also issued 42
000 shares of common stock in connection with a warrant being exercised (see Note 12).


the Company issued a total of 5
600
672 shares of common stock as either purchase consideration or payment of transactional services
that were provided (see Note 3).


 2016
 the Company&#8217;s approved
and implemented the New Age Beverages Corporation 2016-2017 Long Term Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) pursuant to which
the maximum number of shares that can be granted is 1
600
000 shares. Grants under the Plan may include options and restricted
stock
 as well as many other equity-type awards. The purpose of the Plan is to attract able persons to enter the employ or to
serve as directors or as consultants of the Company and its affiliates. A further purpose of the Plan is to provide such individuals
with additional incentive and reward opportunities designed to enhance the profitable growth of the Company and its affiliates.
The shares of our common stock to be issued in connection with the Plan will not be registered under the Securities Act. As of
December 31
 2016
 there have been no grants under the Plan.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]











the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options outstanding December 31
 2014
    
    
875
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
875
042
    
    
    
    
    

Options exercisable March 31
 2015
    
    
468
792
    
    
    
    
    



 2015 and December 31
2014
 the range of exercise prices of the outstanding options was $0.05 to $.25 per share.&#160; Of the total options outstanding
375
042 options were granted at $0.05 per share and are fully vested as of December 31
 2014 and 500
000 options were granted at
$.25 per share with a vesting rate of 6.25% per quarter from July 14
 2014.&#160; The relative fair value of the options was determined
to be nominal.

Common
Stock Warrants


for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2014
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable March 31
 2015
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    



 2014
 the
Predecessor issued an aggregate of 60
000 common stock warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 in connection with
borrowings from related party shareholders and officers of the Predecessor. The relative fair value of the common stock warrants
was determined to be nominal.




 2015
 the Company had warrants
to purchase 1
127
000 shares of common stock outstanding
 with exercise prices between $0.50 and $1.00 and expiration dates between
September 2016 and October 2019.&#160; A summary of common stock warrants activity for the nine months ended December 31
 2015
is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
025
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
102
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    



 2016
 the Company had a
warrant to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock outstanding with an exercise of $0.40 per share. The warrant expires in March
2019. A summary of common stock warrants activity for the periods ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
025
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
102
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(42
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
085
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    



 2016
the Company issued a three-year warrant to purchase 100
000 shares at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in connection with
a $200
000 Convertible Promissory Note (see Note 8)&#160;which was exercised during the year. During 2016
 warrants totaling 42
000
shares of common stock were exercised at $0.50 per share.&#160;The Company received $21
000 when the warrant shares were exercised.&#160;Warrants
that were outstanding as of December 31
 2015 and not exercised
 were forfeited on June 30
 2016 when acquiring Xing.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








NOTE 13 &#8211; DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
&#8211; BREWERY AND MICRO-BREWING OPERATIONS


 2015 (the &#8220;Closing
Date&#8221;)
 the Company entered into an agreement whereby it sold its assets and various liabilities related to its brewery and
micro-brewing operations to AMBREW (the &#8220;Sale&#8221;.)&#160; On the Closing Date
 the parties executed all documents related
to the Sale.&#160; Under the terms of the agreement
 the assets sold consisted of accounts receivable
 inventories
 prepaid assets
and property and equipment.&#160; The liabilities consisted of brewing-related contracts held by the Company
 liabilities related
to inventory as well as lease obligations.&#160; The Sale price was paid in cash of $395
650 and assumed debt owed to a third party
related to three equipment financing agreements and various capital lease arrangements.


brewery and micro-brewing operations as a discontinued operation
 in accordance with ASU 2014-08

Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#8221;




of the assets and liabilities of the Company&#8217;s discontinued brewery and micro-brewing operations as of the Closing Date:



    
    
October 1
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
62
588
    

    
    
    
85
493
    

    
    
    
11
588
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
869
118
    

    
    
    
12
816
    

    
    
    
1
041
603
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
907
    

    
    
    
46
874
    

    
    
    
93
953
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
229
446
    

    
    
    
389
180
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
652
423
    

    
    
    
395
650
    

    
    
    
256
773
    


Income and Expense of Discontinued
Operations


and expense of discontinued operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 and the three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
510
216
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
366
852
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
143
364
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
660
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
550
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
126
154
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Note
14 &#8211; Income Taxes 




in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions.


the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company
must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and
 to the extent that it
is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized
 the Company must establish a valuation allowance.


 2016
 the Company has
a valuation allowance against 100% of the deferred tax assets
)
carryforwards. Even though the Company has reserved all of these net deferred tax assets for book purposes
 the Company would still
be able to utilize them to reduce future income taxes payable should the Company have future taxable earnings. To the extent the
deferred tax assets relate to NOL carryforwards
 the ability to use such NOLs against future earnings will be subject to applicable
carryforward periods. As of December&#160;31
 2016
 the Company had NOL carryforwards for both Federal and state tax purposes of
approximately $5.8&#160;million
 which are available to offset taxable income through 2036. Our NOL carryforwards begin to expire
in 2028.


 2016 and
2015
 there was no income tax expense recognized. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions
of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
2
139
000
    
    
    
728
000
    

    
    
    
34
000
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
(2
173
000
    
    
    
(746
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





and is classified as a partnership for income tax purposes. The Predecessor profits and losses are reportable by the members on
their respective income tax returns. Accordingly
 no provision for income taxes has been reflected in these financial statements
for the Predecessor.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











shares outstanding for the calculation of net loss per share. Series B preferred stock is included on an as-converted basis and
warrants are included using the treasury stock method. For the periods whereby we are reporting a net loss from continuing operations
securities to acquire common stock or securities that are convertible into shares of common stock are excluded from the computation
of net loss per share as they would be anti-dilutive.



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






Note
16 &#8211; statements of cash flows





    
    
    

 2016
    
    
    

 2015
    
    
    

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
189
470
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
861
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
140
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
153
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
6
995
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
872
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











with FASB ASC Topic 280
.&#160; Prior to October 1
 2015
 the Company&#8217;s brewery operations were
classified into two operating segments; &#8220;retail
&#8221; to retail customers through the Company&#8217;s tasting room located
in the greater Seattle
 Washington area
 and &#8220;wholesale
&#8221; to distributors under various distributor agreements. Although
both segments are involved in the sale and distribution of beer
 they serve different customers and are managed separately
 requiring
specialized expertise.&#160;As discussed in Note 13
 on October 1
 2015
 the Company sold its assets and various liabilities related
to its brewery and micro-brewing operations.&#160;The Company recognized the sale of its brewery and micro-brewing operations as
a discontinued operation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


 effective April 1
2015
 the Company also manufactures and sells b&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha
 a gluten free
 organic certified
 sparkling kombucha
tea.&#160; The kombucha tea brand serves different customers and is managed separately
 requiring specialized expertise.&#160;
Prior to October 1
 2015
 the Company also reported its kombucha tea business as an operating segment. However
 with the sale
of the Company&#8217;s brewery and micro-brewing operations
 the Company now operates in one segment. &#160; Accordingly
 no further
segment reporting is required as of December 31
 2015 and for the period then ended.



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016











During
February 2017
 the Company rescinded its Series A Preferred stock and converted its Series B Preferred stock into shares of common
stock.


On
February 17
 2017
 the Company issued a press release announcing that it closed its underwritten public offering of 4
285
714
shares of common stock at an offering price of $3.50 per share. In addition
 the Company&#8217;s underwriter exercised the over-allotment
to purchase an additional 642
857 shares of common stock. Gross proceeds to the Company were approximately $17
250
000 before
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
 and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.


 2017
 the Company
 entered into
an Asset Purchase Agreement whereby the Company acquired substantially all of the operating assets of Maverick Brands
 LLC (&#8220;Maverick&#8221;)
which is a company engaged in the business of delivering organic
 non-GMO certified
 no-sugar-added coconut water. Upon closing
the Company received substantially all of the operating assets of Maverick
 consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed
assets and intellectual property in exchange for a purchase price of 2
200
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 plus
cash in an amount of $2
000
000. The Company also agreed to assume approximately $1
500
000 in debt consisting of various secured
subordinated promissory notes
 which will be secured with the inventory and receivables of the Company. The shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted under Rule 144
 and will be subject to a leak out provision
 which
provides that beginning six months after the Closing Date
 and on the last day of each calendar month thereafter
 each holder of
the Shares may sell up to but not more than twenty percent (20%) of the number of shares that the holder initially received in
connection with this transaction. The Acquisition was subject to customary closing conditions.


 2017
&#160;the Company
 entered
into an Asset Purchase Agreement&#160;whereby the Company agreed to acquire substantially all of the operating assets of Marley
Beverage Company
 LLC (&#8220;Marley&#8221;)
 which is a company engaged in the development
 manufacturing
 selling and marketing
of nonalcoholic relaxation teas and sparkling waters
 and ready to drink coffee drinks (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). On March
23
 2017
 the parties executed the Asset Purchase Agreement for the Acquisition
 with the Closing to take place on or about June
30
 2017.&#160;&#160;


 the Company will receive substantially
all of the operating assets of Marley
 consisting of inventory
 accounts receivable
 fixed assets and intellectual property in
exchange for a purchase price of 2
850
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 plus cash in an amount equal to 150
000
times the average of the closing price of our common stock on the ten trading days immediately preceding the closing date
 as
well as an earn out payment of $1
250
000 in cash if the gross revenues of the Marley business during any trailing twelve calendar
month period after the Closing Date are equal to or greater than $15
000
000. The earnout
 if applicable
 will be paid as $625
000
 day after the end of the first trailing twelve calendar month period in which the earnout condition
is satisfied
 $312
500 not later than the first anniversary of the initial earnout payment
 and $312
500 not later than the second
anniversary of the initial earnout payment. The shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Acquisition will be restricted
under Rule 144
 but Marley will have piggyback registration rights
 as well as demand registration rights
 with the demand registration
rights beginning twelve months from the Closing Dat



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Nature of Operations
 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)


Dec. 31
 2016











consolidated financial statements and related footnotes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (or U.S. GAAP) and with the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s (or &#8220;SEC&#8221;) instructions
for the Form 10-K. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts within our consolidated financial statements. Although management believes these estimates to be reasonably
accurate
 actual amounts may differ.&#160;&#160;


have been presented on a comparative basis. For periods after the acquisition of the B&#250;cha&#174; Live Kombucha brand (since
April 1
 2015)
 our operating results are referred to as Successor. For periods prior to the acquisition of the B&#250;cha&#174;
Live Kombucha brand
 our operating results are referred to as Predecessor. Where applicable
 a black line separates the Successor
and Predecessor financial information to highlight the lack of comparability between the periods.





Principles of
Consolidation


financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiary companies. All intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated.








for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor) incorporate certain reclassifications necessary to remove our prior micro-brewing
operations and brewery from our continuing operations and report them as discontinued operations. Further
 our net (loss) income
per share has been changed accordingly to report per-share amounts from continuing and discontinued operations.








statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. The more significant estimates and assumptions made by management include allowance for doubtful
accounts
 inventory valuation
 provision for excess or expired inventory
 depreciation of property and equipment
 realizability
of long-lived assets and fair market value of equity instruments issued for goods or services. The current economic environment
has increased the degree and uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions.








2016 and 2015 included cash on-hand.&#160; Cash equivalents are considered all accounts with an original&#160;maturity date within
90 days.





Accounts Receivable
and Factoring Arrangement with Recourse


accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables. The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts that is based
on historical trends
 customer knowledge
 any known disputes
 and the aging of the accounts receivable balances combined with management&#8217;s
estimate of future potential recoverability. Receivables are written off against the allowance after all attempts to collect a
receivable have failed. The Company&#8217;s allowance for doubtful accounts was $46
350 as of December 31
 2016 and zero as of
December 31
 2015.


 2015
the Company entered into a factoring agreement to sell
 with recourse
 certain receivables to an unrelated third-party financial
institution. Under the terms of the factoring agreement
 the Company receives an advance of 80% of qualified receivables and maximum
amount of outstanding advances at any one time will not exceed $500
000. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
we received net advances from the factoring of accounts receivable of $110
663 and recognized factoring interest and fees of $34
069.
The Company&#8217;s factoring fees associated with the sale of receivables at the rate of 0.67% of the gross face value of the
receivable for every ten-day period or fraction thereof from the date of the advance until the receivable is paid in full. On
July 1
 2016
 the Company cancelled its factoring contract. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has no factoring payable liability
as compared to $110
663 as of December 31
 2015.








the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivables.&#160; The Company places its
cash with high credit quality financial institutions.&#160; At times such amounts may exceed federally insured limits.


 2016
 three
customers represented approximately 27.5% (14.5%
 7.5% and 5.5%) of revenue. As of December 31
 2016
 three customers represented
approximately 29.4% (12.3%
8.9% and8.2%) of accounts receivable.


 2015
 three customers represented
approximately 92.8% (59.0%
 22.9% and 10.9%) of accounts receivable. For the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
three customers represented approximately 75.5% (32.7%
 24.2% and 18.6%) of revenue. For the three months ended March 31
 2015
(Predecessor)
 three customers represented approximately 84.5% (28.1%
 18.9% and 18.6%) of revenue.








 stock
warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to
be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 815-40
.&#160; The result of this accounting treatment
could be that the fair value of a financial instrument is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each
balance sheet date and recorded as a liability.&#160; In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability
 the change
in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or other expense.&#160; Upon conversion or exercise of
a derivative instrument
 the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified
to equity.&#160; Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under ASC
Topic 815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date.&#160; The
Company determined that none of its financial instruments meet the criteria for derivative accounting as of December 31
 2016
and December 31
 2015.








notes that may have conversion prices that create an embedded pursuant to accounting guidance.&#160; A beneficial conversion feature
exists on the date a convertible note is issued when the fair value of the underlying common stock to which the note is convertible
into is in excess of the remaining unallocated proceeds of the note after first considering the allocation of a portion of the
note proceeds to the fair value of any attached equity instruments
 if any related equity instruments were granted with the debt.
In accordance with this guidance
 the intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature is recorded as a debt discount with
a corresponding amount to additional paid in capital.&#160; The debt discount is amortized to interest expense over the life of
the note using the effective interest method.








which principally include cash
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 approximates fair value due to the relative
short maturity of such instruments. The carrying amount of the Company&#8217;s debt approximates its fair value as it bears interest
at market rates of interest after taking into consideration the debt discounts.


 establishes a framework
for measuring fair value under U.S. GAAP and enhances disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined under ASC
820 as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs. The standard describes a fair-value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two
are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value as follows:

&#8212;Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

&#8212;Inputs
other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data
for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

&#8212;Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.








price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but tested for impairment annually or more frequently when events or circumstances
indicates that the carrying value of a reporting unit more likely than not exceeds its fair value. The goodwill impairment test
is applied by performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If
 on the basis of
qualitative factors
 it is considered not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying
amount
 further testing of goodwill for impairment would not be required. Otherwise
 goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step
approach.


value of a company&#8217;s reporting units to their carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be
greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount is determined to be greater
than the fair value
 the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
 if any. The second step involves calculating
the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 of the
reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in this
step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value of
the goodwill
 an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. The Company performed a qualitative assessment and determined
there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.


cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Definite lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful
life using the straight-line method
 which is determined by identifying the period over which the cash flows from the asset are
expected to be generated. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015; respectively
 accumulated amortization was $340
126 and $62
500
 respectively.
Amortization expense was $277
626 and $62
500 for the year ended December 31
 2016 (Successor) and nine months ended December
31
 2015 (Successor)
 respectively. There was no amortization expense for customer relationships for the three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor).








equipment and customer relationships and are reviewed for impairment in accordance with the guidance of the ASC 360
 Property
Plant
 and Equipment. The Company tests for impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Through December 31
 2016
 the Company
had not experienced impairment losses on the long-lived assets as management determined that there were no indicators that the
carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.








&#160;
Stock-based compensation to employees is measured at the grant date
 based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized as
expense over the requisite employee service period.&#160; The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to other than employees
in accordance with FASB ASC 505-50.&#160; Equity instruments issued to other than employees are valued at the earlier of a commitment
date or upon completion of the services
 based on the fair value of the equity instruments and is recognized as expense over the
service period.&#160; The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based payments using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
for common stock options and warrants and the latest fair market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock for common share issuances.





Inventories and Provision for Excess
or Expired Inventory


 packaging
and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out basis) or market value.&#160; Provisions for excess
inventory are included in cost of goods sold and have historically been immaterial but adequate to provide for losses on its raw
materials.&#160; There was no reserve for obsolescence as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.








of building and brewing equipment and are stated at cost.&#160; Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based
upon the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets
 generally five to forty years.&#160; Major renewals and betterments
that extend the life of the property are capitalized.&#160; Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.








in major health and grocery chains throughout North America.&#160; Revenue is recognized upon delivery of goods to the customer.&#160;
An allowance for estimated returns is provided at the time of the sale.&#160; In accordance with the guidance in FASB Topic ASC
605
 
 the Company recognizes revenue when (a) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (b) delivery
has occurred or services have been rendered
 (c) the fee is fixed or determinable
 and (d) collectability is reasonable assured.








 which include
customer promotional discount programs and customer incentives
 are a common practice in the beverage industry.&#160; The Company
incurs customer program costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.&#160; Amounts paid in connection
with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses
in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 
 based on the nature of
the expenditure.








material costs
 packaging costs
 direct labor and certain overhead allocated costs.&#160; Costs are recognized when the related
revenue is recorded.&#160; Shipping and handling costs for all wholesale sales transactions are billed to the customer and are
included in costs of goods sold for all periods presented.



Advertising
 Promotions and Sales

Advertising
 Promotions and Sales


 promotional and selling expenses
consisted of sales salaries
 tap handles
 media advertising costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 and promotional activity expenses
and are recognized when incurred in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.








of professional service fees
 rent and utility expenses
 meals
 travel and entertainment expenses
 and other general and administrative
overhead costs.&#160; Expenses are recognized when incurred.










to the provisions of ASC 740
 
 whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and the future tax benefits derived from operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company provides
a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The Company has a valuation allowance against 100% of the net deferred tax assets.


in the consolidated financial statements the effect of a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
based on the technical merits of the position. The first step is to determine whether or not a tax benefit should be recognized.
A tax benefit will be recognized if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position is more likely than not to
be sustained upon examination by the relevant tax authorities. The recognition and measurement of benefits related to our tax positions
requires significant judgment as uncertainties often exist with respect to new laws
 new interpretations of existing laws
 and
rulings by taxing authorities. Differences between actual results and our assumptions
 or changes in our assumptions in future
periods
 are recorded in the period they become known. For tax liabilities
 the Company recognizes accrued interest related to
uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense
 and penalties
 if incurred
 are recognized as a component of operating
expense.




and is classified as a partnership for income tax purposes.&#160; The Predecessor profits and losses are reportable by the members
on their respective income tax returns.&#160; Accordingly
 no provision for income taxes has been reflected in these financial
statements.








by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average common shares outstanding.&#160; Diluted net income per share is calculated
by dividing net income by the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method or
the two-class method
 whichever is more dilutive.&#160; As the Company incurred net losses for the periods ended December 31
2016 and 2015 (Successor) and March 31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 no potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation
of diluted earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive.&#160; Therefore
 basic and dilutive net income (loss)
per share were the same.&#160; If the Company had net income
 potential dilutive securities consist of warrants to purchase 100
000
and 1
127
000 shares of common stock as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively.








 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued ASU No. 2014-09


 ASC Topic 606.&#160;The new
revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.&#160;The
core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date
 which deferred
the effective date of the new revenue standard for periods beginning after December 15
 2016 to December 15
 2017
 with early adoption
permitted but not earlier than the original effective date. This ASU must be applied retrospectively to each period presented or
as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.&#160;The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of this
ASU and is conducting its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.
After completing its review
 the Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon the Company results
of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new
standard.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 This ASU establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on the consolidated financial statements and the Company has yet to determine
the overall impact this ASU is expected to have. The likely impact will be one of presentation only on the consolidated balance
sheet. The Company leases primarily consist of operating leases with varying expiration dates through 2020 and annual rent expense
for 2016 is approximately $0.1 million.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-06
. This ASU is related to the embedded derivative analysis for debt instruments with contingent
call or put options. This ASU clarifies that an exercise contingency does not need to be evaluated to determine whether it relates
only to interest rates or credit risk. Instead
 the contingent put or call option should be evaluated for possible bifurcation
as a derivative in accordance with the four-step decision sequence detailed in FASB ASC 815-15
 without regard to the nature of
the exercise contingency. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning
after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
 (Topic 606). This ASU is related to reporting revenue gross versus net
 or principal
versus agent considerations. This ASU is meant to clarify the guidance in ASU 2014-09
&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
as it pertains to principal versus agent considerations. Specifically
 the guidance addresses how entities should identify goods
and services being provided to a customer
 the unit of account for a principal versus agent assessment
 how to evaluate whether
a good or service is controlled before being transferred to a customer
 and how to assess whether an entity controls services performed
by another party. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for
interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is evaluating the effect and methodology
of adopting this new accounting guidance upon the results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. The Company has begun
to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU
 and has started its review of the likely impact to the existing portfolio
of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption. The Company will also continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance
upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial position. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this
ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements
under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 (Topic 718). This ASU is related to simplifications of employee share-based payment accounting.
This pronouncement eliminates the APIC pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded in the
income statement when awards are settled. The pronouncement also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification
accounting for forfeitures and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for
interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. This ASU will not have
a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
 (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing. This ASU is meant
to clarify the guidance in FASB ASU 2014-09
&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Specifically
 the guidance addresses an
entity&#8217;s identification of its performance obligations in a contract
 as well as an entity&#8217;s evaluation of the nature
of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized over time or at a point
in time. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim
periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is considering the alternatives of adoption of
this ASU and will continue to review the likely impact to the existing portfolio of customer contracts entered into prior to adoption.
The Company will continue to evaluate the effect of adopting this guidance upon its results of operations
 cash flows and financial
position. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements
except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-11

Recognition
Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 EITF Meeting. This ASU rescinds SEC paragraphs
pursuant to two SEC Staff Announcements at the March 3
 2016 Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) meeting. Specifically
 registrants
should not rely on the following SEC Staff Observer comments upon adoption of Topic 606: (1) Revenue and Expense Recognition for
Freight Services in Process
 which is codified in paragraph 605-20-S99-2; (2) Accounting for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs
which is codified in paragraph 605-45-S99-1; (3) Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (including Reseller
of the Vendor&#8217;s Products)
 which is codified in paragraph 605-50-S99-1; and (4) Accounting for Gas-Balancing Arrangements
(i.e.
 use of the &#8220;entitlements method&#8221;)
 which is codified in paragraph 932-10-S99-5. This ASU becomes effective upon
adoption of ASU 2014-09
 which is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after
December 15
 2017. The Company has not yet begun to consider the alternatives of adoption of this ASU or its impact on its consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12

from Contracts with Customers
core principle of the guidance in Topic 606. Instead
 the amendments provide clarifying guidance in a few narrow areas and add
some practical expedients to the guidance. This ASU has the same effective date as the new revenue standard
 which is effective
for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements. The Company is considering
the alternatives of adoption of this ASU. Currently
 the Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements except that there are significant additional reporting requirements under the new standard.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The amendments
in this ASU replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current U.S. GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.
This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. The
Company has not adopted this ASU and currently the Company has determined there to be no impact of this ASU on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-15
 (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended
to reduce diversity in practice in how transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal
years
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and currently the Company has determined
there to be no impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued 2017-04
 (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The amendments in this ASU
simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test and eliminating the requirement
for a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment. Instead
 under this pronouncement
an entity would perform its annual
 or interim
 goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with
its carrying amount and would recognize an impairment change for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting
unit&#8217;s fair value; however
 the loss recognized is not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting
unit. In addition
 income tax effects will be considered
 if applicable. This ASU is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.



















































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016









was allocated to the net assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as follows:



    
    
    
8
500
000
    

    
    
    
4
500
000
    

    
    
    
6
995
000
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    




    
    
    
5
627
669
    

    
    
    
4
847
417
    

    
    
    
492
972
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
7
418
789
    

    
    
    
4
628
800
    

Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable
    
    
(7
526
874
    

    
    
    
15
488
773
    

    
    
    
4
506
227
    

    
    
    
19
995
000
    









    
    
    

 2016
    
    
    

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
364
647
    
    
    
48
449
630
    

    
    
    
(865
299
    
    
    
(407
156
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(130
619
    

    
    
    
(865
299
    
    
    
(537
775
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
900
106
    
    
    
16
789
376
    


































































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016









follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
260
000
    

    
    
    
140
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
900
000
    








fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired as of the date of acquisition:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
328
802
    

    
    
    
250
000
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
53
600
    

    
    
    
(121
416
    

    
    
    
510
986
    

    
    
    
389
014
    


































































Tabular disclosure of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination or through an asset purchase
 by major class and in total
 including the value of the asset acquired
 any significant residual value (the expected value of the asset at the end of its useful life) and the weighted-average amortization period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
458
582
    
    
    
46
928
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
798
    

    
    
    
3
962
050
    
    
    
143
494
    

    
    
    
4
420
632
    
    
    
196
220
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
878
800
    
    
    
250
000
    

    
    
    
(340
126
    
    
    
(62
500
    

    
    
    
4
538
674
    
    
    
187
500
    








 2016
 amortization
expense for the next five years for customer relationships is as follows:



Year Ended December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
391
920
    

    
    
    
329
420
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
308
587
    

    
    
    
2
891
574
    

    
    
    
4
538
674
    





































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







 the Company's property
and equipment balance increased by $7
418
789. The Company's property and equipment consisted of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
6
070
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
963
474
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
509
064
    
    
    
76
551
    

    
    
    
(256
337
    
    
    
(10
215
    

    
    
    
7
286
201
    
    
    
66
336
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
5
650
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
754
636
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
32
218
    
    
    
78
931
    

    
    
    
14
936
854
    
    
    
78
931
    

    
    
    
(4
562
179
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
10
374
675
    
    
    
78
931
    








of the following as of:



    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
December 31
 2014
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable
 net of unamortized&#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
689
    

    
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
3
689
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
689
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized&#160;discounts of $121
069 and zero
    
    
78
931
    
    
    
    
    


































































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









as of:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

Related party debt
 net of unamortized discounts of $30
039 and $36
331 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    
29
961
    
    
    
23
669
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discount
    
    
29
961
    
    
    
23
669
    





































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
208
349
    

    
    
    
215
410
    

    
    
    
201
093
    

    
    
    
192
000
    

    
    
    
816
852
    





































Tabular disclosure of key provisions of an arrangement under which the entity has agreed to purchase goods or services over a period of time greater than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including the item for which expenditures will be made
 minimum quantities
 milestones
 time period and committed amount.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options outstanding December 31
 2014
    
    
875
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
875
042
    
    
    
    
    

Options exercisable March 31
 2015
    
    
468
792
    
    
    
    
    








for the three months ended March 31
 2015 (Predecessor) is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2014
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable March 31
 2015
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    




for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
025
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
102
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    




for the periods ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding March 31
 2015
    
    
1
025
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
102
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2015
    
    
1
127
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(42
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
085
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants outstanding December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants exercisable as of December 31
 2016
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









of the assets and liabilities of the Company&#8217;s discontinued brewery and micro-brewing operations as of the Closing Date:



    
    
October 1
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
62
588
    

    
    
    
85
493
    

    
    
    
11
588
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
869
118
    

    
    
    
12
816
    

    
    
    
1
041
603
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
907
    

    
    
    
46
874
    

    
    
    
93
953
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
229
446
    

    
    
    
389
180
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
652
423
    

    
    
    
395
650
    

    
    
    
256
773
    








and expense of discontinued operations for the nine months ended December 31
 2015 (Successor)
 and the three months ended March
31
 2015 (Predecessor)
 respectively:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2015
    
    
March 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
510
216
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
366
852
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
143
364
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
660
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
550
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
126
154
    
    
    
    
    


































































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
2
139
000
    
    
    
728
000
    

    
    
    
34
000
    
    
    
18
000
    

    
    
    
(2
173
000
    
    
    
(746
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









net loss from continuing operations
 securities to acquire common stock or securities that are convertible into shares of common
stock are excluded from the computation of net loss per share as they would be anti-dilutive.



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
December 31
 2016
    
    
December 31
 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
889
608
    
    
    
15
403
925
    





































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016












    
    
    

 2016
    
    
    

 2015
    
    
    

 2015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
189
470
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
861
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
140
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
153
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
6
995
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
225
872
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Nature of Operations
 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies (Details Narrative) - USD ($)







Apr. 02
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


































000



















663




663











500


126


500


























127
000


000


127
000













000











































500


126


500











500


626













900



















































000







250














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








964
958


331
878





633
079







176









Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC (Details Narrative) - USD ($)





Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016








000









000


















506
227









326
108





355




355



Common stock issued for services
 shares





994





078
763






















293
















479
290




















714
463







065
954


367
606









714
463







500


626


















995
000









500
000









500
000









353
915


















506
227




































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of direct costs of the business combination including legal
 accounting
 and other costs incurred to consummate the business acquisition.

























































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))


















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC - Summary of Estimated Fair Values of Purchase Price (Details)









000





000





000





802



Property and equipment
 net

600





506
227










500
000





500
000





995
000





995
000





627
669





847
417





972



Property and equipment
 net

418
789





628
800



Assumption of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 other current liabilities and mortgage note payable

526
874)





488
773





506
227





995
000



























































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC - Schedule of Unaudited Pro Forma (Details) - Xing Beverage LLC [Member] - USD ($)



Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




364
647


449
630





865
299)


156)







619)





865
299)


775)


























900
106


789
376







Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Share
 Basi and Diluted.




























Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Discontinuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Share
 Basi and Diluted.

























































Pro forma basic earnings per share or earnings per unit
 which is commonly presented in initial public offerings based on the terms of the offering.
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC (Details Narrative) - USD ($)
Oct. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2015


B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC [Member] | Minimum [Member]










000



B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC [Member] | Maximum [Member]










000



B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC [Member]








000







479
290





B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC [Member]










000







000







479
290







000







416

































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term
 collateralized debt obligations due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer. Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC - Schedule of Net Assets Acquired and Recorded as Goodwill (Details)














000





000





000





000

































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Acquisition of Assets of B&amp;R Liquid Adventure
 LLC - Schedule of Estimated Fair Value of Tangible and Intangible Assets Acquired (Details)














802





000



Property and equipment
 net

600





416)





986





014




































The net amount
 measured at acquisition-date fair value
 of all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed that arise from contingencies and were recognized by the entity.

























































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.




























For transactions that are recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities in the business combination
 such as related to pre-existing relationships with the acquiree
 this element represents the disclosure of the amount of acquisition related costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















847
417







The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











582


928







798





962
050


494





420
632


220



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016








293
















500


626






















































628
800







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




126)


500)





538
674


500












878
800


000





126)


500)





538
674


500







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











920







420







587







587







587







891
574







538
674


500



































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property and equipment
 net



336


286
201


336


















215




656







411
























122


















100






















































































Property and equipment
 net





418
789






































Amount of depreciation and amortization expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




337)


215)



Property and Equipment
 Net

286
201


336










Property and Equipment
 Gross

070
000












Property and Equipment
 Gross

474












Property and Equipment
 Gross

064


551







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Aug. 02
 2016
Mar. 19
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 29
 2015
Apr. 02
 2015
Jan. 31
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2013
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014


















000






700
000

























931


966
815





Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly














































000


495





Debt instrument
 maturity date
 description
















































900
000





Inventory and fixed assets
 reduction amount

000















































  2018





















000
000






900
000
















































  2020






  2020

























127
000


000











































































734






734

























435
651


900
106





















931




069


575





















000






000





















434






425






















































000

























320


700
000

























466


940






















































073






















































000
































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly
















































500
000



























  2017




















































650














































































































































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly





















































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly











































































000






















































000




































000



























000

















































































153










































































689






























Monthly installment
 principal amount












































900




































Monthly installment
 interest amount

















957




































Monthly installment
 principal amount





236


934




218





















000


320




322










































Monthly installment
 interest amount











































































800
000





Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly





















































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly








































  2015





























000

























000
























































250



























000



























020































466


































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly










































000






















































250



























000



























020






































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly










































000



























250



























000



























020






































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly










































000



























250



























000



























020






































Percentage of seller's note bears interest
 payable monthly




































  2015



























000





















inventory and fixed assets
 reduction amount.



















































































































Amount of accumulated interest costs capitalized as part of property
 plant and equipment cost basis.






















































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.



















































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).






















































































Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

966
815


931





562
179)





Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts

374
675


931










Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

650
000












Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

754
636












Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

500
000












Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $98
575 and $121
069 as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

218


931







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015













575


069


931



































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero

966
815


931





Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero

374
675


931














Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero














689









689









689)



Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero

















Notes payable
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero



931


















931














Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discounts of $121
069 and zero



931









Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016






734






734













742









000













000




495






















320




700
000









000)















000













800




























073


























000




















000


























  2015













  2020
























000













000
































































































































































Latest date the outstanding debt instruments are required to be repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Earliest date the outstanding debt instruments are required to be repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Related party debt
 net of unamortized discount of $31
047 and $36
331

961


669










Long-term portion
 net of unamortized discount

961


669







Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015




575


069


931














039


331









Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016




  2019






















  2016

















054











000











000




















900




















250


























812






















795






















879






















965

































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















349





410





093





000





852
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Aug. 03
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















000
000




























734










734















000
000




000
000


000
000




























































Common stock issued for services
 shares













994



















326
108
































































600
000























































Common stock issued for services
 shares









000









Common stock issued for services
 value









200















































Common stock issued for services
 shares









000









Common stock issued for services
 value









000















































Common stock issued for services
 shares





427













Common stock issued for services
 value





500
































Common stock issued for services
 shares





571


130




476




250



Common stock issued for services
 value





000


000




000




000
































479
290


































































Common stock issued for services
 shares









714









Common stock issued for services
 value









000




























Common stock issued for services
 shares









141















































Common stock issued for services
 shares









000









Common stock issued for services
 value









880




























Stock issued during period
 shares









000









Stock issued during period
 value









200




























Warrant to purchase common stock
 percentage















































000






000













000 warrants were issued and expire between April 13 and June 10
 2016 






































000




000


000



















































000




000


000













000




000


000
































000




000


000
































807




807


807













807




807


807

















073











































Stock issued during period
 shares









000









Stock issued during period
 value









000























000





Debt converted into shares
 value













000






































600
672
























Common stock issued for services
 shares













000



















500



















000



































































Warrant to purchase common stock
 percentage.




































































































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































Description of voting rights of nonredeemable preferred stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also
 if any
 unusual voting rights.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014






000


127
000












































































000






















Common stock shares exercised
 value



000


























000


























000




















































































000
























































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.







































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















042



Number of options
 granted | shares




Number of options
 exercised | shares




Number of options
 forfeited | shares






042





792



Weighted Average Exercise price
 beginning balance | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise price
 granted | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise price
 exercised | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise price
 forfeited | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise price
 ending balance | $ / shares




Weighted Average Exercise price
 exercisable | $ / shares




























































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.





















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016


Number of Warrants outstanding
 Beginning Balance



025
000


127
000



Number of Warrants outstanding Granted
 shares



000


000



Number of Warrants outstanding Exercised
 shares





000)



Number of Warrants outstanding Forfeited
 shares





085
000)



Number of Warrants outstanding
 Ending Balance

025
000


127
000


000



Number of Warrants exercisable
 Ending Balance



127
000


000



Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Beginning Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Ending Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants exercisable
 Ending Balance

















Number of Warrants outstanding
 Beginning Balance

000


000





Number of Warrants outstanding Granted
 shares








Number of Warrants outstanding Exercised
 shares








Number of Warrants outstanding Forfeited
 shares

000







Number of Warrants outstanding
 Ending Balance

000







Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Beginning Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants outstanding
 Ending Balance








Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrants exercisable
 Ending Balance












Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Exercisable
 Nonvested
 Number




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price.




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Exercised in Period.




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Weighted Average Exercised in Period.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















650













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















588





493





588





118





816





041
603





907





874





953





446





180





423





650





773

















































































































































































































Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.




























Amount classified as accounts payable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as inventory attributable to disposal group
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as prepaid and other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015













216







852







364







660







550







154
























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















Net operating loss carryforward
 federal

800
000





Net operating loss carryforward
 state

800
000

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











139
000


000





000


000





173
000)


000)







































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016




318
764


889
608



















318
764


889
608

































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016

















470
















000









000











154



Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC





995
000



Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC





500
000









872














861











































Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC








Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC


















































Common stock issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC.

























































Promissory note issued for acquisition of Xing Beverage
 LLC.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























Segment reporting
 description

 with the sale of the Company's brewery and micro-brewing operations
 the Company now operates in one segment.   Accordingly
 no further segment reporting is required as of December 31
 2015 and for the period then ended.







Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 23
 2017
Feb. 17
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017






285
714


















857









250
000







850
000




200
000





000




000
000









500
000














000
000









000


















500


















500




























































































































































The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.















































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !.#?TH?(\\#P    !


*(Y'!R;UI:.G#@8K;.QF;+4UBQ-C:R1]^SE9
MFS*V!]C1TN]/GT-=+T$9]C'S2PW0W^K9+TH0U.Q$%9#,;U.94YTN7GH

WP 0CC#Y]%] NQ+GZ)W;N +LDQ^26U# 
Y2#F7-Z!



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
;)2Q:AL/2-*]

M4K&[G-0#





MDH$SFR92.C(_ $:R0@PJY

J
M
^;&?@1WSP$
F=ET##K\$1
_@KOM$&9.!38QCOT(Q%4!
#
6P;#7L6]EDCBW
MT8#))FZ

P


.6

M3TWZAN+=D':A
?=;_P-02P
$%     @ $X-_2L5[T&
.!   7Q(  !@   !X








S$X\I7?]D
59;B\^8VOJJ&FX./OJ=+LUN80.+]_K_WG
?F0S'/9^4U3


5(F)K)CW3CB1HG(C:
SQSJ-*G9#==(Z 8G!

7HM82Q)6 F:H%&Q'-MPR@!C+4B
M


MAE'J H0K$IYXM@*%JXIA!AQ=9:%
H6-/5%E8-WM5N;?$XQ4H7W5
-*#@1!?V
MW-@/(Y/&I!8J#UB@A-4$:!2=%85TA*B4:4II$D-&_*010I9'1.-T9!U]K'F
MW@G/5@2
9U8I9AXK42:2XRQ27/?OTZ(.!TJ ZU2^RGR6$6*51TS#DM 2P


6*653KYS(0Q'M
M]R\S'F-(






ONSF



M+^;63-JUL\]TMU+/GA=9/(O.)D\G6;:2^$;B*%:^(ODGB73]*T0
0L0V/KV%


W


$.@X97K=/T



$%     @

M65UOZD80_2N(=\+N['=$D *H:J56NKK5;9\=V 1T;4QM)]S^^]K&EYB9V31Y

7ZI)_5H46?7O


M'O\




01N(6L&HFXA&PIY]S-O*5YY L=S

XKPAI 4?'D+2HD4

SKA@ 1(YD@G%D9^N(LEJP:


M%;V95#Y@X(8#0@@B)8[ BR
PXHCT80U4]+!4

M!#E
B0%:!8EF!WB9!2JS 2]G0.5S%MI-1R=%P/\L&4 7FB!BWVM0:JGS
P

M:P;Y\2OC518L$8^06%V!UT2@FACPTC%@_)BMN!.XO^9AJ:T(KX9 &\^ EXT!

BBXF5145G$





3H=C63RU


M?V_*C]/5]TES*U^KZEMS\=O3_31J


%=%=



MTR'S
Z*O$!5%?6:!&-5GEI*Q#%FA
+K/K!%#?29'C+DP
Z?(118-9=%M -
+

2LK;DMG
6:48
MO5G8Z)689]UX

OX'C
@


MM70A3B-EN&\&P:1

F..
XL YA5 +/6X#C*M;PB?N:0

/
WUIL%G3R*R)

M7'L5O\ 9D7@O95


0!(J50KE8A7




$%     @ $X-_2IQ'J&4W!P  $RP  !@

-'33[XVE8

8]4Q$T^B<A247<K2^P2\45-A78IR+!J*M1-#&
MR)100L0C Y0732VPJP6PM39
.QK08TMM(W/C%K;22=,?%I49J1RFKO@&  

)/%Y5 R=2;-
M?#PZ0)=[J2US0TM


R.J[N8D
$=4IZ7+!W8R8KA+0
MU1!S4!&EQT7-M!3




=W-0W&M$GH:@8#NIJ@HI6AF$;=3Q#N4O?38)@;T#O@(F
MFRNZGP93TR1T/X
!RTTG



MACN0
A!Y&;\G3CJ7#





M *G7J6JE33IUVO8Y!P:B)C%-PM'^^R6!8ZQ#^T)LX^?Q8\?)!C2OM@5PY%U)



2=9YLP9S+//)9*U$H?D
M'WBR#M^M*MQ%^.XOA=?K!.DJ01H)TO^VN)9S\ZD(6\Q4@6GB-EE28J_C)B^B


M.@Z[Z06Q^1D7OP%02P
$%     @ $X-_2I=\K2*U 0  T@

M'P

EXF3CJG#
#E^8W]

M]M:AFEB\%
5?QUWHN _CS2Z=8.N 9 (D





M:&5E='


XW76I$O(0%R?W]4_Q]JQ

)L.;?OY!;/G&
MY1]02P
$%     @ $X-_2D H-B2U 0  T 

E-2NH)WW_9$Q5W6@N+LQ/6B\
M:8Q5W*-I6^9Z[R.)59NMO=






3)

$9
M6Q'O

?
M_B&PWQ381X']_RI\#TD.V5\QV*JCFP;9\F1R@PZSO'*NXSK?7Q]@:?9OT;
MMZW0CER

\8I[&YP@#K\7HLAH?'A^ '/=AJRR?FG_\/6SYQ^0=0
M2P




MD8OQ^+*Q_Y4Q'E#*Y@9'J

$
M%     @ $X-_2MOR$%:U 0  T@




MH =*:FCX(/V#&3_#7
\[2N;BO\(5)(8')9BC

V0;9)
$ INQL<H0X_V&)(:'PXWN+93F,V&=[T\P]BRS<N_P!02P,$%
M  @ $X-_2O'D5=.S 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
30N



MWO
6OH/[T9^
M]C4@L%V@K4Q$!3T-O=X9B%^!CP(&TJS
)E9P1GX+QI2YH
M$@2!A







MX/@9YGIN*9F+_PI7D#X\*/$Y*I0VKJ0:K$


[8BWGGQUGNOY?Y#FK-K
M()IC3E-

:%XWM_-M.838;#?OY!;/G&Y1]02P
$%     @ $X-_2CY%
M=-:T 0  T@

M







MXEH 3UZUZEQ.6^_[ V.N;$$+=V5ZZ/F-E8+CZ9MF.LMBJ2M&(\2:Z9%K*C
@


M03!47T+PK1!'_H'.M^F[S0QWD;Y;TY-D6V_*;/ OO_EO@1PY-_BV2KGFJP
M39PF1THS='&25]YE8.]X?)-W^#3M/X1M9.?(V7A\V=C_VA@/F$IRA2/4X@=;

!V@7N0,AA



MCC=XMM.8388W_?R#V/*-B]]02P

  !D

H






S5])V**G&FP=I\F1PO1M




M2]RHM; _SZ#

:/A9.N*0-P

M.-^'9[L*LPC/_E#X=I_@L$MPB 2'_Y:X$Y








MQ


M$R=[ZGM3!6=L1;SSXJWWGDN:)#DY!Z(YYC#%T%7

MNJDPC?#T@\+_$&2;!%DDR#X0I)]*W(K)/B4AJYY*


ISN

$%     @ $X-_2@KH2SBQ 0  T@




;R3=_BX
M[3^%K5OMR-EXO-DX_\H8#UC*Y@97J
$'-CL2*A_
.[3MN&:CXTTWO2 V/^/\


)
M?7

U_ #_LSM9M-C
4DH-K9.F)1:JC-XFA^
NQ

M4

#PHP1R%42ZNI.B=-WIB02E:
M/(^[;.
^C#?\9H*M _@$X#-@'_.P
5%4_D5XD:?6#


MUK)UY&P\OFSL?V6



ZW;1IM+2=+I


@51&=]G3KJDC
#U^87]?:H=:[D(#_=6?9-U

C4N


=;\\]!R(9I
M







P

M81989 9%9E.+/5$$;@B3D4F0





CT=+(? H#
M=J.X'%0Z:5O-P@*V0V7 PHRO9S8#8%\NR5W/6/#Y=%URRK:B7/K6O6[V;$C




 #.'9%-X^_
B1=)

2JA8@
W+W+\!G
]49S\3_@ MS7296

F(9_Y(S




@






M


M

7@O-&SJ:BQ=.TRR[N
MXW2SYS-MF\!G E\(:8S#ID Q\X_BR*S9B1VZGTOPA/OCAQ[4P9G;$6\P^0=

MARAP^*_$#R]*W

M


MDNRZ7JH72Z0.SR%%T=FH]*MI 2QZ%UR:'+?6]@=3-F8.9&]2#=2:VT8-:9





GK+DV%5
M/X\I6?X5Q3]02P




O/W

2HM;%Q1-5BG
MY:SB4Y'L;=JYBOLXW:3)3-LFT)E %T(6XY I4

F!


O WM'X
M)I_P:=I_


MA]&L;.0[N2CUZIVO58X37Q (**UG8&ZYPB

A76<=E(ZI\43Z)Q EX1]T&34*C\
[.LR+0:D9[.OF?^BC='
MZLZF]

2)_I?.HVG;Z
5

M0:4:NC NJ^@R%0_AI9!_\&FDOC/=\
Z@B[+N^81+KI6RX$I)[EPMK9OBQ1%0

_2N('U#NN+1K




KXIT7;[WWG/.;)&7G0#3%'
88OHC9SA'
L\\I



RYX;6QM4]MNVS 
_15!'U E2KJF

[
'A36Z=%0-



L0IO3 R45U*)7X<D.GV&JYY:2J?BO< 6%



M4(=XO



M5K:E;*JJE5IIE:KM



=FY+U9:G)MA&PC/(0\9$D4G+^G



$%     @ $X-_

M_J+=BBPJ-1
@#5



Z$

M
^8\8=(59K




M3\'XW)0T8) 0NT _?;#1Y RD#D9?Q:..F:



D;[SKP-YG\4W^AL_3_I6;



M970S-RYX;6QU4]MNG# 0_17+'Q OAJ31IRJ:)$:J55JC;/7AC BB_$-DOZ

@6*F7]ECI6YT2



.$X:N

F(%Y]4&W0ASH/W2Z34\W
TPC/5W3D_\(9)L
M613(_BHQ^U3B%N;Z4QRZJD$T\9ILJC2@XJ3O/(N WM'XYM\P*=I_\Y
RY5%
M)^W\R\;^-UH[\*GLKOP(=?Z#+8: QH7C%W\VTYA-AM/]_(/(\HW+/U!+ P04


PF57!&?@_&I


Y
M+GAM;(U8VV[;.!3\%4$?4(DWR0YL XTOV05:(.ABVV?%IF.ADNA*3-S^?:E+

MEZ.JRTR;R_HY:LZUS Y=4%E$-(Z3J
SR*EPMNGN/]6JA7G215_*Q#IJ7LLSJ


M_HM\E86!MTQ

\Q-!YCUBXFY6/(!J49
M0[8NQ$+L;B=Y0!!RQ41F.JYS0N&<TX!'R6PF;H8GEA4/X2
:#!(@P$:S%H:



MS!KR9@86@*:Q





M0;&
*9*QTTH Q'U=CU5

M&%8QFZ#B#0()^Z4$@CQ]S3P?-4#JPN.R#$N=39#Z&H&$I^L95C$#*A:^+SBL
M8C9!Q5L$$JG=2@CDZVNL8@94+#Q&S;*V005;Q HL=_,(,C7UUCJ#$@]\1@U
MQU+G$Z2^1B#?UR;'*N9 Q8GO.QVKF$]0\1:!$@NT@R[KZ-W&TCMKN37K'[.

M?P%02P


1KFQ#P*#25H&:Y0I[8




(PV=T;D(=$F2Z.,
MW/F@Q97C(,_NZU1!)2Z=FPR+ZCP GF-W93_@X_3X3N6Y[51P%-I<?'<]:R$T
MF&Y63R9Q8P;6?&!0:[O-S%Z.G^UXT**?)A*:QV+Y%U!+ P04      3@W]*


2YX;6R55VUO
MFS 0_BN('Q#LP]BF2B*UB:9-VJ1JT[;/-'$25
 9D*3[]S

%^SR#L#<);#5AOP-X

MU&



M0BG#R [\O[ K=V+4G1AQ1UH\L1LW%W'




ON.M-U:GWLKVK!


MZ 4'D7D. 3DDYL@\X)((_-Y#@4Y-.:P $,C3(&%R#&,82& =M! 8=%'%JP
MN=UP$




MV#$H.)0W6#



/NO
M 1D

YNMMKO7-2GS


M)LI HFQ&1!$*B  -UBR.0LFB.$29F$@YO%P22\
#:[AP].!Q!F)

M)) F/)02/!0*H]BF !8J! 3*PDJ%9F]GBDN$


M?TH;5V]:. (  

MVZ[:



X


MQ[T03


$%     @ $X-_2J[S0T73

GHQ1I-FOVH

A^
MN@/H?!$5_P%02P



M'8C16\'O&GHYFWNFDQ/G'R;X7NS]P!0$#


M#:*90;AY8! Y#2)K$

P=8
V3M#& 8H6H
VZ

MP9


M#1)71;!==%6HR?)!PD4C


M9&5I!@'2#$HB#6V)'Y/3.?/X /@QP&PV



_$Q:@5-^%$]62L$@N+2T6PUW@/

M6$L


MT


M9R3Q9OL!2.P$B1T@VP5(O-J%;!



MY[:L+.A)D*:#+7/XJ6TQ^[



76
M:[(\7

N^L HV8U8!!-Y@4W4/6%DAX#]F8D*N.)SU.1I'-Z J9M'
MA D)9SXW)@393836:H6:'MU5:RXQ8!*-Z88\\PCEH5TGLNI$ADZ:V_FQE1]_
M['



.K5R8KPE4H7\C$3/@1P-J:4H
M\+P$M:3IW(SN3TO
G:1M.E@SQUQ:5O_]X#94/N^NY+XK$YUU(G4)'UY P_
M0/[L]UQ%:*YR;%KH1,,ZA\,I=^_\78DUW@!^-3(Q=S13@Z




M/=%&#[ZU\V

M5H_T'% X23W%:L['IVH
).NG5QC-?P7%/U!+ P04      3@W]*JO^6Q1L




M550 TGEO:MV;B5EMT5(GIHB'A@';3J3LEX0Z2:\C
2'0=2F**&HL#S-J@A

M5S



4Z


1V
MT

1?MA-2TZR#I.D?A2'=E!J

/6!^U/PL]U*YPCD^J

%]R






MN=&RZJP8*15_;MNB=NVU_9

E;R
:'0(^(C



MAO
4X'V+\EH@_5KKJ0$.I#.)X
MPM'$=02(HXG-!_2BN .F
C&EQ$&FEH3/-'!SW1*)[(&\+0#/^\0J0B(3:TJ

HHY%D^


M=#4S+GAM;(V576^;
!B%_PKB?C48;$)$D-9



M-_W )MD)\6P'7P^;
+) P&&OK0
SS06VP+DU
AB_1\]P6M(6WO:O[I]==I-E
P;[L]*B
M&5T


MY7!##@
MNO'R1]


M&*U7




TG=Q6=XOOJ_WG^O%#


W%@#WQGXL0:A

QC;
MQUPB3-G'7&





M2G(2@0+Q0R3+ 
U*5CX] I4RF&%0/QHB5P;H57)2[($4&1O!7 #@T%00R3)
MCY*7O@#(
T=$M0R0K20YW('2R4
5KQQQ1!3) +E)JC0'_?9BB*64KI_C^C$1


0Z]%+(@(E

R$4YHNF:(U FQ:MDRS^D Y&

MQ1 ^EJ #RHF

M



M7(F_AV
90J= V!\0^[.

 G?;



M
3 #[#X&XK5**[_P=.*L#^AW0V55GIW8RM
N%_1OR7:94U_WE:94+_C)A-
MFLI






MGO-7
_EZW/B!(:*



M








 .WE9@]2L&4

X8.())OZ
MV-TBDAED?PM9I2

 L':9U
MF
UZL5K
W-ZBHC@*ES.Q_2ULM=XD\YKQY*3L4_M-Y(FV*C@*;0[='4TMA :C
M&#Z8^]N8UST&#&IMIRLSE\
='P(M.O]\\?@/*3X 4$L#!!0    ( !.#?TH'

M
!#\*XCW'AC
1R(2J4E4M5(K15==^^PD3D 'F-I.N/[[VH:@'%Z:W O89F9G

Y..52#WC+
MK$G^I/*EV;+5<\;HAR*BM:B8+7#Z7'A?D;S#8HTP2!^%;05-VU'I[)C[%5W



A

'K
#P;]8

MSF5!%1) !4\4DD^H)**JFM8BWZU%+Y-TS V5F]Y?9QL9,_1;DP[N ;T5(
M)ERBB7T$W5\^ZQ[TX#)'\#Z H(T@'O9H

M26L -)D07-\(*G!+)GIH8_1NCA=]0?A!^*FHA;-C4IU4YCPY
B:IND_J9Y
MNI


$%     @ $X-_2D.[(U%!



M8G9*#_R9RY^GQTK=!5V475;PLLY$Z55\/_?OT72#(TUH$+\R?JU[UYY.Y46(




MDYQ9#3)7;HA



M4*AUY
;J-9:!%Q3[2MT(B16@3P83-\-O9$U&FF4


1O=6$*X


M5HJN:OO;@26@LS&UG7!]^]J&4$*L4__$WF5FF-D89R
7+[(%4-XKH[W
4:O4
ML
=85BTP(I_X +U^TG#!B-*E.&



004*F44B%ZN4 *E1DC;^#UKHN65


\@:SA5H1?])2[;ZVED*HTRVW=Z+Z:/;RH4'^9[!2^76_$7

M:&5E=#8P+GAM;(U4VXZ;


MV[^O;1Q$@5;[@GT.
\.
L9WV7+S*&D!Y;XRV
D.U4MT!8UG4P(A\XAVT^DW%

-W*4]L[BSSE-T6;%L[DS?&B/C]#)3W&0K0
(F%6=.15MA
MY&T8F]:.O=-_T-8)H2.$(R&(_TN('%Z+R%VA'A&P$


?K?9;F9FEZ@@#/QD)G9:PK:[?12L


_MA3%W'7-;^
MB0T^]YYS@4/NXL+%LSPRIH*7IF[E







6L
UG0EU
GLR$

!D!M


Z_

X'=
M15QWN5J)ZRY29O-UC29_]@T3!]-YR6#+3ZUI^R:S8W=W1TRS\ 8?6L-O5!RJ




M_[ZV82DE[@OVC

S/&DT^

JFPO7=

8K-W
IKD*R?F%1

P9O
$'Z%X


SOVC F05%Z#RKK5LVCU:#02+U-U)[/KW(V)!N7@8/6

ML;;E2DJR??OJP!@FYZ?%O=CX\)
SY' ^#BFO/^OF9_M65=WBUVZ[;R^7;UUW


'JZOUH7RM_JRZ

M%

M;NKM/YOG[NURF2X7S]5+^;[M?M2?]Y4=D%HN[.A_KSZJ;2\?/.EM/-7;=OQ_

'FV@; -1&P#:1O(V ;*
M-EQ#;1MH(\-TO.#-K:!B;60V@9IK(7,-L@\ZLI?N.NV[\FK=U)^+9EK3

+&[_HUT?:??EPIDZU7'T-'5G


!&:$MPPD'8_11G@QO)^5

Y+AOH

 ;?[BN;6BT\6C57#I8&AQ4*)D*M %QA&G. *SDM)=(U6&




US[E

%#@\19+6-.94D$[]BFQ&YSN#$ES3Q
M=2)\9Y(I

1HB
N*C)@4@G/N=G1*XS&#*20D8G)$S@1B?AM!*9U[EW
MDQA:BD)+)_[\0%$ C@K32%$:J4#B*DP9%7%-G2MZH\


QK#5!
4L6*W/4A4Y_K]TB74ETQWY_K.MX--T






Z8MZ

M\=I?RZ:[7OHW$=9FL '6!G@PD+%O&03:(!@
@ML&H38(WPUN4XJT0?1.*;QI

5S


M-(Y@D2- G3@PXT1V_6^E!
L8 1K-T@D7L$B1K5*K*FL$R73J5
(R1;9.PVRB
M9R%8J
A6*D ULPH[]2
+RQ3;
ITJ*88%B&T!6F=ZHT'C
QU/[S^&!8AM 5H5

W-G24R/4/#%:'8;R^VXH

MY#WK)^S^0=!6?SUXPR?
\A]02P



)YBX.)-UI0J[[UE
MG=SZM5+]

MOE#&C)/.X]=DZL]

O7*AT]T

M&



38XT5\BA/8( *3C*Q!_(]!ZB0Y:A*KZ:PFSY(@7DDT
M!CDQP



MD_[E:]V

$%     @ $X-_2I
W
(DJ( S($GW[6? I<$^3M


MNWW;33B+V2';L9^L_75XK



M9]A*?S:KK




@'0.JS\1&0SH-DKA$G@#@!
MP%'J(-4U?JB@!!K*)Y\:44*($@(4M6!TC882ZBC$C0
C3 1A(@ 3*']ET6UU

MSA*H-0U$.@L%+$EH@

N[I/ORJ9 V+@)<FZJ NDB

EI/3:.+C&FP?1+DG[Z:)OG(N5%LAQ39H?K&DZ);
V&OH\CK(C73
M^UZ77M=


MD*VZ



!#^*Y9_0$U
85L$2$NK:I

M[K


M:.'O[ @&3WKKM @8NB/SHP/1I2*M&
^RDFDA#6VJE-N[IK*GH*2!O2/^I+5P

9^Q3#D7YOPFTUX(LBO'A6WB;(


M
KO#VQSPK:^!@CY$]Q/Z;K[Q.0AV7!XS6_^HYC]02P
$%     @ $X-_2C/@

F<9QV7ZH?[')ZV2.5+(7WORNSZK:










(R(P$PC:Q]/$3EL'X/V



MBK4$1(L8N
41T./S6BT!T2(&[G#DMOB\6$M LTB!^QM!#8[G&%?D8(+)+&F8
M.-NQ*[T#O[9VYD]VQ]&^P786_97W]X*O5)RK5GI[KO1$LW/GQ+EB.I3P26=\





N-^-H=Y)XHKD)X40(

W

WNJ6J&B



2YX;6Q]E-N.






MQ%.#33!KPVH2HVEM&R%^#(*9;K_4K:/-5';'$SMY8@=/...QFM7D'!PO:9:J

Z*E)DYF+!]*+ ::
M_ AZ
'TG_%RWPCLRJ?XI\^67C$E0=L&#ZJI2LW 
*)12;]=JS^U$L(%DW3#L
MT#AQ\W]02P






$776A47
8-/Y
LPON)?E:


MMZ\Q+ OV)$HN G;^F?ELS*_)[
K%FSPQIKSWJJSEW#\IU3P'@=R=6$7E$V]8

A&
+HW0549X#!
@HH6M;^8F;FM6

VF.OWU2?ZC9
M!H[O/[)_


M?0#Y#$C
;G5+
7NSH8HN9H)?/=$]WH:VIP@]$[W[NW;2;+;Y36^/U+.719+E


0

D1E)W6YGE) UAE!A$B0$49*&X
;]R$!86P684






:K5'MI*+
M$._6^%;E.+() 8-26P9JEBL\ V.6R*3Q


2'I[WZ@ML7Q
3%W4UJGNPIW
M9I)7QGLM=H=]1JZ6:
Y&P1!J42 ,2\9U$'
O0E:-XR ;]V05






?!27RIE!H*RZ


BN)E$(^9YP$0/&/R(V4*8Y!&S@S#IA FTSDEL!(J-; +\

Q+LN$FM


MH* 

(KB (
M*&NVMA1&R,C=X$*KB,(*0H7T@!EP@$U0A'K5LD0+7!W=EC;@_?B;C4K?0.

9S:0T?Q;KR1!-.UJ/P+4$L#



3[


7DCR.6SI;W&4-
(NC/%W'B^ R
MS[=Q5@%VVC#$K^D2L#/*7F$YR^I[?XOSIA.17=S%FS0KDO53

M
)@]1QE@V

]W=Q?7]\%T
M-KNXG[VK_!SESQ4\G\^1C.5!%L_CY&OTL(S#8!T70?H8P-FE+[0J( G!(MT^
M%(_;91#)*^6A+M=?8=]IEE1QZS:+-U&R.)O0&5S.#DCVGQ#*@Q%WR+\CRN


BSAM&+1WHCO5=NZ
8:&_7 F

M^-Q?2'FXNYB/:!




M72SA#*(B .H2KQX @;2L$=)3G4'8[PWX:#S]B$J1&JZ61X0@!/I FGR3J8
G
5(TH)I %3L
M


MY2ILY_
XST'(:
+]NXM?+ZX_7\R(:%=!G!







M;


M6$1EK!U*(AIMT2#^LD-)/)O.?@D^7-W\YJL$((]/S^XO?ZTW*.(56
(5J SV
M'*W1:X

AZ0UII


$%R&@QF_7;P=19;OGCAF;
MM?

MLE+3

J

_N.
M5\G1(U:#94S7ZF&9/#688793VL=D#5#:S8S0DG/VR_3ZXP40B !I1N6)#'/


M DB=(ZZM .A;N#
9$9ME]$+0P;])VL$/O\%1P3Z+E&RKTTV6+(/ND.2EMO/N


M\/HG8?#RG



7Z]..G
M&_[CEP]G


M0&]?@T]XCZ-DG?]
6[A8Q]G3JSN?NPN@1M$J69_&:T#S9YC#[NM:[XM'X-W\

:TBQI]A2MDWF(TP5F.N 
2&_AZ+_(PT$11WR:]HR HBW0



M&[V%\


M$NOT*8O9Q^ ..[V=6N(.ZXF!J3J#*@8(7G2K
GZ-LB3=YI[W78L 



M]Z!!TPGI$@(


(LMFAQC8*G):#V
M^O01+GFH^4(P1[GA
8N#+A/9

MB:+5/-[@

MB9J0&]](23B
X


M&6?YN.WZ21IU?8GVH!(G&P+F0V$:F


M8'1SW4':LO9S38SJ\41YEXE4.(&J











:7/EF0HU,PS 1%DW1V)(\)6C'6J&A
M!6%*]X*%+#5IP\=7Y/ZO3NC^1$#M1D:4W0

B(^\NAS:&=3AKT:HRD!



M7:HH%RV(]3)[GK7CPXT&%6A.R=0LI*#M=Y-BN NR;\$'QP%S+)UHMJ&$ )S
M $7G[TR/&) E*P\]IS'SG!LX2A:5J6!\!'-A&M0M
1H-J#XH9

1=%&6LN'%+0*5S
6YO:BOF*=;






 I3]&0+'8_)ADP'ZV+:;N O*ICQ]S\=!0P
M.Q4#RJV57][%)I1%!'ZWVMTXAO#HN<+-76J,TO:#Q]PHOHDD8.=92EU5O



MGN;&HI5+

.613^%V\<<9M)4BN@I









\2)L8:$\Q3+Y@K(KO+=V3#QEHLH(^J3AX*P9=Z*0
M/:+SE(./-W%&#B DY:+3LI*@

M/TB
AG+G8&L#RBV%&,:VW%WM5LV,-LW.PZX12D5UTHBT4M#![9L4=@$=N5

MGI5T^376MA87V

4QQFM+H

/O


8W75DI+YC\DB:BM-
M5)%\T0:*BA'_)2IA?H6H:


3;B21T4;]/4D^J

M4I48N%;Z&G
T))R)K9FD)'@FL@ ;2
VEJ\
M1$UBUZ4?BTOT;W,2= &13H%UCDGT6!7($.-K].K^&IH0U!?-9&O-@@&)!E

M:L
$'U$T@B
 (

M%L
$
@\L'$?2
P#




M@SM^J)
'[2JX!

MGK5AX 9*BFF#*:JJ8Y
I4 TU

S)$( (^+P.!UUQLK$V(T


0?'76&N#


M2RK

WDR!T=/Y LA_=? \*#:7 &:'\
MH2\9)&YJ&OZ)ZA-=-HILEU@S *.3*%.)6F8\RDU$@?'!V^-0!K;^H7,AXG4
M8F^G)A:@@G)!X%]R?







!J*=G%J



P\=C(8A(^M
ML00$+H9R6%'YD
BTEE3$P?]L^)A\AI(+#0#RUH5E#7NZV)?$I#-H0,/A2WX
MF!^
M+VR/)L$QFI9











YNJF7.:@]H/9=9 G$/R
HO7$G['
MGAU3^

M7
C-I5V/1


?P_LH!51W2V &QYE&


M5]Q9+SB5NZ@#'3R0ZH
MWDBC7+LU1]&MK0M/)I1^3:YQ)$XFWX:?]JLDL/MB_HPZ_8(,-'P64I13JRZF
MAX))JEYP<K.IJDI.WX9$:O'V5NY?2_UM%WKM^'&@K<LYL'ML#<$^;(_@@_]

Y&7:

77:I]


MPUJN**RDB^(5.S[%Y%EX)HG]'5E






2U







^(J2


M=IO#U9!


M'@M;1.O



E <[(HJ%Z^I';:2,E3#A1*NL5?C)K[V:C?NVO1^NJWI!JW
.8<C!J_*CDO)*@WG:VMY-#T5

3



M#

KV

 SA55T015/]P)ZU@YK2
M#GLC@ ZL_DBFJ@F.I!.NR2K8T89,A^BM/;1AFQB?F6@@[,YT&T8 6R-@A7H

BLV#6LE(
^
MG-B]H#


M8:F]@!E==H;KO;I\?W
7;);;G!U%3]@N#C52K/V/1+/;Z@Y^PG(FO5:[_1
R


MH*XQ0.*%U]M&DZ(R)'6;1+V=
-(
MB%P< 6H0[)U,#<GPU 3$]D4S2W0BG%(N.+IU5D/.J&$^VPO=^YRY4TRD%


W=
ME60^N=GU@V:DH:88PS;W6_3C0

1VWP0E6 -'94:FTL@%ZU1T(
MPO&73!&T&P

MI6&NFGXH*N-L&N/X8F3%1AWT3^SYE\43I

M
R/%04MUJM8+;;QBX0(=S)G-.='A#41()(
9]YJLJ)!@H6N56U+#Z*VX?N;?




M1/5[;.]0B9*+\/XG2I2MX

M
%5CM:420^'AL)?S=/D*P$&


 3=J:[HLALA M2YQ:W;Z&$L-7RG=K=\S&84I'(]#JV\C
M#12B;Y5:RXH0(R*'@/6[(
QX2(BZSZBQ7TR&)7657*U.!'R2XZA(;^&&-W)
:$Z
M3$6=]$JF6?IJ0Y*=WLQX
%@API=XB)R^J6@ $\E0B;D-9?*09RS@W=3D4I+




LO0-J)[PR_*D23G



MZWXW'/6[ZG?S& 5U=H(F
X%J=AB9J+$## ;'F
B'O^=4M)MKD(OP2$6J$K]/


+4W:FRIK;VZU^@UVX09Q62?=KJ(OE(4L\K@35NK+YAV-





:I_Y-'_=R40
GYZ[;'8:\_X9R_+B6B2
8?_=L
M3WJ
M3?!WR]U1^W.3?O:U RXZ?+FG2XE'.!36IGQ EQL&)
=.@60A\ GU3($S3J3#


FPY1U.5KN(\(9PSP]-[[D[$Z
#\YU=\A%C.TZ
M63)CF_L#=2



M7WPO^

Q1
MJ]=V*\*SDP\=JMCX


)O3&5BS4*



M;C?ZK(6#(\]&0*O3(3E#&@T62M*A[


]$)E


M'Q

7?V$
M.!&7B) 7J0
;'4Y290][N[)+$:[AK9A-F8ZZ%SDNZB+#XT5(BHJ4/G5X@P

G]*FGVO
-X 2


?64$



4;U3PUJ4


W=2HFN=UJ]3QL&B8C*A?#




M;#/6(%'J(5LJON5P
LD\X.-KZF\F_6GUX



M0-!I5]BU)YRT1TIGK^S8KGO4_6$X'O7UP8G#1:Q;DHPUW6Q)KUP,NAYX+)_
MOVFD+K8!Z6O0+0\AO3/ZXS;;ML_HMR #8-NV._VN
6A$7F$D*DK;$.. I20

J)=8;VB[BAB\'X7#(=;#ORQEI063<##@'_:WL(=K



HEJ5X



MPX%=WUR9U

M.7E




XVFVYBOW;!K2]B.SR2AL@XZZ8

D/TQG[X/I[RX3S= X[KC
M=AA4%U=;2;$?.LD5NABM%:_]KE&K:+U]A-V1E1A/ ML_ ;?^TQ^[@_;/\^?H
M3W_LC/H_ [K8+H4)Y;X?$**![(0D %

GN*UK!
S
PF@2X


H2%(IA?B%:W=.]AOQN.!Z
&X12CZ4GJ



M9)Y\
_7$'W4NC1\

MF#%H







!P6Z/PJ^GN:83Y^^K(6Q30!IIB]NL55IU3]&]!-2X..[
RW5DK2




H[H0GAA5/Q?PHA*WMOV8E=OYSRB7WF
M(



M-B?O.#
Z[5U/79:IRV*CBNK(=
WLG7H0@+KKG(
F539R!Z_X(MT^%-@G4U.O



4#&L\I F2WU(_E)AK?I=%C@;$^8U2V=
M4; S353$(C6J29OTP


0W+& 4.Y



72%) -$-F9N
MUR8;#3/43KF



Y&B0J6QY9LC S'%FYD&U M7TW4GH1!



MJDTL\JI8'(W?QNE(WJ_'!_F;X\ HHBFC_'BQKS KORUK9I=XT%PJL8Z/?:
M5)=5CQ57$I9C#4BIH M84:!_:=YUMI1.AWQ=35?^ !S%9*13YGJ1U1RH;9

F/)M_(!']*L&A16K
M'!+Q':^P

@
NGO0[!LYB8['5.0K

2B$


5*8 Z_








M;2;8IJ1C8JRO*2H)FV#MX8ZLK(P\)-A*3A%+[8L!(/PB0?%M
-_$&WO]3&

FR2E7F]:=5V/S*I7J5%]6&TY1&U\45$JZM8!A9O7G
ML(&))8&D9FX=4:?



-H<^YR?9:9L/-9)#TZATPYD[;RBO%V8-\IG$_5%G
M[,U%\E3W9^[XX?Y0V95;290C<-WPK0L3OG4AX5OZ^8KU_)!5-U @?NF=EKB






\.) $QAJR2KM8I_3U%
MOK&.7[^








]\$L#*]PPD\8WF%AAWO#1+8=\(J
\O
MS\C?





M/U&]I
M&F1\23^F7D*Y$]3

MV!OG?O.D;OJF7



M


KP]TXTGW1M








YF?7BCECP&Q



MU%PZKX[:


A..$-=W[,2N*[#P8=3+B#%A@ZR\KAZ#2;





93^_*L#CRU\G'I8RR=FMG/[F






M$0MQ6Y)QD






MCQ



MN
0JKJ5




 QR%]




E
DKJYQZ+B$SR$3!/SEC
:=4Z26A/Z0?(L@-#&_/X 9_!HM$N,;#K
M6OE=95^1?+#7U'$.EH=A





0O2Q_KJ=W


M:*]7&E(RZZ+9+7D%'_QV@PG]XQ^[JE^
3N@G1_AQ.&%^G%?&=X%^A)=
MEFK



MV]^M5]_%1:%=@NPK%G56N





!

@UJW-R$GVL%C7 )CBK$U;
L*$H: F-Q&7%OV JHX*OFRP$85

M =D6V8YDXB+/86TQU! 9O
DK@GX%8 H'H()^#7EE0)ZR-! =?]$PXLV\;CQY

MJ+=3TLVAUB0V271A9D$^D0^Z:=/OJELD[:%C]*3@C&R R_AU\59]1^RM;$V0




U'U;$U6DEIJBS%.





M%8!&&\Y$D^!*Z_IM$#19!9PT%[(&82*%5)QHXZHR:&H%)&]L$F?!- P7 2=4
MX#06+;_AND&9;(5.\&R D


.



M3Y#3EE^Z@N.;




MV!# $ &!P,41R-%(

P+^8O+8WW5Q40;







M]@2U#3-/HFX?8(RU2B@F$@N$;-


M8B+E1

M.S&S=C!F1#&1=F)F[;R;_
8Q1873+



M7!6%
G1R7L)E:
P6@M5-22TDD84DLX4PY@G%1!:2AUQ-(&EU3B(+R3VN)F@9


M5
^R4D^'[A+6;4]5GHZ

M2P




LLU]KH8INOMP]A:^W +V%K[< O86OMP]A:^W


!9-SKL



M^6?XES43N



VWIG






MC2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+(:%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K!6*
MK!6*K!6*K!6*K!6*K-4)99V/Y6[\:,D]\[MWN:S^1^^5\]02P$% 
4
M  3@W]*'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E
M;'-02P$% ,4      3@W]*9O






  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4




M4$L! A0#%     @ $X-_2MOR$%:U 0  T@
  !D              ( !%3(



MT[

M=#$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.#?TH?E_2 M $  -(#   9


M$X-_2CY%=-:T 0  T@

M='


M Q0    ( !.#?TJJ1+H(M $  -(#   9                :P[  !X;]W


MT@


M;6Q02P$% ,4      3@W]*7??Q&;4!  #2 P  &0              @ &#


4



0!   W!   &0

M   ( !.#?TK=KW-SM@$  -(#   9                0Y4  !X;]W;W)K




2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      3@W]*U\.T$;@!  #2 P  &0              @ 'W5P



M
S



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.#?TK)L3V^M@$  -(#   9


M%     @ $X-_2AX\(PFU 0  T@
  !D              ( !NF$  'AL+W=O



X+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.#?TH=L=9P00  'H5   9                91E


M970T
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 







M:&5E=#0W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.#?TH%4V_C P(  'X%   9


4      3@W]*/A9DL@T   6!@




M






M4$L! A0#%     @ $X-_2D.[(U%! P  : T  !D              ( !JYL



M=#4Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !.#?TIQXR&AW $  -P$   9

M$X-_2BI)3Y+/ @  _PH  !D              ( !1*

M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      3@W]*\-SEYND!   !!0  &0

M Q0    ( !.#?TK9?TZ88 8  #4G   9                6JH  !X;]W




4      3@W]*U_ ED$L  #^!P  &0              @ %/

M-W$=9@


  !D








O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      3@W]*X\T'Z
P!   W!   &0

M   ( !.#?TIV\




#$V
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO6USHTC2*/K]1)S_P.WMV3L3(;L! 9*Z=^:$_#:/=]V6C^V9V;U?)K H

<<
CU]MEX_P0_PO=\




M7X@_?0WXYP



Y 










 \P:I(9/C

H=<MM;+BJ@[A-^?6W/8QP]Q\]E!$[)P

^/VT[B[?O_/:@



:'8Y^\Y]P/TH8N]8I06LLN/KH_Y0L;?(


/)%0KL
M.FNL3'D27=.:L\8ZOFD7W\38S$&:*I'SIZ[?/M0!]CU(FI-+Z+6GA
0/0#

M

ZMK4OKW7G6]G[V?$G+[
53O9B#Z-]+M6L_MP IB[G\PA\G;M
M_%6AH)5(1VO?@64CO362E^#MV4:W:JRUE

]HV?Z8C

M6/C+6[?
(8Q



M/*O&)84WXG4GR%.M&5S-WG0
90(M:C-SYNF N/F\WQQ?B@7CJ'=N61ZW[
8R

M%;X-
8L0!RXS WI5@[2_
N

M3ABC
@VI1K7=8YN9:MT/E/F-93X_$GM^35M$Z*\$JX$.N00 \;M5YR2BQ]?0
E
R


M?+






MM_:M6?OZ2C67:S_JUKZ5:S^J?^UCV2W=VK=F[=MI+A[F 5%-W'$8YT0M-U[3
MF3F7
=




)T7@Z
MM3RPO^[)E.BOZI-Q(**?O_=S%@5VNG.TMM%/&5[J+L[8@LF*P+

?









6F2@/

M[RO-@)
H%/XGR
2OMN4M_).JI?K(&#;Q7+RU[UJB2\)P
!R5PY*FI]RI[VBW


Z(3<
CN4D31%



';0A9D=/YJ3)@\C4;W@AL?\
ZU@SI
D^X[9#&N@BT'=A8U7)3P$X\
M%W




M2X%7W5**DA1+N:X
OFJ$$JP822YOAORK!I7I-Y5%:2!( ZBN3G!K(7 J7G
M'/0'0@7@5.+L 6-^!S0_$I,6$UC;&IC;:Z;M(#(U5^)O[9YBU+61XZ'_6C:
MP88IZX&P%!65OC)0HMMX_:!7N$%(LJ2,=D=VGO+&*
ZG:C((UDJ#7JH0J_-

*[
MQOIM.*DB8C-4

M?(?PY4KFW@E\&9F^+8+PGKBJ;A+M4K5-V$B=W8A+?O72K
4@*MAD2D-86-



N
M57-*)C-J


4Y
I $BH!2925


HNY5')X-1PX;6

K.W:DEUW0W!1Z

MP9T$8UN0&UO\G

M-=N$)$AB=)O8!JE
LQE#HX:%-[T^ AYG1OX]X\






M7KAQTA8=&? $JIH_?Q!#$OJT9Y
E101W0JSK$



A/]$ P]M5AG1+'ZFD(Z_3: _=JOJ ER/ E'ML^J8[N4$CH.:Y-.=:


S@#OGXF65SJF%D6,H]^J?*2?Q)_-496?S#TQZW)OJ




M0*3CF8$972






M&1@^A#9B_*RGHOQL$-,?;$GL.=T.D(J3T8]D;];0
NF^C4T
ZTEYI6D& !
ME-Y0/H(
)'C@0#L+$4L2<


M/%48DUV.R.J\U[33JHE.I&5R;[K[0J.+D:[4J']H@6&8H.&7!G(TH  :23==



4LP%



.;G/



2S6S&&=P)(LZ
?T\/6$4D8O4
MO9

I[[HMNP?:BVPOVAF(7
M5X4TE0_8Y-PRJ9^#[SLRL_1





MRA=#9O2@BE1-TYM'QPW5( R#N[KC&6SQP8P!F7[&(981(
3*YQ;?ANR)

MC_W

)S@ET
PSP!JFUKHUFX%Q3@4]9\(S!2
]@?A(!3HTNH.=AIF$

WBQ







8M9+6C+6$J=X-G^8P0\&
MSW^);15DZGTHI1MN54I7*I^G K*$=M+64K!G!-_'VL5J$G#/HPY'+-TDUE!D
ME]MXEZ:[





M^I\MF46FG67*



MLH.


MNJXU,&[(-6V91@4H^92GMM SS4E#U3*W_!N-DI8/W!

M3'1 E[._





QAP,G4M7%_9QX?E.& Z
M?K!%A]]@0GL@AYFYL(Q]$_FP2VL ;Y\DKYAN8;P'//\-N3'(J8G<;QG/KQ$


M]?%@;;NV#H8L/5O2]%==(_ZUNEA7




M91K+&&


+C8MI)B
FE=I
G*L?%9
0U

M=RY[CV#L2($ \'B8HH5!!'KR#[A^(ZZ_V?N'_/QIOS^


M1]/QURO:XL1O8N0_L12L9-

M@ND6-F=Q:7\S7Q(_GLHQH

=J
J_(ND/L5UBP9!N0
M@R?

&(ND+
W2-$P2R=((EH2S$1J;Q?)8

;E9#!I5B$'Q@WM:-)
JI7]X]77



22/7-S?G6S.HLBV#EK7#KX()F? FFZ
M%)1$H'HE(X7U6\'C.:(EFM98+'' /\K@:$8I2(MJL!XCFI_X21EE85LSXCA^


#!H














KIP#7$GAI;Y4*;3+!0=ENX:
.2R(57CY55!C\R6!NM)A+'*#
MB3G7P!

1](@ GETWJ(P%?(I

MK5:E
A#J6H1;
#94YV5B8Q
!II8%O0OO@\3\CP94;MQ#CNF6S;!4 'I]
MRUH:GKH,JGOBJIC6?:G:V),XZJ]<D)D^U4L?Q)PH(T4:R<-H_]9-<U4#71Z/
M^Z3?[PO#P5;0X1(&!S5EJ21((T6!;2AJ%2U'+3IC'LP'PU%?J'2Z4F)=(1A2
M HP*[.5<QM.&'W^T3K#;G]Y%-M EI2^4@T-$JE&#\0PB.W@6_Y+131M#0 5
M@Z0OBL*P'A[-O5;;

Y245 A(2







MTB039&DX' Q2TF@J@GJU5L_?CK$ZU7DA&K+CNFUQ0ZZ7@LDKT2K-M.'+ Y$G
M=5F0^E(T



9%;A\F9IQMX
A*/$UP?BK


M2Z.^!45G3I9Q4%Y_5X4.WW7I_

@&!]<U([+

MM 2WZ]WYUWZ.GVT2R1@/'OS-#&\ U IUS6B4Y'6U#2L.28DSHU(T.C=4!Y2J


M0DT0!WN&6Y&V8%G5L?NVGC5KLX/A^Y5V:1OH=

DFZ5C)]1CB$'1;29BS
M#\PO9S
)H%&UZE'.VH'
DT(L]F.-#:H#L@GZ50A0-;3*!NB&@!*Z_+[0V?V]&#;-




+@7]95P

MA-X7P

&IP(OSNWY@L8Y#3J9F7A7*C=

MV^ = O6!W\CU 644PQ8\)2L\KT3;#^V


MUE2@QVV%0H-/G
/^+OF^$VUM<FCO<KNT[5
8S1@RN33S%P_
\0S5SEJ-DK;*2



M/B5VOJ8[E8+/+%Q]ZAO!E30ZD:519D%\8KZM@4MABPU9

MRM;; [IN(5UUZ0=?


\ID3X'GN49\3A[LE

)UHAKZ
_R)S;_TV7LXVQ-^N)T\7G(R]U=U

R]XR%


X
4N
 64&(





M##]30Q&T[




^_?[R^_0%0X%X;(T7





A\)E%863 I
:P&((K%Y&OF)]3%
M O96W.N!M7WKQ=!-PCE
TIF +'%AT@ 4BHP564B=CY3$##GQ@[!AH\+&R'
!LYR2&=Z%#,]4B+'P1[EL$.


#4L:)-^;@&6%X@ZP(DH
R9N$Y-CV[/(
7R/2+I&QR-*U);';= 6-% W:G!15+(!@XQC![C4-O7





MHA @+Z8)K3 L]V-H





VT@#@
3[I7F3[+OD[J&YF&!=GL'[C!/-/ H

4VYB



^


M12A8;)F1&W
S320[FAYM4D# W%3969G*\J\3
_28O8'OPPZ^7/YPYO@\
2P2










L



M(^N2I4S9%5$8L=C_LJ=;VAXY:.VT]AHXDEW%5R+RZ0.\+:R[BJX[BJX!J^

MM6-MT:+[P1YS8PN.^8Z+&PO?DE;L2L.H0NW1EJ3@N'GFLD.6!HXMZ\6
G91'

MNW%+JG4WPL9W2[[7'T@]9;#MT6MW7V\-JU.)

3P8AE


M-O40YM+[!V
;:=7QPZ9.%RIM7:@TMZXKT&9O%\Y
M5T _R HX=BZF64][L+'




M2%ZJS;_5A0I'R$RE/(7]$]T:'(M.Q(MOR

M7

6MC^'(:[7*S/GR9?17K


388'1R*T=F?T.30H\7B[37:P/&


M'5;)I7+'DIFS+;&.)4)?R&SLXO


3!;2==T
M)^N__=@E%J2YW


+_1=@LB=6PZ]]?-7\NE'BRCZK2'O8SO]A6\RUILNZ6RCZ1M37^2
MK(W?[4MQ^'N;&NFNQ6+3=$EV^;J]GZOKQ0M76V:UYNC1VL8=+VN;Q]M6VS3
M-X?A/JBMB?M[!LL?V9Z:X$==!3E**QO3UEO


?/Y<L6+$5A01Y* A^A\.KTY04(P#YWXA<8V!* NRH-0
MH+0$L#P%17XD\*

%:WS*(XDFJ#L9*5


MNR S8@
)?'8 %X:.R
R6O6


MRC+/)L4*CC?.ZCQ:X^E_/-WV?95K\Q6
J_UC8-(:'P@XX?SMD=

MFR62YZ2)RB9*JI'4*MA(G=F\
NS+$H



ME?



2$2-L71X]-Z2@X-EACW8TMU7SF?9
)[$C;CH2_AXU
M

MM#(_KKPO



MT.FWQL&KZ




MS=*162(2]I10S7?N1=7BG!F5
*$GB 
JC1FR%DTO8FD\R;RF)^*^$6*B2
H\



)*3(=V!;EGG7G.+<=U'AS

M/$
=I7?L.
1UQA1 HHU-[0:^U@W=U8D#

$?ZL^P0U8.LAB?R -(QHY
M&XPM(98C$,/G?A3B2&NU/# +T26K%6)I7%Y&@_$@27 ACHLE!U[?([[HP$
M'I[ GF\SWO/9JZP.Z8O*4%*64.68JB+HY%Q[IJA(I8[/;O\O5(QOO.M59HJ
M6(L6$D:CD4S54+W KZQ?8$]9_AC!S


M
KJ(Q#D#2LP(R)3&;FZLD0E$41X.1)_M*X2Y25K4PE

X(^/KD_ 6O
':N36!#R\.GGM&1


M5FD7I8/)K^NB97)G*F./O65X?)P:ZSA2?NSP&0%7




SL$JU-TK=8JN





N\*MU-AIC]9(AZ]RY':C
?(A
M-[&?5=
/90%'T43N(


G=Y?WX\7IR^]#CSL8/UP_P


N\.18RM.Y92\L_\JA'S%QBF$P%$7^BY]E

!IC[E)L$8J9<VJ7ZPCWZI4O\$

2%

:V;TN EYKB%0*XL3(^[N3GO<6-GX=_\




'(WYAQ.60L/'1.=4&1TY7S9
W !R&
M9)

F: BB8:2^]T+






DLKPTI47/ZP0P

M+JP/YE9H#7
:VX#GX[A,D5.
MGV7-#]07M%#&*:%:X0!LVJ;8)ZR!@AS!+<,<[$(8+JXD4P71\O.AE-CKR9=
MJ3'G49F('K. 930*D.!CA/*88

3+B9484?29R/%+&2M



<XH@TC^ [F 8^E+G3OQ&Q
M#8=D
- 



Q6M'*/L@Z)6QFA+SVJJ!D83HO66Q





M74W*C]8A0



GD@_!436VL?-

K2C-28;M)



M1S_01X
?(!AZ:=X1!YGP**7C/BU2!-
0]H/MY$5?*Q/&N:=I[Z?!0


]00K7VS7N6%J_C@YE88!1AM%



M$[[HI6&GDLOEW/2_

D
MC!(YP
:@TKO$I2*%C%D+=UL?D_&%(1\3LY0G#ICXJ3_

2%&-R;Q([D9/?!E

'&!CL&CB8ZR@3^Y$
MT)C1


6P-6[-D
MCN#%\YX4O/A5SDE+9

MG[-+H[;#XP54M:7T
$MQ;&%@BC/(W:%0
1Q]L%3RQEH%Y0VQ%)9+C 1HH&M/


M-7%IU(EK?)R?

G
L!: @B&4R-G3N!

SPUJUHH=I4(J'WZ1Q(HK[\T6ZABFA0TU90*+Y%+TX(P6<J1;;A,TG[
MC?+OV<^C]LIYG-,-8[Y&[BZX&KXESS)UYF71[CT(/=NPI L^LS43[:
B*)7
M-V[BTX9SS0_N$Y8?&)
M:R+[F^I@D-2;),+U\2GUTDDT5@(O/]!WDL62B
M!#TJ/J(F+\9#DO,5W6TJ








M4EAM$'LA:P9(A9PHJC&8.WTVOQ (
L$4 =+




ES
YM7KFCS*?&D:/]//ZP-)
MD834FO(BK.LW*N
4?%QSBPU=S9A(MD!(R@H
E4P3%52.K+&I@
%*&B=W*R:X
MK


ZHA9+')O2

PS5Q$^6J#6
M;MNM[ *9ZS#U-IAM1_#EE]-8K)U- 
I'C9TZOJ%(&
D/6+Z7)8(AG4@
)

&E
M#S&G#\,CS@!8#2F5 3=$&[!YF.IVZ

*I?I?PJK

MD_



MDVQF&PLT)J'30260I&#7CYA_GU.7&I1&;X(-:22


^'E\/FEVEX2J)'5SVV-)=(
M:N,CK!%#'A-)3[EDKS[G *X=ESV
XC8I2BNM
(SU9(C574C]LW^?N VE.
M51Z

;2=4;L##?

M

MI50] O


T

MH\Q S8+9144)3^3!2MWM1:.5EWGAD:F).T*;;\T IU+?O-Q++3'^Z
IK3I


:'LA
M689
K







Y8RR4FN1[E(QK)S
!\40'NUIKXT_
6B7A#;/9VC/E@^:+

N8BB:


0)\D=-NM0TX0$)_M-


KHYXM9\!U/LJ&'^'T56[&1
6D


JLP)!.*JDZ2(^^=M6@134

M8TL$9VOJE'+ )%UEY [#M=VY8U5$WGRKDE:GI!AM'5G5UK6_4+^(17F3/B

D?RU?-1[)MHT.J]@B&1]@A^
/WJQ\?N79121#I





M@ C(:9

M?AIDC


Y+257FB9=HQ

M;


WW+RY2FI%T



)
M5B@3G69GAU








-%V6LTR K29^#;G,Z$9Y58!-7V.KLB@R^'Y?Q1XQ)*=P28UJ
M:I6CFV[WJ ;$5/MHGCJ*@DS[C;^K]AM?A20O:O-A3MA^\4N-)GVIE^J3WSI
M-)/V] THF
J8'.MWX0\D)TYGXWU(0[! S2B%0R6W\03XG8RXOY;]B#Z60DJS
MHDE/F-7_.='19PK(X6].TB9E3!D?W&-Q;*O9OPB2 J96^20SMI@
V/.C



A.!J&J)TE?D@


M$


MK8YIO7QB@KJ4UG^*
* X@+CC=



&
MA9B8% U9E\7K:S8LE*JLCP8A I2$[/+N87



8G!Z

M\I]Y3=IQ1$_W?6('FQ8OH&TH#8.+U9$MU+NRSMRP@CBSPVS'1-6LB'0
?4JV
MQEY@?AM'BSI4-^Y3








$HS




M5SHPL9\N\7K&)?[E_(:]X#_.OEA7UV??3V[/KRXY-&X^]_G[V1]GW__%T?3S
MT^]71_@;C+
;+VW*@ZXVF.


X;MD _OBC
1WA2O9@X+W*
MWMI4@.&$!(YX$GV**V/

^;@A1^ZO( [O4IWM4:.K*MA
M;!!V
K./]=3'$)-L'Y#M8=[3 [P9\#1D2FQP!W()'='.%-!C1'!
J6^Y$3XF

K$\MC$69*FI';QW587#SF2K(S+JDU]8)R
MNT=#CJ5_M(MZ/Z;UE1VCKLZXU]]UZJ0I'0F@*^.S6

MN.C)M\XH\?/8X!@[I4W.1VI*0)VDS/GN-F,M/3D4ORN18YMRW5(])9#=43

B-Y
ND?F?M1]EJI]0PA-DN4:$6GL4/!HJF.YV5Z

MV[?OB6%LX+S

WJ%]S](W:K9S4[9(.XV
MQ:B+[^I


199^@%T]

MS3R1FMVIMK;EY%=[:V^YA/@U\V^=9+$/62-5N]*HVJW*UJA2+R=G+I'SO@UY


WI29L+




NEH6QGA

M&-LJC?F Z
U+I
P0VBW1!K](3_EBF%[MK.*E+KD197(7)T1O#];GU4I7
/QY

V
MI=C_BK=&LV
W.[/6&&V!PVY[






'0G!]NLG(ZQ2!O-K(


)Q[(^Z^/@ %V# [1M

M=C^O4^[
HJV!EM)[R6?

MMQ$POL1W1MBCZ4\TWK#!68)=H. /[^L5NU+ODOOA?1W%8I5C:1-S[UKT#.(]

VXL




ME4E1PB28'K[]C/




M:U6=!G:?*!O4V*1655H$AF+LN 
]-I[R]0*J
E3)0VP3[^ZI=6MVMUW6\[/]

MOM-K@/SJV)WML387OF
G492
QFJTKJ-TF+'SC J





M+WY_GIB


M*5DVH9A\


 .K![^ 31P-)!<Z7B_Z]ZI2=<X@
MS/J\^05I;S-F@Y7@D2_DNNU P&
M*+H$YFS]!G^XCY:0N;D.7

MK@U




U#L50A-AU()JA
 



M#_S%B47I;_#.ZO#[S)?
M4PTG?FQ&S__(3SO?_S@T;^!AP-?#
ZC*
$&7F71






G=\RI%6*^U.







7T8=5D[@S7+\



[:
;W\-W




AQ](ER.8ST$'JB3UF
^MHQL#1'#B2
(
MQE!6+
7W+D[6&3C/$:9




5B


;$ZL<2=\
 EYB(%JJPWRK3'1*E<F

8O$2?81;Q
M*L8I_<D\,& -4:+:T_B6&(V]X'E$#KV[4 CZ%_7NHS.%AP:<:D;BQPVCV/I/
M ER?NIT3#R_5.=D!R_&$# 96L!D?%BD:E?:8#NTZM/.*!ES(HVE):2\7O@[




]^8P+RL7S


8
YCI4EJ@!X+3AI;W5(Y





MK2 88?:Y7F7
J5FQZZV&W6J4#3JM ^N'8YPY=-BQ&XVNW:K/708R.];7(E!*
-Q_5GZ0
M@7,BKEEOV^WV3 /IMN%J+$+G!L_6A_P@GPTQK-.S)&B -E@IAD,Q'$P=&Q
MS6ZM$I1T^C;MCG4.GM\;I%6.*S-E<&\YLYVF2<U6[?UE)0;&&QD=LJB1<9C3
M,N/]K2X/X=MPN]<;U=DN;GP08?-=@;VK2L!X\34
3^AF+R12UEB*T9$]0(
MWGW8W2Y&M:K=K53L:F53 ]K7M]5JZN?[7I[\:T6T/(ZBG
M-S^S09]
LG.XD0&HO),5;XPFN11TOLWICK GV:P6##E4N\ :?].196](24


MIES



PSAB^G;*-5

M'U5J1]6V 7HO$O])A!^?X=S LL UP+IM5QNS0(=[/X^B1 R^4%_?:VK.^CLF

\;42XG
M(13

L Y



$60'



;-@T\QNM'


E;5OZU^^GALH!

MO;&\]6/





.I00.?XJ8*4
]EZ$9N0V@




M/$?X+/\N%'%@\O];X^(
1 PB!NTH?MMQ0X(D@^P)@I((=XBTKOIQ &:
5%!:
MN

M&I'BBW3
</ES%L+:ZZ ]NH/X'C=3^<LGJX?8X_Z@ AG' F 4/[K







JT'J=FGI@J[I:=:+OH-

L_O1!!AUGP46)93].76_55W^MMMJVGFJS6K&[


X$V6(CAX4#8]E@



MOCFVO@H

%)E
RHO
=)&\5Z=W)92('G/7(1[?CAW?


'05S]TU%W$
5G)&.!
4HR2*I32F

5RA]

M(56#OOW
_)%]*F0*X6B+G,ALS@K98O11%R+.<.4]ACBJ'H





OP*%FF 0#76\?6%;]22![X@Y9,Y6

MU3M0^$$JH&A/K L



LFV;[

MI08B

M:#)C2%EQG%JT#8E#JVIBV





$O5/E1W'(EA




M3G1_;N@M%GX[0WAE[T^U9G= 6VJ6=D/O^$WED5#[?JBSQA9F.M2\![K8MS ]
MY]-

UJQ'C\:.#M$I1)N:8DEO


M;EV?G'^QOOSX?G[YS;K]^YEU??;]_.K+C?7UZOL^3LTZ0+Y^R)=$\64GE37J



+;O;;1[$





MX*J


M*X)  4(XP8IYZUJ1QLE=*$@'L1ZQ=T46IVD+U CTD-CQ8]!:X
#AOU0/U72D




'[R9%%72F7]#%K;DJ3WMN -T1PD0

+A--/*P#ZU*/?

M:
;'
7J$;((8F ;U?'#HMWR6F3-Q(A/1W D5E09Y]Y$
649&*VDGN\7BHU:7


D3A1C<8)&'HLV1VGNFRHI4

M?:O6U.?!5YV-/ * NVM$5VJ^)XNF/R)%(P45('J!R-AZ(:@?TS;KY79*V5

-@^*/9$*'PEQ!)14-_0)XP


54P6-:+A0\1+#P@X::*H]::JI#T.3S9%SD.I_J

O;I'
]V$P
;4D3#DS28.!G
! VJZC
M1C[/W-9_
2#WM;O_BF+?(Y:%SLUSW$?[6%(TOVU:.N4ODM('
GW&&.8N




MU-Z]
RJ*Y]ANYY4M8R(VMTJW7'%I#P=/4&@*X+4R?.B+E53\KN7XFG6[M3VG

M9PT#


MW7/MUNWN$J9P[H 

&<-1-\=.5[TUW?G



:=5V;+57JDUSJBLIC&*5RC


6C*_5':@V&SU5E*E#U
MG:?9D=6'?#[)]RZM;[V4*(MAQQ^V#;[+W[@7^/XAG_:/R\5H)'#S81U3H]_O



M.O:^QM5K-YOM1Z#E5B#WV@]/Y5VHB6'3MDR? MSU%
33@[NV:GAZH-=6AN

M$;-P


':*]$
JL


5L/C&C6'J66E%^'GX]&!J-Q\=IK8E
MPMKNV7W$



MNGGO]=ZZ#YC!BS?7#(
NDTDX$DD=#[ZW$V38_T_BD1#C%&_-98%U&J*T\4T
MH]J#BBOI2[G)ZS2U#4A6+&Y(KW?[75U1&);B HL%*;S. VF'Y)X
3^+1M
%

*V7DZD/L#5NM39%=


M5_UK^;5W(A*3

M-D_)XSBBZ0KLNL!/H_O'VZ:TW1JE%9
H-9T+R21)WA]E1IY&4^\8#H%
M/X9)V%V?Q#?1:#=T\5U&H[#(+F'9^
J*[8#KTC^&(\5/^W;V76?VA-!KL


M3:(P$MZ



MPY]G



@[XA^Z6)TJW7/++CWQ ],Z7H3=G<!
M8GC$ CD4S=/,9K 'N;:/=36D;7,O@J3J.DUX!.)8

ME;Z+H








R*B9@
M/C@*5(RTS6&=^V4&G!,DXQ30'VO'SWNMEJS[S=^/+H_UOUJ_O_&NXGDX\@:M
M[D&GV=#G0C?$ND%GEH6$S/D7,89#N'D+[U'X@1M_ E!D[D;W\[N(?KXM;YY




$[#HTX)KS!A%
M()SP\2'&F4H)-
15F2ZG^KE;*[MA
MRL
AO
?ZKIP*C :\4&5N$/8

MD-#'9+UAPL=$P(@?(7;+2!YF\69#3
MC4+!)9.Y8[I6)!!(WTWN$9D1#9J5)

MGZ+'!A

M$3


%
W
7)
M-YTXGXD@79#NM
Z

M(F55*K]2/AU_K,%*LD &!&T+QMJY%[\74J$I(M /1\(4
GX)#I3Q(
\M.+








LQ
J.L%N7(D


%!..W=K


MO% 
@D2=X\O'@MZ
JIB/\B+Y7F%+A-2H_A0,[: N%.J*MU-42/4<'K/



*&W.*449XE54Q7BB&=OH
M&&9HR(Q#2A02J]/\I42&1P-











MJ%]P3M.;!M=40S+68Q\PD@D6UE@5CU(L.

M6\CF]H



R]]B;QPCC?8[V#1V


HF*RY_(6W

M+
M*J8_TNUC6Y\-ZVCU32=(PNVI[^Z?@+)L.@4L'=9&-OE
Q0+CW$Y&F

Q
Q%
4ZHXQGH-+NO
_8KL
MRLUH*JAJ1%/%*S*\KC)\V/F-Q2H=VZ<LOYX81A)N
:6T(D@[0NO4+59*&&L

M20 LB!X%F4UZAU;59&)+

M+5141RK6EBT2!\I4AB?D);+K9O^Y&-]P]CCU%I&

MZLC!GVR?+JCT?#%3DU2P%HLZB*BL


6'ZB5C5U:^= SU0IFVE/J]2PK4=%SI7X*OQ2%CH4SM7;S




43ZHRID4
M!R
2%.Y08GOH./[2'5KHY086HM2QIKXJ0''2VH(-))XL8J=WR-B71Z'D
&CY

V5#

MH(;* 

D
-

3+?!4Y1
'?YG0LN=I=0P8N[/F9A)L(@I-]=8P.':X




3

M&


MX4/_1=IGX_)




M C_])L&*)IS
O$ %S(:'.X-3_C&XT:WO8[/QTG[13
@Q7RQ5[@NMHA)9BF29
M\Z@9R9(L'-)&S(S[:V

MLQ$!%XK'Z$UCA)=_*454LM;7!0KG)#-MJ'F;71B6WS*KC1VD]3WH^!X-A^
ML)2LLI8
X;'0]+5!_N4FD^N*1,@H5,!KZ0(H(K!X:_IU5I^HRK@L)5\;&J0
MA@. Q\],9BF(N 9
\FV++N5N0Q
*N1C1?)/9;$BW=)82Q3*LJKUQ6&%H] O

M8D9X5O(N!+@#*:!!?QN'BQ0EU@\9.3B1L1U
TWCSL!#7\LS5C)F-2;U%.$C'


IFF@5:W



!2#$=!2(X/DMPV OSLON




6C;F

M'G$M!(&A.BGMF*U;8DY3 :Z3.
!K178
3=RS1L]BHI+W-LF%@12 4?7I_$]5


LI58QKP4EOL E014YKFB@V&M(F:]X3:TVTI


MNU=WXXKV





M#

 W%\6C%P!(_FY3]TS[AE



M:;S
](VQ7BC*K^ /PA=PS:+7PMX(C_BNFD)3=S
I_GR0@JSD(W#[_/\.1^V=





_V#MH6K4@
M6!/LDVB\2Z#])G^V-M#X_N)J-C4F[#1.[NX[F71$TWK7)=^O^?W[!59%4!L


 +GW1QM!L=8<=. =^=Y]0

ZDO U%9/%]&

M#6YU7E\PG\-T'J?!]$



M!B
:I_LI^(&S0=[%V$F$2Z(#K!V1 [#J

M9R(]C^I(NVY.PZT!DF


.$9E-








M8



M: ]7.2;YL-L!-E103L4$N'BH^4

MW*LMBK$[:QSTKL%_.#1;Z]SGIZ!@EJB^&NA^Q
'O9I0R-L7?!?6OZ6Z-EE4F








D/L#?X

1-X$N P'K-X$$8C $=YA%#\-
M+X5;_XU6YWR3W^)K)@);_.']47\'C'$HN]H1+=)*]L)U?LNXRUO%601*+='+

+#*!W_$
MN;QC


J
GFY
!F;PL9
M([

\L:ZX^BL;[NRMN6G4PS$^IK'[Y


&--A$A)1&.8NXQ?51
M&I^W1$
VX6)QVU[/M]






K$I=2T,^*B;
M_]YYKF6#;_:VND/^MU&L^

--SBQ]9#?
MN03;.@99UYMX-!G]!#!\.


PLVC2U]<?__E__



M:!@PT+CH)]-NYNO0V4




M8B#8!



3P&

QHJ
MD)51V4Y-WT8QYG?H!0U###J%A0C
=#&!OP0D!:1+W5JH;EN\
Y:R@JB75I8&





W_Z[(:6VYN
M+9M1W(B4B]U&
Y<O?

M!J




PG#Z@'@39IQ^XT19%K3;XKCAMBIIS4S
M'N7B



:

 )YM;PB
MY\/3&:GTEZT?MFWG\^RC=BU

M1JES+C'WEAJYUI'
BBSI6E7=IGW%ZQV[CKN23?6HEH9?Z
&;(.2VMWG1JKZ]




M7?+)*F+I4P RLZ^XW79GU%Y7J#H]7(W@-/$'YYO3N^G*8@&]K^$19@P'4&Z;


?=4?A
M0OG%/KTA6F[K6Z)Z%4^(E$XU9P!/;UXCM?4=W7Q\O2(PNQS/;4+S77'ST?;=





6I453!HY9&[.4*-B&B-J@!



M8+#FX'




MD4A;J_]?T7O





MQ. 

/L?<9V2F
M[ZKK(*Z[Q8C%5+(Y81ZC=(#5PATE,2I0FMXC0;?P189I+,Y_JJGUGPD*8?+
MXMU83)[D%SSD=P3FXD:4\J_!:)#$8A* GC;.Y^O-T%JW/XJV-Z1;(%Q


M?IM)E=OGL
61T U
8XX9]'=JOK5QS-J+BHUJ9%
KG=^)J:87.P
P-YEB[=H\

MF^LB5DMWR!J3YXE8X:HPI8QWZ1
%]+$\&+=2E=:._15B*+];3?2J.DV[KN5-

?['&8U-6&JMZV;R.X*&N!NBU0:UY%NA42:4)5!G

^11'9&S


VMAK




VZ
U<8G55;G3XN%08Q&]%*MQ.?JPJ[J_)K##DX#<0$K

:Y_EB.@NC%XS3[Y;R)!1IUA+SRY#:
M(T4%WVWC5)2)ES\8\F

:Y_GZ3O C3N65
M-[-62./\YME!



SCREE(A;S:@\859&^=;G<RL
M9+P:W#CGYY$O/VPA+A7#9Z^=9%_2O<4:(IQ)4]1UL)%Z:]


MA-CY3\6[

2=CBK37DY=B
M-7PQ6CWA_(CFV.B91O60FW03)^ZZL.?\//_ 5!+ P04      3@W]* G$N

C Q-C$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.T]:W/D*)+?+V+_
M@\X;M]
3L=5^]6.Z9^8V_.QPK-MVN-R]L_=E TM4%3$J48
D/_;7'RI@F$



5[1J1,CIOD[WFY7
M-(]!R'@Z748Q$UX*1L/@<@-()3\!4R0#\)66E[]H0BFV20R26^GEVOV%I$
MY='(-'VOOE&[GGV%RWNZIZ %4I 2%5HFF#_]P4. _KKV1\I5:=3.$
^2HPQ

8D0'O$PID/SWQBCT#QE#.





T^42


B3B N=4WPU%T0/HD8B\A4N (FH
CY:8).C?

WHN 2@7L4H@2Q370U
M8$,5L8N5.ZQ5@\B.:5F$^K246P:--GI__3[/8;G(U=^T=29!N<04)@0']7
MJ:7QIN?VL/L]R,\P*D[FRV<+XIF]:0BW%=0A4P'$_<S\MVFZH@.QAB!DTR+$
M,77Z3&79[RB#I=.V=A^-(0R3;ML:7[/N.F1I9.:GV3;N)?UWJ0=\2F 4P*



/^*V]7:;9K#V&V5O M
MK'C!0K8'$/+X-#FA:OQ
+3D_F:PGQ+![E4!!=XZ([[%C8_+KSGXQ#B!^26/D
M.^9YB]V8N?X




UUV%@F&E*=$\M1$/![

JBAS;T-V?7=J3S'0;/_IVAJ\S27/\S#7H4X

ME7-\9R5V2(+B#2VZ^%EN:SMT-I5$/9W.B83=5;Z(Z
1-LR(8/F$W6
\I+#J/




2-JC2SK8]*K*4%WUB2K@FEC+JZ. %E :O*^F2ZL#1!L3WQ

PIJB%
UB[PN^[9T'$X7HEY=.';YM]R1O


M


MGKR
O? P2QO9EKJ9?7C2Q*J@BTO09IYW9FB\*2R_DP;,9O!,Y/_3R])_FT8
M^1(40[[%WW(EEWJ;?W32Q)Z/9-ZM-6*VJK'9]\5(KN%

$FR



M+







8NY

HCLK^._@.7J


ZXS^T)#

D;'YBJAW.;FG_U:70K1(]E-$;S@ =$O^0B98\#'.
[&


SI:)#
O1S7CS(;Z\$:'
XI;AC%)25Y1YUB$MVNBX.&8?C?;C1I^SMRC^8G.;/26D)EPR






M;T

G1D;#8K+) )1F+3?5SC1YVN.

M8N^)/Z(P'




M5SZ)9/6J\\ @DJ*$@E(MOYN20+OQ6W5HR7XOL.7
W^ KR684$0CYDV8S64I)








NSNJ(DB(L#7T


C-H6Y3



M5K9=*

*N&J)E0RL:V)U

MQW79JX24LCXVG^X(B&+@\YFB]:BDY$0%B=7L#K&!.- X[GEW#C1[Y1^D'

MV#&F*ZXIRVND]!_DG!]]@=Z1LU;KR1
4X3QE%W.^H@@MT^7ZL31N0F[R!R]U
ML^*#_





4'YM*229OZ^HFXS*CZP
G9NHO'2=M^]3)N/.D
M*W.$R92GG)5* UW/U(UB9ME6W)RO)TS

4*H^(#HEH&2*?8K KH&];]

?\^Y_X/H
M]Y_%_]RY
7$X1%'\\W

7
MM'$?A%RZC+/_0)+ <\-&5$E[=D2BF(]$X!)/9]-'L6QQ/+14_?JFK3I[#N9


MFPS4$0-GD1B:
@

\BF=O(@=


.*
M^'SW%QO1G5:64/NN]([.YT&2+6:Y!
1ZS$]

M1MEG?G
9X]N9D;R +AT1=1S$7@9#2OSE1KQWR
@/PL1L_!YXC.[=\?_F4)D;

MW#%)W

%F9MPNL'GMB(

MXU8&HZ?BQ-H)\\;#;_LHLY$VMQEXVPQ69
^WM;QEUID1GZ\P5\2CS.?_C+]1
MZO\(PK -WGT28%%@]:DZG=VXT7V0GQ?.^%Y4_






MC47?_\K1@=5T%+IQ7-R%&5I.]2Y(UQ@]X2 Z5L&ITJG;F&5M+=M
H)BIEG*D

])Y?O$%TXMC$^UU4#PJ)$

R?)@^$



MG+I1Q3$BWE


U32

MN@FN1'*1B/@G+A



)F-&DU56QXPF \B78?UU[IC11
/D()[KXLYH

Z


M8)4!\VU+W6]@N#7:O&R_L:\3KMN_X#Z#Q




#2-^


3
@M'8/]YQ&DR/D2C/TX-2I!:_ [![CRW1^


MQ


*&1D0TA\L@Q%.?-S2_B(SA]IE%58
S

;VU&-
M5MTV!#2W;0H!4Y-&$!J*'2!SB 
A$T1Q&PD5/*[Z3:F6E-+1H)ZEH#IZ_0&





M85*P@O763*%O92 _\86?ET1Q_KR#*1\WMAP0
=Y=
 :BC]CATB7\VA$'B[\A
4/X92?<)%=1K2'TE
MOD_FE?K$2$X^%(*(^1I.XSO-\9WF^$YS?*?ICN\T!XS0()YA[.H[S;%2'XXE

O
M9ZXL$VJ:#4?WW6QI8L06!;QWHPF5 W$WS;9*EVS:H5]^H5X0N2%X1DA?H;

3\@
M6](=I=^39(DOWB70F&:##[L#9AG$04KON1',SMXOX@ETPYAMR^)NUY$(


MFH;FATV)+!K

PETL6Q:A=P;\@MB#M*=\II$+F1U\VQ

M=67=!@V1
8

OZP4







/YEG?%L




O*#
+&$? ^XR;AWQ_^; UR/75UEI[9;

P_X93_4B/.XW(07#C/@



T6D!X=MD%X
MVS.$BKN:*;#926([.\?B2*'BK+;-5P\66UG#5D\8*EKK+NS:.6
;%$O+'JKH

-2/'FI&[

M#J%CN4YDE_@K%S5&83]5+0'N64GYY&!*PV*!K6VMU^MA0YIM5\JJ
:DNWG



D3G=T&464/7Y-'E
M=A$)7T25LOLH^!?Q;Y@;Q:Z779BJC8?6 ^(V+S:4DV0N#@UVW?:WP9!V#)A-

ZF


DX[Y_J


#%2PW[L-*1#$-G-KW8RFQ&1(XL



M



MY;$;I27A\XC&R716[DXG?-=*7BJO2


M6P&
QFVA5HPX;-!UC('P6[XG=$

1#L+3UNL%W)E/(Y($




M47?BZ0A[: ]AVTY6-073E91#
%;!HNPZ$%\X-^ 'M.6P0;[K$YTKZ?:V




M?I!DQYA3RN:N

0QSC$
0X1#2QC'.(8
MASC&(8YQB*\U#K&:-*6TJ\X&U%JXU3=+Z5*1.*XT%#'B#XTV'^KS$BFB


G#I%]:F'UP+]E:O!JH6VA@'8DVG63D[\42KO%

GF9HFB9QXD:^4--%&58]F!L-BQ[LS;F#E.$S
MADO#(G)L=LCRTH(37X2$I\R\I-^!YKHP_X+XU^&_N_/'OUX510R=Q:?&.G_C

6*EFN8K.[Q





!*WE






2\@5VGGL=/











M@JO.(B]
Z.30/OZ%:?-




MF



:5_X
MF'2WE:)%,6MH2RX@%W[

MG'^K53KXCVC%7B
3$OM'NV+/2L 2_])ER4OU)'OX4OU%L_4V& /YWMQ8&MCR

2


/3@:K0%635\#(5%OAAZ).
M+3A-$#W/SH)F2)R(8)F

MJK

M;

IFRJ^#^(;E(A4RFL^5SXR
W
M#(E_^%*TBXN&BANL#0?&#W@G#():T7%
4OGU&\+F@-59;8)8^G)203G:=8=(



MHFWX 2'NV




MB=R\B ?Q16D$P&DL/8)*NN)'S) %\$J[XZ=*Q=7!=#;Y(PWB +@-RS)6UELB

.683J+
M_OA1;






^

MHN*-F]Z%P7UF JEREL@[H


; B*3SN7[-)6I=].

H233D
L!IQ

M)(I)=BBMQA'\%B0/U2Z-(Y)





ZE^;_AI?]V*




M9?\5S[$4KY=DK=''DH)$&URO=F$D%]_/KUI%
EG 0JZUPRM9F-RN[V^4
BU?
M\0I(E4*M-AR5&OTXG3?K!ZXBO.7!%Q?T$4X1O*;GCA


PXA#H\31@49&Z-2:WK[_@AP4@&1P3_HR7M8CNZRW7'APO*Q'


M

CCY&+QST(@N @8

A:XY1O(G5

MI\5[@_
CI5#K#6_?;_MAM(%((3)!@=I^1VZD?HJT]YJZV0[GA26B&YVRUB






?GA

M/CR+\F7O&Z.Q:NWO_F
[K%HZID&-JKB&MEZ+J#B




'A!6B

MD0EJ.Y+Z6[G[4'B(:)0EX3
[Z\F[X=Z!C7C&]H!MC5;=J0)H;OG
IQ0X-6$


]



8(D3%1 ?6&$R@/B#
4($.T)CA
@8(3)&
MB&QV.*FEUIXF#X3=/+A%ZNWX0KQ0B;F-W-LU2U




M



T1R

$K5'


:E&RBB%JNM\+ZPA8C%.14J5^Z
MT@N2J.2_WG8 *$A)QNF3N*1QT^)4W;ILJ3XC\RI$F?2/9WR22.TSGQ]V&0
M&@R'KVFO$PMHW= YQ[%0]77D;UE+(*68#3]
++QBFQ$/2;QLUIW:MQCD=
MOP7)0^[R30)^(!

MN.0L!


M!J[






7?F OP
-#-PPI
MC<H_T4.BCNIN.R)Z-#=B#$+?('RE^+OXGSLW)OPO_PU02P,$%     @ $X-_
M2A;A1EW=@  MMT& !4   !N8F5V+3(P
38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SLO7MSY#AR

EAD+<E2



T(S+_ )X:Z[+;T+.R5F\!HGN52
MVWF1JZ!XY.5NBW=/0;#Y%B;5;VE2%LU?WL%?WKW_4 _?_Z/^\U]A@J1KFI9G
M25 4R]5]F86_+K[$1?



M7&6\3L
IJ

RUTD692

&53HE=03QTTJ 3B%2+X)H$
MMV%(BR++]2/24





M6#A9;/X(TCXV=Q2099LW U$T!-+C4VZ^=

K1LX

YLHY9U 1FA#


_R%5)29RG[3]U=9X..EXQ:.OC2S%HR

5BLKYC3 $KDW.;_4
:/69LA6=Z/+<!:9/@\S9Q&23(IHY%%/'+<D%R&\31


M








M+N^TXXFEKM

6L%+ 0ERFVP/OJ][1U^RY(4-BYVK .=;

MC[+_(B!SV4PFP*?'FB^ON+/6\4O%+ZK'A*TXLY&!@O0[0AD?5.!TN @NO!




B2E1.40W6\?
T\,1W1+@P::61#4L/<0G]XJ-

C&+23/NRNT,5ZDV2OE[2
MZ(PYV-ND5-T3

9FMVMI-TT+4Q;C4YD'H7D

DER!(0]I738
]J

M$N&#N;#;0?^VA2PZ+^8
=
ME52WDEA@T[RDG$MSL/


ML&
&8DZ




Y2
MF$,](10


U%V&0_(4&N7HP4(NZ8H );$




ML=1UFKE\C#F]'.8VBFAH-P:M0$.FA(-[BS#






M5CS[S;3I#/R89='G.%%5Q^YGE\P:@NJRJ/D-#6
&@(;L:'[&T=R:I]S40XY)
I'2


4?#$

+


M?WC_V_?O/X!W2%Y Z83\_OW)^_?\_Y.B2JT0;



Q-
168Y
$[%:2#;TYIW%P9A%%
0SS


/%RUA1\AXO
FQ@.ABL2

M':M20S.+VF-5K';K7('M




$IH8
MB=4*GI -JX2
7^?EA\N4AT;CH





W7S52XTRW462NDM\\Z2\EHIOQ9S1&Z3@9;MEA!5#8JHTZ
M933[


L^B^#/)2MWZ=

MN]D

M(J 1


9X'7I)RST$!!9-





MRMLR8N;*4JXT9OH.FJ'L@
:)SYVTGR)E1O+F8_ J&^^#\%?X-X1$01IX_CWR


WHN1HF)30DM44J
M. $=/9Y'DFE6?-QB.0GJ!
_ $Z&J0504
@C!R9PI7X.JA.+





M.&-F&T'5^URO





P;J.0#G-EO!8
V5N:-+&\U#I3VS


MU)S1







%

M3?E\PU&]]^*NC24^'% SF]







];OVV3W
M723X/WV$1ZG*AG

M*+

M]DH^1+:ZZ
9#;=9$NX%Q7!$H&&HY5([1Q\];^\'SMIOXLM7'0=CF&5$K[U
E
M[/:E8AW@_G/$

Z%^

M2W5%B^N1KB*Z\4UEH?V8-ZH$#





MMMW8S!ZC2G%-]PDF#ND]H@A4=!Z/6S8#M.^P[8KAJ[JF(%*5A'&X[QAZE8;)

&!MFD/5/(^R25
:F9
M5!@MK8PCU(!7.+C$



7WW*!?W34<1#R(0\B
MRFQ;EL\TKSW5@HVHE


M+SQ
T ?K#I4X&AJ:
8KQSAV-:N7!50CHX*#8.7-(7QB^%VHY+^L4W&9'
0'O

MI6/@T7AU9_FW)QC5IN


MC97B7E[UL!E5%;)HF&8 J'GHW[&,GN)^3((5N077T)XF8W_:Q/G%)Y.J(O'
MP3=EZF@[_MFKHT@;L%/6UULK\^
Q'U
^;_O*.LR6PH;\T]I;!^#8Z'G-HFI
MI1G]U*4&)33CIBU2
9J!ZY&.XH%V+)L5&N/Z4QZLBZ[?8+-E.4[?V9[E%+/:

MQ1J1BH=_10E;D+!/5)#[+(EP




*_;9GCS/WET]?.?QG]STE%



#89AO\76/=LPM;-M

M
DBN:5!0O5L\O1AG.^=[&-GNFD\HPSL/]P1NXF9#S3IA&R^.5.5A&Q'K=V=A



M\]0OIIFMZ [CL/8R99H DSA-F&L;[J DTYLW4XY*R/BM-HTY2;86EKX(

T.3?^IAG







M98^-^8HY0B'K-&@#FXO#:!,T#MS;-).5?8W!J1E*UM@H9(4EDU;YN$-1

MYFXR_JH KV*UV
$E:O9.9
E6Q:71QTTUXJ#K?K

2]6*PH!2K1-NGK'F ]9

)4'ZH55$&L!0:PX^@B_=;%(HSM^'E8' 2EJ3'K])J-#F[O8HU
$ WW

.G A;+[?VV^J8FU$4#6*I[:K+6*5
'PU:





M]^)ZT']QW?



\9W6K

M%P\R?6W;M=XRW&&NC_F

VS
MRRQ?!W?TA:9;TV)'J^GY+J?*%
-T



%
M2[\X=&7;=K1#X3B*GGM@XX7T

SR/&'$'

/&X XAM\7#;
^/''


$E2%DE3(QUV_:-=Y$AUOQ[D-7L'HXB&KCS&;*9-6TQG/
M4%(?


F\U=\+PKC&/'2%(9]W03L.Y/D]==

A _25M


M1Y#]8







*DM-7TZOWO%'2G)938(&XG/-*<!'K:X%4^



O\
MV98P)I^KNYGJAB$I;H-7N-BKJ)&^B

M@P9 [ZNT*/
4'BNM3AL-D#=%<9*[8/T:J%+]QF&=


MXY0N5V


\Z4]F*
G9IW

MA2FF
6^@YIV9X[':CGED51?3GYUQD+.[RV2Q!:
6=WP
I06MVO-#N4UC &B_

WT*OL3K[?HTR_/L
^LM9\&&_5*^CNB/ZB)\#X8FXTRCHDH?





M!^^)UI
F#J+Q]XMY5$O!WTWA\2UPEZMQ^+HO#:J&TK&%N/;@QQLX].KM2T!#
MUDFPI:$M8:

MR9$5Y5-B+8ECJ&J7^\@]*K-
S6=



!8.LH]];3:0$-< =<O-3=<V




MZFV_YCI+GV!.
O4KF1R^_J5%*9ZCI$_O8)IMFD#?USPUT($VOM$UG3UDT^WH



@3GH2+]\]LW 4/:'?+25$34DF71-- [;)+(H9F

N/[)$@EJ

ML5I5^R][Y)23EH$CK9S&/+O
9%J;]L8-1'Q




MZ9[/.)-ZQ+1313.VC

MHZL.UO'$13=H&EBOD 7P)^]
#1Z7[X9C0KN/N=[N
8%W@ DF4R?JFHTX33



MI;'/(%8/P2B& /
+

;AT8-8JUM2X:GWHD8'N6HP_#E.45@CCQX2JO=2?-DT%%.*#;'N5

M1?UO*7?L&+.?;*&&NLU&[R3WVLYJ&_F0JY'.B'&;QZ&VJ93^!K(#%58:72W
M9NYL) _U5WUK@-M\O\2Y'F0E@_9+:NYZ@75YIGVJWU72VZ3_.E';SWT[-

5%Y1WHO;'
MHOZUDX2)A6$;PS9SPP5 6A=0#7$'&A@@8$O2+L 982623D;,-00V\%!%,$Q
M$AQ#=N\$00O^G


(?SAQ*!5P

42

5^S
-/S5X%3L'IWZF0%<6R<U7)J?
DH5/72
MTT#$.WGTN

CKSVA(*<3]&1#K<
0



P8@'
!(]8HLJQ2[EQ5VC[.1

M.H66^ ?J7=(O'=
4KJFJ.8=:R6?PN



ML
?5;67<CJGQB?DM-W /GT3T[^Q

5_CW7F6]IDGFS\V)7F1475F9:9[CS.;E2H


MP]7$9O&QE8YKX

P86GA$'7Z5
'FX.


Y0J+-./EL%M/US[Q*]N[&SFB&DMPZ*9Y+3D
8OS0-MK'0XZXPZ



%A199-*

.\QUG

4[

MS-US[!Q



8H8\
M1*XY\STZFE^E)67U7,[&=*% I&17&#[Y1D^OM.FO-P2\3Y/)=40'PWO90:%




!&B\25

M



M&7;U9.ERQ;-L%\M=WOS3H(A#1:V
+


MD=Y[0?T=X27@H#); .8\27R0G&7K=996YB[*




ME[E9W]8_ ]9O8FRJC:$3[5'_
7[W!PG+U2.N/H;&7CZ WS&R2.SOT9G2=.


%?%@V@RL$W5T/TP'=70B327EO
M?R

M[^)+^
S T8Y/+;T2
U;9V:PTVJ!VIK+6]$ZY27 5XUT=]@7+;S;V547T%TCS

K.2T42KA
M=CTM0.NOEMN?L=RD5D


M





M&O:VE#

MAP3







E&

MW_SLYM]_?_=)J\/G[.'9S;4!&ET'[.5)$W5?5TO[ZRGV\!N^:,3QD4?Z1#
M]H *@78]-%.689D]\C#&!MY-G%(]6\PZ[E(M6
+?95TP*.!BCB5:(2=#I08$


M -*+I8%7RYLR


MQ






?'_9NVK\31\-2E+#_&\PG[QK!E !FW$
M&]!YQYH Z\WWJ.EUXG=J4G8GPE\*/M3R\X9^J1/W?)+D7.FVE4K2V3)4#W67
M)T\JAHOW6HQQCPF[XWS,/G[\TT)ZZ#B3<G;=*H76#_CH_XVIP*399N!^7
FTRR&'T,<^V&T4##7['U1QR<-(T\%SLT&/A51K%+W&T#9+F&2OUF*B6=38V
MFNV)% )XF*# :68+)KL-$C[[MBA\[:DU
P-B9[SPJ@+M4+$
)7#10P1.2





MPM7HAS936#C5WR.=#Y+=%TGWDZ3Z)FD^RI
6=#Y+ZN_N@@3
\9D'&XPAQ#4O




9)%8I_0@ &
M[W0U#B\]![(DL8Z=O[+ZN(R_L.F+3RQW--J&_);#6OK:N)T:+L:-PCQD0]PH

5\



M$%_Z1%TT)&OA


_30'LU. W
ORWA-'YBG7P1\



MQRCC:MX)R)67)IHR^$7472E86O@^?*;1-J'-(-0/?ENN=EL5--IM5#S \9*Z

M+0T[4Y@X=X\O Q='IAN@V+6'(+VF)&EL**R7.Z7Y:/DVNRFSFON7BC6R0@Y7

M-VX'?\


06M2/T]0NL/
M\IV5C#^-$5;?)
GNH]A)6%?3;997QP;=!&CP4'8W']8^/!SSG:.EX@0C]V5C




M0\:= MDR[3&63
?\.(MJZUL4P57C2GQB!@DNB*#6V]0*3??L'%UK3M?LU'U
MSBC,FH02FV8@ZV:4./%]0 =Q!O ^R7)50Q6G*5$$5P,I\0G/Z]2
)5\KD6]

M*=^Q8C[%-BD#=2)@M2RN-C(#%9+_UAK\(&RGXW4::C 96@-S ]C5.8)*!FL@


MLQSV*876M%7$U9PC40_;LU;OK$0[]P!H702_HP&[LG[.0E8KRJ\-0^[P)JV-
M../)I' UE0ZB

R





HJ
Y\7KO6






)ZC0+5?76?H$UXOY63UL2?Q

-
JP
M. +U=_P6=A73P#=?ZB*P=+S*H;M*7]AR'.XNP2OV2D?*7AM1@TX ;=


A2ZY5=_=H^UNT[(_5\[_^




Q@$)VY^ R
M3N.27L






M@'M?D



MU2

M'='..#:XYK;EI]_F0&QEL;/A^8UQN\FF5Y3YMKI6!W%L#\]!6IM_D_&;PC0Z
M@$



(M^A*R6YT%)+X

/%]A)_'_7]VY)$(PV#X*AS
M4[AQX^C$_B %2



ML

+%1^*
S2L?.MSIP.(8B/;MR
 PO:])I
MLK








.H#
S[SD\3*

]/J1GAC_&/.QSV(^


MWD-(^&?X[.3ZG5+^7^*7\@?CHF4S2$^$YUB1@._^8B-Z

I2U;XOO8M7*YKF



6:@;3?M:

T'/'.V.7+V3199B@]8W/5/?HB*7M(R!\9_\;%
M$V '4S3'=(_Z
E\H!.Z[IAZ+S9?(W?P$0Y]W&U!/WRX_H^^
'*5'88\!L-(
M W0=\$@

HU??:_AC
U!;H0

=UZ%$ZKMZ/CLN.B
MG]'[/\=5UU%AV'.M


93MK<
M9N!#

RO_^V

MC+NM-;VP[CIBUQ4_B&O^A[TNY#DE44S4YJXALOS/8I WQ?^]G;V:;7I5






WUNR%LX\T;)(
:4]I2IZ $'Y


D-*UU$


M@WH[5WZ!FGN:% @Y?YAD7[XZ0B%H-'?F'*B7L P&!:LXT!!NZ7FT=/(HH@.?
MO)( *WTS&/LA4;+/ F.9L^'=7?F50@(F[#$B80R_Q\R2WQ2=81,B3M.16
M,[.TO5P?#&P@@_/ ZE-0J
73J :F?U6SKP36R AXP^'Y/FA9.W134 ;G^#S





TO5QY\_7%@8EBJ@M1IO+]B[5'O\+
MRTC09



\SL;1\IZP557I=$NKK#44S\'NY%V//1H9X)AQ




262&!85-(DD
MIHC\]K-&&9'?2P***2)_BLB?(O(/BM$4D8\9H\IK!;\GSEF^0 2YO7M3'0ST
MQ*/N[#IB'.S.;2$*=-@5N7E/LO0Q9O2?.\.#%K-F)]?QXFVP4K&.%*.\$H(-

3

M! :$I*ESDYHE%$IN752?FJH@3%40]F0[VBH(7DB26_)$HHQH4X(U&CI?RJ$7


LO 9=$F_1EU\1U'EU;
M












M 'Y[-Z;\!_WQW

4M(+0S#%V*
?E6!


MB9_2)YI22&&G-F

M(=EC]C[N;7X/\S77(3R]Z=B08.!81

MT$$QJY?-






M.&PE/7GG:
%ZG;[<A%Z4\I51!(JM%1O



)&

:!Z

M;S!K4@=0ZK&H9NG@P_$LYBL32^E#2. P-CI!43RTY:@;B@K9#);.?O?E2TY@

M\6L+7'A]V+O@VC*8G:LW;;&7W-AMI(+=?$XDC\*IX
D+Q5PI$NG7G1;5VF(W


MIDC**3N/
WXS?XBSM*HM@*7#9@S'BT*O^M#(^VTK2@PK0R7UT'SQ-T[L*7GB








(AE$(&*;
9Y**DG
WA.6G _FT:?CU\%XST6W&^\V*C@[OKQZ+



M


_;_[U;U
Z@EXBM@H-

H+X7N* ]%N @0L !UPVC
2MR7MT2

MEP7J7\(24&[&DE@=R2@R7RM4;22BPXD




C97((
&;P$: 8

M277A!UX_[8: 0H3 AF//'*:55\1JS1=W7FAAT='U@0*'QZ1CEL#XUU.1'9:E
M-




G#-.5B*G

6X2L_)5FAWC?2+8H+X*%88?X^JIA=?'?



3[MA-MR[537U

S/





MPV9].!-$ZA[.RYFTA

+*XBV%8W7P)%Q0_V_FA?E6L[N/
M

M!

I='G3LHL+D3(%2)F[


MZ%PL%D1$SY-MP

M?\BU3PQ8$P82
0[].0N]))DORM#Z


M1IU%RS(-%R5Z'0/X=IP/+"6,H2PV%5U$6=H!H9%@'U)9%=68XMC*SHXY)
M;%


4XDE8%-Z*J=:






M;7+!G%PP)Q?

M27=&3\5.9^J$WW

#'$1$:/'MNA85


5MY6D_-]ZT\



HG<9 HX]1+J\Y;G-
Q2
MHR





5[MUJ(?(XG6&ORR\!3



MP2[/AUA&_Z@1L1ME+&Z3;62# ]4[XO/#0B R_I71S!J#K*2M:X
 O#R&DE$D
3ZZ /S,^H@I(%<VK:E5CA)E9IIFB4K5W;%&#B-S [


M2V8;\J;X[8.P
Z7C=^*N

CTV5;5/T#YQKA_]SU3+9OJ2KZTNH







#9^KG


+5^YJ66X






[CY]$: 2+KZO=#;@

MZ[V70)W'L&K8\(
C%E=)JB#4Y.


81

(1$[3=9Q


N0X

?+7E
KP^:_;'W%E=C@G#^F.$_/;BJH]AOO:*!]4
M] !



Q2VEOM\#NGH/9FKKINB.I&XC;UM)8UQ2


&M=Q%
315902






CZOK!-T:!O
W4&M8?:Z8


H(PY




Q9_H='RS%OS7](7N_FE'L7Y
M
=
6.7FBUT4
MSYD7AB0X?2G;)65#S4-)YX&A6+NWF_0D0Y?6





C0A^
M?M#S//X7Z_V+Z

6@CW7\&2=\/(
MBF8K;4IUJT&@&H#-800D&QP3MUH'8+[89*RN4*R&$M 5J![@P=8#CA@TWJZ

)&I3?Z-!+=?77<H7NZ-(U;R



M^Z&M:[


[Z_9ALG5.
M.88'R#'LN-CNE&
8=X[A&WYW);!E3=+4N8'6
LVPDEL

X]2SCF$?$ES5('@
?5SOMS9^/J:

M?QJHQZF6=O7/(D%



MKQCMEDV-&
:?U.!BM0[C%T)*_;RFWH
H$2@JCA5Q_R=1\#F.?%.^ ]MQ@+K@

D5:@C)DJTDN@V0[@W O6-W/

MJLU9Q[Y_
\B^C2C5V)'NXU/$PA2Q

EB7RZS0ZJCQ[^_FW]Z%X9




)6MG;M
M&&TG:P/3.&Z?@H7YHL*3?O=5-

M/1 .!+7:6*]U;\OB






MQT[J-H[3R$.5L.&9[-. #A6OWMA'YXOKJ* /M$@\T)#'*\.9*9!(H#E'-0



?S
MQF-SELLH^,4+,W)#6,XZ%&]U?]<!IV!-PG$I0(H#F<RS3TG5U&@@O%^<S4
MR;4C+BR5#HQUC OL+[$(]KJERT==9A9=']?QD2TGF(QQC  5RG25))GM[K?I
MX]I/NM/6M\_XL6U[!8_S+$U2+[<8V2&\U]&Y-V,7F4B&#_6.7^% I]GC+-6
M5$4O./Y

MRZO:_A!0)7!O




8

MU[W)2

\3&H






#%/.K@W17\EPF&&!?\T. MR9Y?S4%62#T!
MXWG!/PD7\EE-K&Z8@VDRWT2
9Y'W
-#
Y)SIHGQ#6^NU=*2CM%4?7 #T)$H

)XB(P?&

MX#@Y.$X.CI.#X_BN.XWDZ//TD;#[1Z]
GIY\%J&5=]P!WORM?AZ!TBVZ+R




5Y;]G



 Y]*6C*;X]0KM0JTFHPURYN_6A%

MDLZ*O4=AV!SF4ZY]!7LP=@Z)@7NU*6F[B5F^/RYR4T:IXYS^
V]-4R^\)E[2



M:



5S@E&5








/M(7'HOX
M=KEEW^P

M

4R^AOAHDRV'&4BZ^E71P 
L/Q2SGT0O/XM4J




=M(\KMGL3WW/C44T
[WXKY[
!;DIH
M


?UPADQ*7NRU8E@-; UZ'!B@/THOU#KSPWG&HJ



MPDL*;\E:E!J(EF:#OKJ'RP-X^0UC60HJ=28,35=7+LX&#IG[!-O..X(]6Y


MK)?;46;Y

;Y^J
M#F/0\4#DO?/)GG&]T]U%R2XZ/7,#!R%] ]^LSOH-+FSD]F)CW3HX+Q&6YR



M5BM8P+U'XAAE)PPD^R#Q

E[IJML


M         ( !IL! &YB978M,C Q-C$R,S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M !.#?TH=&=5H*4,  %$6!0 5                95$ 0!N8F5V+3(P
38Q
M
C

C Q-C$R
@

end



