

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-17-003629
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170714
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		17965034
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     





Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE


For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

its Charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    





New York
 New York 10174




Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)&nbsp;


12(b) of the Act: None


12(g) of the Act:

Common Stock
 $.001 par value



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.




has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K.




is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).



 2016 (the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates
was approximately $508
074 (based on a closing price of $0.1196 per share on such date).


 2017
 13
757
550 shares
of the registrant's common stock were outstanding.




    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Certain statements made in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations.
Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately
and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements
included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements
included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded
as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors
set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations&rdquo; and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used
herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


    
    






    
    





Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or&nbsp;&ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware
on September 26
 2005. We are a corporation with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations
since our incorporation in September 2005. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut
Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which
Dreesen retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to
promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.


 2008
we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of our Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


2013
 we declared and paid a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock to stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the
&ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each
share of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;).


data contained in this Report has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend and all
fractional shares
 if any
 as a result thereof have been rounded upward to the next whole share.


 2017
our authorized capital stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock of which 13
757
550
shares of Common Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of Common Stock currently outstanding
are validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.




 2007 (the
&ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the
aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
of our
Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option
of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds
to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of
shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred
forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of
Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one
hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty
one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal
amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811
of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount
of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


    
    



(i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a
then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii)
all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii)
our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated
our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.


resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


 2007
we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common
Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock.


 2007
the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares
of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common
Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated
preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
Elimination Date.


 we
sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares was exempt
from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The stock
certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.


 2013
 Ironbound
Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;)
for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;
Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings
pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089).
The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented
69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.


 2013
 Ironbound
loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May
2013 Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
as described below.


 2014
 we
raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound
a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity date
of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified
Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined
in the 2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).


    
    



 on July 25
2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together with
the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal
and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following
the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The
May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.


1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.


 2015
Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
 2015
 Mr.
Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s resignation
were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
 policies
or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of
President of the Company.


 2015
Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note with the same terms as
the Prior Notes. The proceeds of this note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 we
issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding Notes&rdquo;)
in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the 2016
Note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 we
issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound. The July
2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal
and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined
in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.


 2017
we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000 to Ironbound.
The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity.
The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common
stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined
in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.





Date
 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo;
company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to
engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business
objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with
an operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry
or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken
by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


    
    



agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find
a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination
and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities
or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target
business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business
combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds
remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


a target company to enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares.
Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time
delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public
offerings.


limited resources
 unless and until additional financing is obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single
business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the future performance of a single
business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in
multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect to have the resources to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will be an even higher
risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.


present management to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely
the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
our assessment of management may be incorrect.


target business
 we expect to consider several factors
 including the following:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



are not intended to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based
 to the
extent relevant
 on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a
prospective target business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
meeting with incumbent management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.


    
    



required to select and evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate
the business combination (including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing
pursuant to applicable corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a
very small portion of his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require a longer
time than if he devoted his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry
out our business and affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon
 among
other things
 whether we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination. We expect
to use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees
so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.


various prospective target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities broker-dealers
investment bankers
 venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
 the executive
officers and our affiliates.


federal and state tax laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations. We will evaluate
the possible tax consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business combination so
as to achieve the most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders. There can be
no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax treatment of
a particular consummated business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax authorities
ultimately prevail in recharacterizing the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences to our
company
 the target business
 and our respective stockholders.


or business by purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage primarily in such activities.
Specifically
 we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &quot;investment company&quot; under the
Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application of the costly and
restrictive registration and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


Investment Company Act excepts from the definition of an &quot;investment company&quot; an entity which does not engage primarily
in the business of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
 owning
holding or trading &quot;investment securities&quot; (defined as &quot;all securities other than government securities or securities
of majority-owned subsidiaries&quot;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding government securities
cash or cash items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the availability of this
exception from the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business through the purchase
and sale of investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an investment company
the provisions of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified as an inadvertent
investment company. We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage of any exemptions
or exceptions from application of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during any three-year period
to claim an exemption as a &quot;transient&quot; investment company. The necessity of asserting any such resistance
 or making
any claim of exemption
 could be time consuming and costly
 or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.


to a business combination may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of
its state of organization. This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.


    
    




    
    


IN ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION
PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS
 OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL
CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT ARE SIMILAR
TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
 SUCH AS COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS
OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.


Date
 we have no operating business or plans to develop one. We are currently seeking to enter into a merger or business combination
with another company. To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements and searching for a
merger target.


ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN


 we
have incurred negative cash flow from operating activities and an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For
the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. We have spent
 and subject to
obtaining additional financing
 expect to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing our business strategy.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

WE
HAVE LIMITED RESOURCES AND NO REVENUES FROM OPERATIONS
 AND WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING IN ORDER TO EXECUTE ANY BUSINESS PLAN
AND HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.


no revenues from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next
twelve months. In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
 at the earliest
the consummation of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting our abilities to
achieve revenues
 in order to avoid status as an &quot;Investment Company&quot; under the Investment Company Act
 we can only invest
our funds prior to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that
determinations ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.


relied upon funding through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&nbsp;
On January 11
 2013
 Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.&nbsp; As a result
 we do not expect any further funding from
R&amp;R.&nbsp; Subsequent to our fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 9
509
440 shares of Common
Stock then owned by R&amp;R from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases
No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). Since May 14
 2013 we have borrowed $267
000 from Ironbound and issued the aforementioned
Outstanding Notes
 July 2016 Note and February 2017 Note to it. As of March 31
 2017
 we have $40
300 on hand. Such funds will
not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional funds. We cannot
provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms. Failure
to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.

WE
WILL BE ABLE TO EFFECT AT MOST ONE MERGER
 AND THUS MAY NOT HAVE A DIVERSIFIED BUSINESS.


and we will most likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification will subject us
to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse impact upon the
particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.


    
    


WE
DEPEND SUBSTANTIALLY UPON OUR PRESIDENT tO MAKE ALL MANAGEMENT DECISIONS.


a merger will be dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Jonathan J. Ledecky. Notwithstanding the importance of Mr. Ledecky
we have not entered into any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Ledecky concerning compensation or obtained any
&quot;key man&quot; life insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Ledecky will have a material adverse effect
on our business objectives and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Ledecky and do not anticipate that we will hire additional
personnel.


OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.


create the risk that management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. An officer may be entitled
to receive compensation from a target company he or she identifies or provides services to in connection with a business combination.
A conflict of interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders.
Further
 our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. In
addition
 Mr. Ledecky
 our president and sole director
 is currently involved with other companies and conflicts in the pursuit
of business combinations with such other companies with which he and affiliates of our majority stockholder are
 and may in the
future be affiliated with
 may arise. We cannot assure you that conflicts of interest among us
 our management and our stockholders
will not develop or be resolved in our favor.


COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.


competitive market for a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful
business combination. We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint
ventures with and acquisitions of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
including small public companies and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable
target candidates for us. Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial
capabilities than we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities
and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and
consummating a successful business combination.


ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.


is highly speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition
and management of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having
established operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion.
In the event we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor
firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.


OR OTHER TRANSACTION.


with respect to engaging in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity. No assurances can
be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination.
Management has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk that funds allocated
to the purchase of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations.




    
    



OF A MERGER.


a merger or business combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial responsibilities.
Upon such event
 Mr. Ledecky intends to resign from his positions with us.


AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.


Incorporation authorized the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 86
242
450 authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are authorized and
issued in connection with a merger or business combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective
ownership interests. Furthermore
 the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely affect prevailing
market prices
 if any
 for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity
securities.




 2017
2017
 Ironbound beneficially owned approximately 69% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 Ironbound is able
to exercise control over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the approval of mergers
consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.


WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY MARKET.


Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &quot;penny stock&quot; to be an equity
security that has a market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
subject to certain exceptions
 including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities exchange. Our
Common Stock is not now quoted on a national securities exchange and has a market price of less than $5.00 per share and therefore
may be deemed to be a penny stock. As such
 they are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell these securities. For example
 the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of such
securities and have received the purchaser's written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally
 the rules
require the delivery
 prior to the transaction
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market.
The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter
 and current
quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally
 among other requirements
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The &quot;penny
stock&quot; rules
 may restrict the ability of our stockholders to sell our Common Stock and warrants in the secondary market.


LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE LIQUID MARKET.


been thinly traded and is currently quoted on the OTC Markets
 which provide significantly less liquidity than a national securities
exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty that we will ever be accepted for a listing on a national securities
exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may find it difficult to resell their shares at prices quoted in the market
or at all.



    
    






    
    




    
    




office space provided to our executive officer by Graubard Miller
 our legal counsel
 located at 405 Lexington Avenue
 New York
NY 10174. Graubard Miller provides such space free of charge. We do not own or intend to invest in any real property. We currently
have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.



    
    






    
    








    
MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.


. Our Common
Stock is traded on the OTC Market under the symbol &quot;NTWN&quot;. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices
for our Common Stock for the periods indicated and as reported on the OTC Market. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-up
 markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2017.

. As of July 7
 2017
 there were 93 record
holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.




or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future.
The payment of dividends
 if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements
and financial condition and such other factors as the Board may consider.


    
    








    
    



 as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 we are not required to provide
the information required by this item.



    
    





with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation in September 2005.
Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception
of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. The license from
Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.


Date
 we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose has been to effect
a business combination with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of yet
 we have no definitive
agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find
a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination
and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities
or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target
business which we believe has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business
combinations with more than one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient
proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


a target company to enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company
would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant
expenses incurred to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


limited resources
 we expect to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely
be dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several
business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect
the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business
may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in
which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.


required to devote a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis. We expect to
use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees
so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.


management to play no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely
the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
our assessment of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.


    
    



objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with
an operating business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our officers and directors.




 2017
we had no operating business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating business but instead
plan to consummate a business combination transaction with an operating company.



Continuing Operating Expenses for the
Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
 2017&nbsp;Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
&nbsp;2016


with limited operations and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


the fiscal years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016 were $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. The majority of these expenses primarily
constituted general and administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act.




 2017
we did not have any revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided in the form
of loans and capital contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
 we do
not expect to have any revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will occur or
that we can engage in any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent upon
future loans or capital contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that our present
stockholders or management will make any loans or capital contributions to us.


 2017
we had the Outstanding Notes
 July 2016 Note and February 2017 Note payable in the aggregate principal amount of $267
000 payable
to Ironbound
 our majority stockholder. We had cash and cash equivalents of $40
300 and negative working capital of $258
071. Such
funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional funds.
We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms.


commitments are professional and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings with the SEC and
other regulatory requirements. In the event that we engage in any merger or other combination with an operating company
 it is
likely that we will have additional material commitments.




required to be disclosed in tabular form as of March 31
 2017.




 2017
we have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
 obligation
under a derivative instrument and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.


    
    





are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Note 2 to the financial
statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.


the policies below as some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our financial position and results of
operations.&nbsp; These policies may involve a high degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical
accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. Although we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate
and correct
 actual future results may differ from estimates. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail
 the results
could be materially different from these reported results. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our
business operations are discussed throughout this Report where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.


our financial statements
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities and equity and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. These
estimates have a material impact on our financial statements and are discussed in detail throughout this Report.


of preparing our financial statements
 we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
This process involves estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing
treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities
 which are
included within the balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future
taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely
 we must establish a valuation allowance. In the event
that we determine that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount
 an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made.


stock option grants under the provisions of the accounting guidance for Share-Based Payments. Such guidance requires the recognition
of the fair value of share-based compensation in the statements of operations. The fair value of our stock option awards was estimated
using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions and elections in adopting
and implementing this guidance
 including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The fair value
of share-based awards is amortized over the vesting period of the award and we have elected to use the straight-line method for
awards granted after the adoption of this guidance.



    
    



 as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.



    
    



below
 beginning on page F-1.



    
    






    
    


(a)&nbsp;&nbsp; Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures


 with
the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our &ldquo;disclosure
controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered
by this Report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and chief financial officer concluded
that as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures are effective&nbsp;to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our&nbsp;president&nbsp;and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


    
    



 including
our president and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.

Management's Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2017. In making
this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
 which was adopted by COSO in 1992. Our management has concluded that
 as of March
31
 2017
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp; Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during&nbsp;the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report&nbsp;that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



    
    








    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.



sets forth information concerning our officers and directors as of July 7
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


. Mr. Ledecky
has served as our president and a director since October 2015. Mr. Ledecky has been a co-owner of the National Hockey League&rsquo;s
New York Islanders franchise since October 2014. He also serves as an Alternate Governor on the Board of Governors of the NHL and
as President of NY Hockey Holdings LLC. Mr. Ledecky has served as chairman of Ironbound
 a private investment management fund
since March 1999. Mr. Ledecky has served as a member of the board of directors of Propel Media
 Inc.
 a digital media holding company
since January 2015. From June 1998 to August 2013
 Mr. Ledecky served as a director of School Specialty
 a Nasdaq Global Market
listed education company that provides products
 programs and services that enhance student achievement and development. School
Specialty was spun out of U.S. Office Products in June 1998. Mr. Ledecky founded U.S. Office Products in October 1994 and served
as its chief executive officer until November 1997 and as its chairman until its sale in June 1998. U.S. Office Products was one
of the fastest start-up entrants in the history of the Fortune 500 with sales in excess of $3 billion within three years. From
July 1999 to July 2001
 Mr. Ledecky was vice chairman of Lincoln Holdings
 owners of the Washington sports franchises in the NBA
NHL and WNBA. Mr. Ledecky also has served as a trustee of George Washington University
 a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
and a commissioner on the National Commission on Entrepreneurship and currently serves as a trustee of the U.S. Olympic Foundation
and the U.S. Paralympic Foundation. In 2004
 Mr. Ledecky was elected the Chief Marshal of the 2004 Harvard University Commencement
a singular honor bestowed by his alumni peers for a 25th reunion graduate deemed to have made exceptional contributions to Harvard
and the greater society while achieving outstanding professional success. Mr. Ledecky received a B.A. (cum laude) from Harvard
University in 1979 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School in 1983.


    
    



full time to our business affairs and he will not devote a substantial amount of time to our business affairs.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common
Stock (collectively
 the &quot;Reporting Persons&quot;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the
SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2017
the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.




a Code of Ethics given our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
 our Board will
adopt a Code of Ethics.

Nominating




Board member and given our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent nominating
 audit or compensation committees.
Our Board has determined that it does not have an &quot;audit committee financial expert
&quot; as that term is defined in Item
407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to
our Board.



    
    



Mr. Ledecky has not received any compensation during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016.


the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage such firms
in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder's fee or other compensation. In no event
 however
 will we pay
a finder's fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an officer or director is affiliated.
We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.




nor do we pay our director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.







    
    



information as of July 7
 2017 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities) beneficially
owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &quot;group&quot; as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers and the sole director as a group.


    
    





    
    
    



    
    
    

    

Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
        

 11
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New York
 New York 10174
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
        

 11
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New York
 New York 10174
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Moyo Partners
 LLC 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New York
 NY 10022
    
    
2
377
360
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New York
 NY 10022
    
    
2
377
360
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

2640 Lake Shore Dr.
 Unit 1708
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Riviera Beach
 FL 33404
    
    
1
070
880
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    



otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the
number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned
by a security holder
 any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of July 7
 2017 are deemed to be outstanding
but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other security holder.


 our
president and sole director
 controls Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by
this entity.


not include shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Outstanding Notes
 the July 2016 Note and February 2017
Note.


Fund
 LLC.


Moyo Partners
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.


LLC.


by Mr. Warshaw include 520
880 shares issuable upon the exercise of an option at an exercise price of $0.002 per share.




    
    




    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.



Ledecky. He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system.


 2013
 Ironbound
 our majority
stockholder
 lent $100
000 to us and we issued the May 2013 Note to it. In July 2014
 the May 2013 Note was amended and restated
by the Amended and Restated Note
 which extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal
and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following
the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note).


 2014
 Ironbound lent an additional
$72
000 to us on the same terms as the May 2013 Note. The 2014 Note had a maturity date of August 31
 2015.


 2015
 the maturity
dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.


 2016
 Ironbound lent an additional
$10
000 to us. The 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2016 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The other terms of the 2016 Note are identical to the Prior Notes.


 2016
 Ironbound lent an additional
$25
000 to us. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The other terms of the July 2016 Note are identical to the Prior Notes.


 2016
 the maturity
dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.


 2017
 Ironbound lent an
additional $50
000 to us. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The other terms of the February 2017 Note are identical to the Prior Notes.



    
    





 2017 and 2016
 we were billed
$13
500 and $11
540
 respectively
 by Liggett &amp; Webb
 P.A. (&ldquo;Liggett&rdquo;)
 our independent registered public accountants
for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included
in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.














    
    





committee. The above services were approved by the Board.




Item
Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules




    
    
    


&nbsp;The
following financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are filed herewith.



    
    
    




    
    
Balance Sheets at March 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2017 and March 31
 2016




    
    
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    




    
    
    



is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.



    
    
    




    

    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Note
 issued May 14
 2013 and amended and restated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $72
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated April 1
 2016
 in the principal amount of $10
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 15
 2016
 in the principal amount of $25
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated February 14
 2017
 in the principal amount of $50
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;- Kirk M. Warshaw 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




 not filed
 in accordance with
Item 601(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.


    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed on June 30
 2006
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2014
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 5
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 18
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 16
 2017
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 and incorporated herein by reference.



Item
Form
                                         





    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.




    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

    
    
    

Date: July 14
 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Jonathan J. Ledecky
 President
 Chief



    





    
    




 INCORPORATED





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Twelve Months Ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm







 Incorporated

 New Jersey



of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as of March 31
 2017 and 2016 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
deficit
 and cash flows for the years then ended March 31
 2017 and 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of
the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.



the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as of March
31
 2017 and 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



have been prepared assuming that Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated will continue as a going concern. As more fully described
in Note 2
 the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and will have to obtain additional capital to sustain operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.


 P.A.


 NY

 2017





    
    






NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
40
300
4
555

    
    
3
000

    
40
300
7
555

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
31
371
27
798

    
267
000
182
000

    
298
371
209
798

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
13
758
13
758

    
    
    

    
2
055
756
2
050
756

    
    
    

    
(2
327
585
(2
266
757

    
    
    

    
(258
071
(202
243

    
    
    

    
40
300
7
555



of these financial statements.


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative
50
005
43
561


 net
10
823
8
646

    
60
828
52
207

    
    
    

    
(60
828
(52
207

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
757
550
13
757
550



of these financial statements


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED



 2016 and 2017



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
045
756
(2
2
14
550
(155
036

    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(52
207
(52
207

    
 2016
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
050
756
(2
266
757
(202
243

    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(60
828
(60
828


 2017
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
055
756
(2
327
585
(258
071



of these financial statements.


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(60
828
(52
207

    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    

    
3
000
    

    
3
573
7
147

    
(49
255
(39
935

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
85
000
10
000

    
    
    

    
85
000
10
000

    
    
    

    
35
745
(29
935

    
    
    

    
4
555
34
490

    
40
300
4
555



of these financial statements.


    
    



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED


 2017 and 2016




 Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or&nbsp;&ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously
held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida
and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen
expired on December 31
 2007.




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New
York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo;
collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
 par value $.001 per share
of our Series A Preferred Stock
par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000.
The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock
available for issuance upon any such conversion.


acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440)
shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting
72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand
three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series
A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred
ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in
full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December
Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into
274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal
balance.


was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


 2007
 we effected an amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


    
    



 2007
 the holders of all
the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock.
As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all
500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred
stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred Elimination
Date.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration
pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The stock certificate representing
these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
from registration under the Act.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for
an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired
Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of
our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.


 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;).
The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity.
The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.


 2014
 we raised gross proceeds
of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory
note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and
bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo;
(as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).


 on July 25
 2014
 we issued an
amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together with the 2014 Note
the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013 Note. The Amended
and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and accrued interest
on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise
remained unchanged.


 2015
 the maturity
dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.


 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned
from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from
his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s resignation were not due
to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
 policies or practices.
Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member of Ironbound
our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of President of
the Company.


    
    



 2015
 Ironbound advanced
us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note with the same terms as the Prior Notes. The
proceeds of this note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding Notes&rdquo;) in the principal
amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the 2016 Note was and will
be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July
2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal
and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined
in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 the maturity
dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.


 2017
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000 to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following
the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017
Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


POLICIES


in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are those policies
considered particularly significant.




have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates
Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently
considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have
no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business.
We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there no
assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any
sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business
combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have
sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations. There is no
assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of these uncertainties.


    
    



 Newtown has
incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2016
 Newtown had
net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception.
Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection
with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern.




with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect
on the financial statements.




of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.




Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; that provides for the calculation of &ldquo;Basic&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Diluted&rdquo; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities
have been excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially
dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had a total of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities
comprised solely of stock options.




is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations
in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax
assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.




all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate
their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market
interest rates.




guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange
for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding and vested stock-based
awards.


    
    



 the
fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain
assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating
the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&rsquo;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and
only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture
rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If
our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the
stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.


the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes model to estimate
the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions.


the year ended March 31
 2017 and 2016.




 management
does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material impact on our financial statements
once adopted.


 the FASB issued
accounting Standards Update &ldquo;ASU&rdquo; 2014-15 on &ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)
&ndash; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&rdquo;. Currently
 there is
no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance.
In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments
require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain
principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.


 the amendments
(1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
(3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&rsquo;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when
substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&rsquo;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and
other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date
that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective for public and
nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted.


    
    





 2007
 an employee and two officers
transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166
670 shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf.


 we entered into
and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our Common Stock and five hundred (500) shares
of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder of approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty
(14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent
there are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440)
shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion of R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting
72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand
three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred
Stock it acquired to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510)
shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction
of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal
and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030
for the remaining principal balance.


 2007
 we put into effect
an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available
for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate
shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock.

 2007
 the holders of all
the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock.
As a result
 the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all
500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undersigned preferred
stock
 par value $.001 per share.


 2008
 we implemented a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence
 $11
750
of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase
price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee
of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding
 Corp. in
Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.
13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an
affiliate of Rodman.


 2013
 we declared a stock
dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a
result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them
as of that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;). All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to
reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend was in substance a forward stock split.


    
    



 2017 and
March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use
 occupancy and administrative
services rendered by the officers.




 2014
we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise
prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options vested immediately and other options issued vested 50%
upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary. 


for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2017 and the three years then ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2016
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2017
886
990
    
    


 2017
886
990
    
    



    
    



Newtown&rsquo;s shares at a per share price of $0.00157737 as of March 31
 2017 there is no intrinsic value on the stock options
outstanding.



regarding stock options at March 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    
366
110
    
    

    
886
990
    
    
886
990
    
    



PARTY


 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the May 2013 &ldquo;Note&rdquo;).
The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity.
The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.


 2014
 we raised gross proceeds
of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory
note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and
bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo;
(as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).


 on July 25
 2014
 we issued an
amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together with the 2014 Note
the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013 Note. The Amended
and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and accrued interest
on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise
remained unchanged.


 2015
 the maturity
dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.


 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned
from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from
his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s resignation were not due
to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
 policies or practices.
Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member of Ironbound
our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of President of
the Company.


    
    



 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory
note with the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of this note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.


 2016
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding Notes&rdquo;) in the principal
amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the 2016 Note was and will
be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note).
The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2016
 the maturity
dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.


 2017
 we issued a convertible
promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000 to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following
the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017
Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.




of the following:



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
670
500
660
500

    
    
    

    
(670
500
(660
500

    
    
    

    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



 2017
 Newtown had approximately
$1
923
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&ldquo;NOL&rsquo;s&rdquo;) available which expires in various years beginning
in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in
2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation did not increase during the year ended March 31
 2017. The
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&rsquo;s may be reduced in the future
if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown&rsquo;s federal and state income tax returns for the years 2011
through 2014 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority. The Company has not filed Federal and State income tax returns
for the fiscal years ending March 31
 2015
 2016 and 2017.




 2017 and
March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use
 occupancy and administrative
services rendered by our officers.




and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial statements.


    














     







UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934
 AS AMENDED




 Jonathan J. Ledecky
 certify that:


have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;


or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;


issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal
quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is
reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small
business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting.



Date: July 14
 2017
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    














     









SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.&nbsp;



Date: July 14
 2017
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire&#13;an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
&#13;we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a&#13;yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective&#13;business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation&#13;of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend&#13;to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination&#13;of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.&#13;While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional&#13;financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For the years ended March 31
 2017&#13;and 2016
 Newtown had net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating&#13;activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding

 management makes&#13;certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures&#13;of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and&#13;expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such&#13;variances
 if any

&#13;these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had a total&#13;of 886


 none of which are held for&#13;trading purposes

 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing&#13;model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The&#13;assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s bet estimates involve&#13;inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
&#13;our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the&#13;expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed&#13;our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total&#13;options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future



 the FASB issued accounting Standards Update &amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221; 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#8211; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;.&#13;Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial&#13;doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments&#13;in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so

&#13;the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including&#13;interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain&#13;disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express&#13;statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year&#13;after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective&#13;for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15


 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166

 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
&#13;in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our Common&#13;Stock and five hundred (500) shares of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder of approximately
 fourteen&#13;thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $600

 with (a) R&amp;#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred&#13;nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion of R&amp;#38;R of the four hundred (400)&#13;shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand&#13;(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring&#13;two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion&#13;by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million&#13;four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and&#13;outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of&#13;the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and&#13;accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625

 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of&#13;authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#8220;Charter Amendment&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
&#13;as of October 19
 2007

 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of&#13;their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for&#13;7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized&#13;and unissued shares of undersigned preferred stock

 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &amp;#8220;Reverse Split&amp;#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant&#13;to the Reverse Split

 we sold 550
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued&#13;below their fair value; hence
 $11

 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Ironbound&amp;#8221;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquired&#13;Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our&#13;total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available&#13;and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;#38; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Rodman&amp;#8221;)
 Direct Markets
&#13;Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for&#13;the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of&#13;Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;#38;R

 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for&#13;each share of Common Stock owned by them as of that date (the &amp;#8220;2013 Stock Dividend&amp;#8221;). All share and per share data&#13;herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend

 2017 and March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating&#13;to the use

 2014
 we issued 886



















 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000&#13;to Ironbound (the May 2013 &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest&#13;at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into&#13;shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the&#13;&amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with&#13;the amended and Restated Note

 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
&#13;issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;2014 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note&#13;has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and&#13;accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the&#13;consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note)

&#13;on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;Amended and Restated Note&amp;#8221; and&#13;together with the 2014 Note
 the &amp;#8220;Prior Notes&amp;#8221;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution&#13;for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided&#13;for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our&#13;Common Stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)

 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31

 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October&#13;30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&amp;#8217;s and Warshaw&amp;#8217;s&#13;resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&amp;#8217;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
&#13;the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder

 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;2016 Note&amp;#8221; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &amp;#8220;Outstanding&#13;Notes&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $10

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;July 2016 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to&#13;Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable&#13;at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the July&#13;2016 Note)

 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31

 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;February 2017 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $50
000&#13;to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
&#13;into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the February&#13;2017 Note)


 2017 and March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating&#13;to the use

    

 Incorporated&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or&amp;#160;&amp;#8220;Newtown&amp;#8221;) was incorporated&#13;in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United&#13;States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for&#13;itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's&#13;Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31

 2007 (the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Moyo&amp;#8221;) and R&amp;#38;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware&#13;limited liability company (&amp;#8220;R&amp;#38;R&amp;#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &amp;#8220;Purchasers&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold&#13;to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares&#13;of our common stock
 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;) and&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;five hundred (500&lt;i&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;shares&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;of&#13;our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 each share convertible at the&#13;option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate&#13;gross&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;proceeds to us of $600

 with (a) R&amp;#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine&#13;thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;#38;R of the four hundred (400) shares&#13;of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand&#13;(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring&#13;two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion&#13;by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million&#13;four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and&#13;outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory&#13;notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &amp;#8220;December Notes&amp;#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted&#13;an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from&#13;us in the aggregate amount of $625

 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation&#13;from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective&#13;positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary;&#13;and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham

 2007

 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized&#13;shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#8220;Charter Amendment&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as&#13;of October 19
 2007

 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of&#13;their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for&#13;7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized&#13;and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock

 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these&#13;shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933

 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Ironbound&amp;#8221;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Acquired Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee&#13;of the Estates of Rodman &amp;#38; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Rodman&amp;#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in&#13;Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.&#13;13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;#38;R
&#13;an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6

 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000&#13;to Ironbound (the &amp;#8220;May 2013 Note&amp;#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest&#13;at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into&#13;shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the&#13;&amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with&#13;the Amended and Restated Note

 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
&#13;issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;2014 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note&#13;has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and&#13;accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the&#13;consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note)

&#13;on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;Amended and Restated Note&amp;#8221; and&#13;together with the 2014 Note
 the &amp;#8220;Prior Notes&amp;#8221;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution&#13;for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided&#13;for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our&#13;Common Stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)

 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31

 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October&#13;30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&amp;#8217;s and Warshaw&amp;#8217;s&#13;resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&amp;#8217;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
&#13;the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder

 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;2016 Note&amp;#8221; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &amp;#8220;Outstanding&#13;Notes&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $10

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;July 2016 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to&#13;Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%&#13;per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
&#13;into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined&#13;in the July 2016 Note)

 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31

 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;February 2017 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $50
000&#13;to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
&#13;into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the February&#13;2017 Note)

 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered&#13;a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific&#13;plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our&#13;principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through&#13;a combination with an operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific&#13;business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus


 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire&#13;an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
&#13;we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a&#13;yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective&#13;business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation&#13;of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend&#13;to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination&#13;of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.&#13;While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional&#13;financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For the years ended March 31
 2017&#13;and 2016
 Newtown had net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating&#13;activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding


 management makes&#13;certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures&#13;of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and&#13;expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such&#13;variances
 if any

    

 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
&#13;2017 and 2016
 we had a total of 886




 none of which are held for&#13;trading purposes


 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing&#13;model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The&#13;assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s bet estimates involve&#13;inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
&#13;our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the&#13;expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed&#13;our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total&#13;options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future




 the FASB issued accounting Standards Update &amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221; 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#8211; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;.&#13;Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial&#13;doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments&#13;in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so

&#13;the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including&#13;interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain&#13;disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express&#13;statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year&#13;after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective&#13;for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15














    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    





 2017
 Newtown had approximately $1
923
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;) available&#13;which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved&#13;as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation did not increase during the year ended&#13;March 31
 2017. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal&#13;Revenue Code Section 382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&amp;#8217;s may be&#13;reduced in the future if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown&amp;#8217;s federal and state income tax returns&#13;for the years 2011 through 2014 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority. The Company has not filed Federal and&#13;State income tax returns for the fiscal years ending March 31
 2015





























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      










      


      










      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized




 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


































      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      


      

      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      























 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 but is not limited to








      

      

      




      

      










      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercises in Period



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



 Options
 Expirations in Period


      

      

      

      








 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2017
Jul. 13
 2017
Sep. 30
 2016

















































  2017



































































074



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



757
550



























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











300


555







000





300


555












371


798





000


000





371


798

















Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

758


758





055
756


050
756





327
585)


266
757)





071)


243)





300


555







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 issued






Preferred stock
 outstanding






Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

757
550


757
550



Common stock
 outstanding

757
550


757
550

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016









Selling
 general and administrative

005


561



Interest expense
 net

823


646





828


207





828)


207)












757
550


757
550


























































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balances at Mar. 31
 2015



758


045
756


214
550)


036)



Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2015



757
550




























000




000











207)


207)



Balances at Mar. 31
 2016



758


050
756


266
757)


243)



Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2016



757
550




























000




000











828)


828)



Balances at Mar. 31
 2017



758


055
756


327
585)


071)



Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2017



757
550







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











828)


207)





000


000












000







573


147





255)


935)












000


000





000


000





745


935)





555


490





300


555







Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






NOTE
1 &#8211; DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY&#160;

Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&#160;(&#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221; or&#160;&#8220;Newtown&#8221;) was incorporated
in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United
States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for
itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's
Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.&#160;

EQUITY
TRANSACTIONS&#160;

On
August 8
 2007 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&#8220;Moyo&#8221;) and R&#38;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware
limited liability company (&#8220;R&#38;R&#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &#8220;Purchasers&#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold
to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares
of our common stock
of
our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 each share convertible at the
option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there
were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.&#160;

On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine
thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&#38;R of the four hundred (400) shares
of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory
notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &#8220;December Notes&#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted
an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from
us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.&#160;

On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&#8220;Board&#8221;) and served together with
Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation
from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective
positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary;
and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.&#160;

Following
Mr. McGill&#8217;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.&#160;

On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized
shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &#8220;Charter Amendment&#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as
of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding
as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.&#160;

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these
shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Act&#8221;).
The stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.&#160;

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&#8220;Ironbound&#8221;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock
(the &#8220;Acquired Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee
of the Estates of Rodman &#38; Renshaw
 LLC (&#8220;Rodman&#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in
Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.
13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&#38;R
an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.&#160;

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the &#8220;May 2013 Note&#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
&#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.&#160;

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;2014 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental
Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note).&#160;

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &#8220;Amended and Restated Note&#8221; and
together with the 2014 Note
 the &#8220;Prior Notes&#8221;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.&#160;


Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&#8217;s and Warshaw&#8217;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&#8217;s
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&#8217;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&#8217;s resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.

On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note with
the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of this note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;2016 Note&#8221; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &#8220;Outstanding
Notes&#8221;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds
of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;July 2016 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined
in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;February 2017 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the February
2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the
&#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

THE
COMPANY TODAY

Since
the Effective Date
 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &#8220;shell&#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific
plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through
a combination with an operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.








The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
2 &#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&#160;

Newtown&#8217;s
accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined
below are those policies considered particularly significant.&#160;



    
    
    

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire
an operating business and we are currently considered a &#8220;shell&#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a
yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective
business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation
of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend
to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination
of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.
While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional
financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional
business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&#160;

Since
inception
 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For the years ended March 31
 2017
and 2016
 Newtown had net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating
activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial
amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern.&#160;



    
    
    

In
preparing financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes
certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such
variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.&#160;



    
    
Statement of Cash
    Flows:

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents.&#160;



    
    
Loss per Common
    Share:

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221; that provides for
the calculation of &#8220;Basic&#8221; and &#8220;Diluted&#8221; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution
and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2017 and 2016
 we had a total
of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock options.&#160;



    
    
    

The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to
reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.&#160;



    
    
    

The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for
trading purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest
rates are indicative of market interest rates.&#160;



    
    
    

We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to
all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&#160;

In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#8217;s bet estimates involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the
expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed
our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total
options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture
rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current
period.&#160;

The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&#160;


No
option were issued in the year ended March 31
 2017 and 2016.






    
    
    

Except
as set forth below
 management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material
impact on our financial statements once adopted.&#160;

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued accounting Standards Update &#8220;ASU&#8221; 2014-15 on &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#8211; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;.
Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments
in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of
footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by
incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.&#160;

Specifically
the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including
interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain
disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express
statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective
for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
3 &#8211; STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; DEFICIT

On
May 9
 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166
670 shares a piece) to a
third party for services on our behalf.&#160;

On
the Effective Date
 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our Common
Stock and five hundred (500) shares of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder of approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock
is convertible only to the extent there are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such
conversion.&#160;&#160;

On
the Effective Date&#8221; (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred
nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion of R&#38;R of the four hundred (400)
shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of
the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and
accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.&#160;

On
October 19
 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &#8220;Charter Amendment&#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&#160;

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undersigned preferred stock
 par value $.001 per share.&#160;

On
August 29
 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant
to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.&#160;

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued
below their fair value; hence
 $11
750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for
cash versus fair value of such shares.&#160;

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&#8220;Ironbound&#8221;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;Acquired
Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our
total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available
and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &#38; Renshaw
 LLC (&#8220;Rodman&#8221;)
 Direct Markets
Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of
Common Stock previously owned by R&#38;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&#160;

On
August 15
 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013
(the &#8220;Record Date&#8221;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for
each share of Common Stock owned by them as of that date (the &#8220;2013 Stock Dividend&#8221;). All share and per share data
herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend
was in substance a forward stock split.&#160;

During
the years ended March 31
 2017 and March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.&#160;

STOCK
OPTIONS&#160;

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have
a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options vested immediately and other
options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary.




A
summary of the common stock option activity for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2017 and the three years then ended is
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Average
    Exercise
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Years)
    

Outstanding at March 31
    2015
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at March 31
 2016
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at March
    31
 2017
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at March
    31
 2017
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&#8217;s shares at a per share price of $0.00157737 as of March 31
 2017 there is no intrinsic
value on the stock options outstanding.&#160;


The
following summarizes certain information regarding stock options at March 31
 2017



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Price
    Range
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
520
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
520
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
366
110
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
366
110
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
4 &#8211; NOTES PAYABLE &#8211; RELATED PARTY&#160;

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the May 2013 &#8220;Note&#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
&#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.&#160;

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;2014 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the
consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental
Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note).&#160;

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &#8220;Amended and Restated Note&#8221; and
together with the 2014 Note
 the &#8220;Prior Notes&#8221;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.&#160;

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.&#160;

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&#8217;s and Warshaw&#8217;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&#8217;s
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&#8217;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&#8217;s resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.&#160;


On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note with
the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of this note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&#160;

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;2016 Note&#8221; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &#8220;Outstanding
Notes&#8221;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds
of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;July 2016 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of the Company&#8217;s common stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the July
2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &#8220;Conversion
Price&#8221; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.&#160;

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.&#160;

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;February 2017 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &#8220;Qualified Financing&#8221; (as defined in the February
2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the
&#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
5 &#8211; INCOME TAXES

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:



    
    
March
    31
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards &#38; capital loss carry forward
    
    
670
500
    
    
    
660
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    valuation allowance
    
    
(670
500
    
    
    
(660
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:



    
    
March
    31
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Provision
    for expected federal statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent differences
    &#8211; equity based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss for which no benefit
    is available or a valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Has
    been recorded
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
March 31
 2017
 Newtown had approximately $1
923
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&#8220;NOL&#8217;s&#8221;) available
which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved
as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation did not increase during the year ended
March 31
 2017. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&#8217;s may be
reduced in the future if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown&#8217;s federal and state income tax returns
for the years 2011 through 2014 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority. The Company has not filed Federal and
State income tax returns for the fiscal years ending March 31
 2015
 2016 and 2017.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
6 &#8211; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&#160;

During
the years ended March 31
 2017 and March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by our officers.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







NOTE
7 &#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&#160;

We
have evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial
statements.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017









    
    
    

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire
an operating business and we are currently considered a &#8220;shell&#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a
yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective
business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation
of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend
to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination
of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.
While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional
financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional
business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&#160;

Since
inception
 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
327
585 through March 31
 2017. For the years ended March 31
 2017
and 2016
 Newtown had net losses of $60
828 and $52
207
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating
activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial
amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&#8217;s ability
to continue as a going concern.







    
    
    

In
preparing financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes
certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such
variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.







    
    
Statement of Cash
    Flows:

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents.






    
    
Loss per Common
    Share:

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221; that provides
for the calculation of &#8220;Basic&#8221; and &#8220;Diluted&#8221; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no
dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be
antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
2017 and 2016
 we had a total of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock options.







    
    
    

The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to
reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.







    
    
    

The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for
trading purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest
rates are indicative of market interest rates.






    
    
    

We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to
all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&#160;

In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#8217;s bet estimates involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the
expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed
our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total
options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture
rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current
period.&#160;

The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&#160;


No
option were issued in the year ended March 31
 2017 and 2016.&#160;






    
    
    

Except
as set forth below
 management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material
impact on our financial statements once adopted.&#160;

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued accounting Standards Update &#8220;ASU&#8221; 2014-15 on &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &#8211; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221;.
Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial
doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments
in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of
footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by
incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards.&#160;

Specifically
the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including
interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain
disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express
statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective
for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017








A
summary of the common stock option activity for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2017 and the three years then ended is
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Average
    Exercise
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Years)
    

Outstanding at March 31
    2015
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at March 31
 2016
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at March
    31
 2017
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at March
    31
 2017
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






The
following summarizes certain information regarding stock options at March 31
 2017



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Price
    Range
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
520
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
520
880
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
366
110
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
366
110
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
886
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2017







Deferred
tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&#160;



    
    
March
    31
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards &#38; capital loss carry forward
    
    
670
500
    
    
    
660
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    valuation allowance
    
    
(670
500
    
    
    
(660
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:&#160;



    
    
March
    31
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Provision
    for expected federal statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent differences
    &#8211; equity based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss for which no
    benefit is available or a valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Has
    been recorded
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















May 06
 2013
Dec. 19
 2007
Aug. 08
 2007
Dec. 31
 2008
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Oct. 19
 2007


Preferred stock
 outstanding
















Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)









































000

















000


























Preferred stock
 outstanding
















Preferred stock
 shares subscribed but unissued
















Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)




















407
540












































000
000







































000

















509
440















Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member] | December Notes [Member]






















200

















000

















811

















030






























































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]

































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]
























































479
250


































820

















000











Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]






















509
440

















928
000




























Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]






















377
360

















481
510











































































































































































































































The number of nonredeemable preferred stock (shares) (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of preferred stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.










































































































































































































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.

























































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jul. 25
 2014
May 14
 2013
Feb. 14
 2017
Sep. 01
 2016
Jul. 15
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]




















000



















































000













Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]


















000


































000















May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member]






























000



May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member]


















000















Note 2016 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]




























000


000



February 2017 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]







































000











July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]











































000







July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member]









































000










































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











327
585)


266
757)





828)


207)





990


990
































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]








990


990

































990


990





990





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]
















































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) [Roll Forward]
























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.






































































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















990





990










880















880




















110















110








































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















May 06
 2013
Aug. 29
 2008
Dec. 19
 2007
Aug. 08
 2007
May 09
 2007
Dec. 31
 2008
Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Oct. 19
 2007
















000


000





Preferred stock
 outstanding




















Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)























1 for
50 reverse stock split (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.






































Preferred stock
 outstanding




















Preferred stock
 shares subscribed but unissued




















Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)


























407
540






















































000
000



Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member] | December Notes [Member]




























200





















811





















030












































































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]









































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]






































































479
250










































820





















000













Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]




























509
440





















928
000


































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]




























377
360





















481
510



































































000





















000





















750








































000





















670























































000





















509
440

















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
















































































































































The number of nonredeemable preferred stock (shares) (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of preferred stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.






















































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2015
































































































990




































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jul. 25
 2014
May 14
 2013
Feb. 14
 2017
Sep. 01
 2016
Jul. 15
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]




















000



















































000













Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]


















000


































000















May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member]






























000



May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member]


















000















Note 2016 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]




























000


000



July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member]











































000







July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]











































000







July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member]









































000









February 2017 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]







































000












































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











500


500





500)


500)



Deferred tax assets
 net








































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















923
000










000































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2017
Mar. 31
 2016











000


000



































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !IA[DH?(\\#P    !


Y*O$9YB.\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O



MHU
T/N


M=-A1 E$*8
TT

MUQ]^5V'GC=W9?VQ\$6QJ^'47S1=02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O





(=EJ$*_R\Q;DA
M6

BC
R(6

M_2/Z%YN\3F9/)=OPZG=Y5)=%F(?!D9WHM5(O_/Z5]0FE8=!G_YW=6*7A9B1:

MTA
C*BSYPI\A$9+)" JE'SQV!#I%:1-.M09SJ7P[+S$9F2<S=V1\!(Y@A0Q4

MK@J F3A0




MT^^B*TRZAN)M7W2AH?);_@-02P
$%     @ &F'N2D+M(2/+ @  ^PH  !@


M67?+\&!

4+2J))%':X6


MD\?2/.GS%S46Q



B'R&
M)4-9




M48
DTV79DBTQ=]GVNNI1RV4M57NOOW:@@Q:IOK_N%Y3G\'FG/2AO$WD0-(
M[[VDE5C[N93UB%QR*$DXH754*DG)\9+(M62GY&H.9C
944A1C/44F*RL]2


DUB3KCP*@P_][A(B0KNR@*I23O[5A49FS:)_'--FT(.T/8

MXQ1==9Q.LFDEX4 2CA5;5Q']DR!U?@\13D*$QA\-(8)I?S3ICXQ_-O1;B)M6

XHF=

M[4*RNNN0J&_3V5]02P




^=\)G=7B@8Z?\51/ZGM3\5_Q
M#1








_MZ8%<OZ=W3Y390CYGG+_E5YI(7 Y$_&
'2N:]M?;71K.

MQQ.F/6 EP+T@[.K1):O-?D8X62UJ=O/J[@]T)O)_&CYB4=^=O-B6L[TGM(

8(:8_=6L!04!&V



MD\B0818!H$$;$]*KYP@S\HNM?K'A%^NEP\[2.8G
26Q
8H8@!%KRMTYLY#FQ



M2P

M965T-BYX;6R-EEUOVR 4AO^*Y?O6?/JC2B(UF:9-VJ2JT[9KFI#$JFT\($GW





DUV?
].C7X4ET]\+(BFR5C]%W[FC9%;$I-C
M*QKE?I/M26G1CE$

WS7@T8#?#
05/YY
M4C\PS58+*2Z)'&:K9W91P#ML!G-K.]W8N6^F6F5ZSZL2+;*SC3-*UH,$S21P
M4F0F^)0!Q3*L46#W$FQ!4;Q##A: W9^/*\!Q_TDZB?.3V;^G'IC





M)5LQ:G3]A:]4X7E7MD3U:O?VTO
.[$?0LSW'Z^


M(X





B


M!$(9?Z:8=$X9B

L-7F.JYIF0J


M!






*S5#;+.G?US:$H@;UQ?:,SSES\3B?T#S;#L1%ZUZ






N^SC/LTWG^T?0)?'PEW
8X; X4





M3^=#B(\!7P5
=G
FH9(KXE



_2N('U!R).VJ4Q*IUVG:I$TZ


/J%YL1V (Z]:];:@G7/#D3%;



P.LCB0I$V2&R(95[C


M
[-PK\4?7KNNP'N

?D'S
MIUG_R4S+E45G[?R[QNXW6COPJ217?H Z_[T60T#CPO'6G\TT9)/A=#__'[)\


G*MI1-5+52*ZU2M7EF[;&-


5NVH(6]PAXZ

]@9$%4E:





]J_A4
MM'B9=MG%?9QN^.U

PZ9 
?
'X421&1R)F7K?B_#$Z8'[WI3!



MGB;; OM-@7T4V']8X@8F?5LD6_54@VGB-%E2XM#%25YYEX&]X_%-_L.G:?\A




2J3Q84LSC2#W2*TU=HAM/7\WH
M^P3GKU'^VO/7_V6X6F2(8=:XR08UV2 FX4)AMGB)EO49(L() L3#+/#31+4
M)$$$]@L3!$
CW&2'FNP0@7AA@F'N?#A[U&2/P+CV'N%#Z.\!\H0B26I4=!

V5OBFG!X6+<-+%S-;3+86%D.UX%9+J/\K]0
M2P


G6.K)




X/8TJ3 
]W= /ASA_
M'^7O W^_59\F=Q7&
/^I



M5&V?O3 %5^H;9;T[VL;0NG6+]@S/G/.C,=#,2G]9GH B]X%EZ;$O;7#D1!3
M]RHN5


RK1!J3.*7_A:?Q
M\'TTPWT(WV_5DSQ.D$4)LD0_5-B?E-B#'

$


M*/@5J))(:[JVDS:I.M.VSS1Q&G1XR8 V9_]^!MP


&SW)U5F[4U]5I7^YU@W9=;IV^8U;
^-R@Z#

]$Q]G71
M#M^K_5O;U:7QHE
ILQ_C;UX-OQ?C_\

&U!C0*\&.O9G!LP8L/\



;Y


+W'I
M)8+8;8HYV9+(?#S1
)X$\#FIPMP%!I0 0@6S-XM1E-J%%''
8KN1+]+.4\-

M]\1EG

5


MSHF

Z?$N%* JYNJBROQI<HPJPRP*CUO

;
H\H;XQ8509

*\


-UBX!=^'6




SNRK0W;)H=
///3(]
3\FU+S_X;.[)
PE4F
L::9W7S;ZT/


M1'W

MVD5TD6A(C7G&



L)^#\3@O^$*

3%(
M8!M29

M3L:V0C5#V:[:8T#;$;S41QRG.V?-_P%02P



(* 0:E
!JJ'
M*^R 


MN(IR=#6)!LS68? 4
R*0SCZ6P$LEMOB&CO\ML+M%1'BY0K1H(K+\:






YX;6R5E]%NVC 4
MAE\ER@,TL4,@J0I

M^/PZ+*^





MVQ#18;A%3)P$YF)SYQ-S.$$,S#!S28.0D6WBGTFMQH6J





M2AR




M25P0V/X0Y']^Q5O1K2M[0^7BP#:(J (\S=2P!:&0@\#BA R.M],0=$AL&P

Q_@M02P,$%     @ &F'N2G,P#'9[ @  :0D  !D   !X;]W




MM4(V\T]4T206O'%$6_R:FF^

M

$=!0DFB?H$1=%
HB&H$P(ZJY%.BPD'.FB!$(%E

QE
3+X

/D*^4W')*^D<N=+WK;T5SYPKIG-!UW9

$%     @ &F'N2@G4.0!U

M@V_KEU77/XBGXVWQ8K_;[N_M4^/NXD.4Q;JRFW9=;T:-74ZB/\3U5Y7V#H/%




0^3A^ZR-Y

M
-'5B?):#H93:Q.L)%N
M*1MF#QA:Q: (0F5TA)2.D'ZX<K,4K8OFMD=&BV1$FD&UF&67J^2T2O[A^L_R
MSZQL7R3)VI?@X6A4M!(TGE0EJ5;,F 17: 422[D03*$0N%((+<)Z!A?D?@_

M%PA\C61B


MR/A3

W@3AW3) 
O9*B%RT#T7-EFDK#B3&82ZKIHF7






M:&5E='

RYX;6R-5MN.FS 0_17$!RR8.Q%!RJUJI5:*MFK[[! G



M21RN/]2_J.)%
0?(T(;@/\61YTLS


3L=QM$[

M=CPQ\@QH]P T\AMH_08:OS
%AUJ!\''!VQ83CFW:

M\!GKVCEC$]CZ'[6MR1/-2

MR)OFL0:W7HGH68T@9F3D4G%Y

PX

$






GEDJX

H)I 6P+Q/B1
-&'RGS#Y


&F'+N8!8:(NYA%AIBW&D;ZUYE%H'JT%O$N!R,4$R@P&0H$O=&N
M&DQ08_(&XZH_7




DPI]0S[%H$!Y6 I/8CM(8@4X9P4@F*H=^O
M

M4BC.*D59[9ER#T$F4W!0*0IJ_T-)@\::@O-



CG; 0
M[@0  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M:\(I5420NE15*[52M%6WUPX



M0*DQTAA_)D\T;VD*E_




M&^;RKL1AX
7)
S?!#R(N72^#



M:96JZ;
7AHMB8V)[E_3O:QN6L








 D


M1&/_:XE*?NZ5N1:KZ#(Z'D)SV3?QO1XITP1XEYGFT2\BFJZ7Z
25_I7LA:\Y





^

JDT!E
9 &




M_QP\;)ITF


M+W-H965T

%\47



@,DZ!VN41V#
-M#LIE$XOG).L#H85L@W11(O4#ZI@KI314)O
8X3'W413=9/(?





M'_^=Y6[8*


D(S)F?Y:E0)RF_\$&F
M#6O1_.(8#GH;)Y5;'RW\$)_;=8[CQ=*/*@/5;%?Y) RF /C8K^Q!8UJ\6  5
MCK)X^K$E1G
_D:FXS+
AI/W[TVF2 U[+3\PTRIN'<?1G01\

.+
MXYK!H_'E\:\_7YZ=#*]'?Q



MEZ2E*PRC



M$C*F)=9B*
T\IF].\6W'@B9^O










M$AO$]


M!S_ NXN6I@3_%J!TW'?2X!13X%_@C! 2^0?Q9!*#:PD73'_,\FI$Y(.\
MJBL1 1[#)$9(7L/C8C;H(;>+[SHO7B\&6KU^_L*G'L 27A3-,&
MC6*:CFD @4OH8^(3SP@ 
D.X# RU:_\[+UXH6! Y:T$EW0)CGUP'MSLE
/EF9!EI/J<]C[7I\*_A<UN!8:YF)V
MMS/995HV-^4ANI=9W




OXZJTD


MI3Q/[%%X*904N X

M:P ZS3FHT7X6'6/ Z;S0-X %]!FA3J#NH@I*JC)ZK7'5'JWBZI# EKFE&P

(9



1 V\
N



M#N3&]: I7 #OL%]@V8UKNUN]1P


MQC5I':#H/(GXU-JJS=






SUK5XW^1
MB6T4S/(*A=:DS:&F(

[#=\+*ML+;5^#A!E!'G6

.?@9;O[O5$+*6CW*'M6,--S\-W@?_=%E0#V

M/NMJ]2



%^7Z[\SV1C!^!HM6R48U

MU\CZ(DZLQI*34Q(3FM%

\99^0]@4)X\0/4AARFU!
FED'



M177>9E1GE]  >#S%V3G W@4!!WC8\F)-6X5&'E@Z,]7&A;1U*8(VDB0>I.(
M 04O2G&?Q
B'&VKHWM-9I:5M/DI-]TJ:2 T#
M+21=/*UFX@5U)_@,W7U#U:2TCO?9GQIHCIV5+F7
6]KZ0
M4FNV^D746DZ)^CIV@]ZU9W;]]2BTJ$O<&S53%9/J37W\H74.OYYZ.F<V?'E



M)_]4UZ)= 1&P2='MB06773.[6
68[H#0P717@R=T*6 X86)Q'-WND7_Z-HGO
M89M+0*@(W=F8-Q;GMW

C9#'SC]%3D_L+D-S
M(E


4$]=)\



E_TIYM I[#*)7B'6T)$([_&)


;JJ:


;!D=7J\'(-Z\%LCN'FK/0_B;D!WCD@-3

H)=)GAQ' #S%9DH

M']-RRHN4F.)CLFSC/8L

M8$UG985*J








+EZ&H..^R^N&'!
*D(P
FA@@BG

ML4S%MU@
 Y.;Q:2[4D@%A':MH$:&PGQ[0K/H0E3''Y2J






R4N8G7WG)^J[$Q'O:MUVAFK H3C
M?)<*T=QH8!)',?(4I70,J:(?U71%

M(KF+T(LKY'(FQ8#THI(CPF
9@S AHJSS5J&W2RB!3E+*%-=C]H^1\%6+W)KO

MN_:H+7X:#*[4FC7RT8=




XI[FS)
MW?

4L2&W8SF@A5X\V;MUTZ^KI09DB9(21DE$T#;P*^H
BI








BWQ/';RV*KNO<2
MN\2C(8870C%6W?3-^D95 0!CM/7OA9SC'.WQ+-NMW78[Z@TE*J_&D]K'-:
MZ]I .3+K0KM^4IQ&7B\0AW0+.2&]AN^=OT@RMJ)@Y.Z09CWE?H_U;?PLS&





# =H<B9?A/J?-Z:#*!T9I=




:FR_\SWK\$:CUUC'1A5:DW=29T&C/AQ\XG1B=!]3 (C:



36];K'0\ )EGWF*G8=^2KEC
ZHC

M









WR+? B%!F;RZ4#(Y= *IV?CL^'%^.1







E[6=S2O$NVV!_I0MT!MZTE6[
MH6_4FV[;3WW;3WW;3WW;3WW;3WW;3WW;3[W83[U:I;NNMWI%[=DV8]\V8]\V
M8]\V8X^WS=BWS=BWS=B?O!F[VT?];Z:#^LX8#U;-_P&5 S@*)QFL:^*SD=6\
M;0NT;0M4_\(ZMMVQ:*F6%4-=R/\&V_[^/PU^_@4BLV844;.*$WPH@G*N*H

4T:YZ6^AB?F[X(9^%4_'Y.:LU_B_^A-B/89%7J
M/M7Z6351PNG*K') E-:7V#F(@9=?_:WH*?FL.1K[:C?M]ZK<(EOYU'CU3V9
M\LPTVJX_;K&YNEL+:B/)%1^
B=JKD@B*


1=\[RFZK5YM(H)H&=V1KT.(]JPJJ[]'
 \&NDK
I+5
M77=9K*28R G;=
Y3%%


M[Z21)Y@O2M2'E4 +CO9L1R^&EI* !1L3V

\$FC:UJ(L

6QE<RYX;6S5EEMK
MVS 4Q[^*4
9H8=1VVJ1LM0U;H3#82J%YV%M1[&-;H(LGRUG23S]=?$DRUJU9


MO'MJ'9ED4B%MZL!P1M;3//IPY'NV1#H=3H54+K?/X'^7W?]0-^S@)2Q 7*


XPLADP=F^_GR_%CO:Z0'Z
W9(0(TO1


F
:DSX




MGFQC#)_@'#[

_36;;NY\?TF6ZM-I^KC2K-FU55%[(U
MC_5WO]G42BZ;M5)MD?NDW[_PZE+;W2[;RNN_=%M=_.DU7OSI[Q[1#)K]9M*
MY?/0ZWNFGF]5W#:ZO^Z(;NI_8:I6*YVIL


M!^X.\HY.J @82L:

O]H
9X!C&=N&9.4IFS*

3T75PP9B*!Y8@+E21L'C.+(@SP'(\U,.843
M



M;$SP5\6U;$#






N
_R/;51JW22ZPPF- YD^[&\6^?0A-L&3OI+^- $FGFK










M2+KFM%
_'P=#PG&-A.


M @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P

M A0#%     @ &F'N2IO=9H^J @  !0H  !@              ( !^ @  'AL






Q+0!



M2HT9G;VT 0  T@




















M971S+W-H965T



M% 





\;?'=N1[[_%?
M!A
'\?O'V/OEC?;2L'$01O?OZM5J[=W_^_+YMM/C?6??^+$3K\C7H+QOU1



N(*(9)(

MM$ZI)K5'4]
?'%]YO\VACBY#3E=_WN<9KV4\N
M /





M]VL-
B7$YT
MTAX\\CQVCZ_A

D[/]Y&85!.TP#]P84



M:!GY49&)ELW(Y_L5VM/,/*1-7Z68O0C:_P8O]5.M(3RNO)=8R#SMYJ#;N5


MYZ:.KW'#=*QMJ=6L*AG+-$8PS88J9.SJF[;Z:ZV.F5%F*3GA_)%''2_F-Q&0



.;T7!OQ/!M^ Q[SFX]N_6V8NMMEX7Y


&*
56]08*[#26CRB
M8YQ#'
40G_/*^-^]Z





M



M/
/ BA.

G
M4G&1W*-^._3G9Y6[[U=BBL+[:N L2N7$/70VX3\8SGIP?(ID)6=.%(W@K7\Y

[87F6C6





D!KF;
*XPL]KD3G@ WLA-HAZ)_U+_'S@!LS8M:UN,\

DI#
M+DFP)P 24SP3F$5)M#)8KM

M99KG0+
P?58&S


0/UDA


M(D)4C:N\EH].['5 Y'_R_#09
'A2UVNEEH-HC?@]*Z39.#EIK TY&*;#N1LC
MY?4S3ZM8EN/F6-U&^53/ NDYE*R-UY'
!\\4@E]X@1-T7H2_QPBY'$!K1&\%
MB[):W
J/!XM#[)=!)^).S#]Q\=]5+%2CV3I\\H!W^?0K _U9

M;E@KKJZV]SO#E[\FL07873+HP>O YYC=.8[7G\ENZ.X.1::?G6P+^\%+@?X
MV** /D!5+0]PBJ/4*]&TQ=/N\TR[-*C/8NA:O;EJ,.


)\5QZ8L& OSG:)<(JX[\<#!VUCE&ST]\!Q7?6W!LA^[/V'V@40OM).'B/
M
D_VV&2A'WXYDT^'TX5J7&H/T;'\17R\/X









8



9A)(K^B%9
M6+B= CX.+L[BDVS(PO\$25=%WY APK;(
E00M*'G^[3A!4XI=NOWD$FRU8MX
M'QXGH=9-  .8F78-B.)20B(7(*J)\X./PU&*%_$UFJIQ89N(70*KC;8DB(]8

OA7<.H5M8=&V\0/=@5?)
M5#?J8_@:582+'.[DG8Y(36!;)5CYG^J51KU5:1XW@0FB
+WOL2].! *B4:LP

4'Q&JG07_SC207!9 'O9#^-82
:?CJJ5X_HQB;V?

F+C3$=*\TH%XD&4X7[S$AI#


X-'S\P458

M(.#J8)V;TG+D+Q+=*:L)S@B9VZ#64IA2F&]H:*8^HH2^AS+FT_(%H@O!OR


MJ#UP6T'A^-Y?J8?JYH$KKQ8&[H 5#T)6!CEREQY$%X98

MBJQ0

M^.35%FCQ!JX3N3'[&

UN@
!$


T!^B8R]@2/'Q\?54Y.

LJ*

 5!YQ_Q

M#8Q^3GEK)TDBKYV*O9Z$
JPB?FOS9 @J(E.[)=$/
1YIGX3&:Q\#!T0U18:-R'7%3&
(;L*CF%&/S\((G\4EH$P
MJ*0%(T)U1X1)H/A0=

'()3\F1;BKL@E(.*
-1IK&!



MI3F
$*CZ4@)$QFC8/9[+Q- ; 283MO2E2&'G&D+)7?4FY=\QV4Y%I8(8H#_T
M.!L^@MD7C!%A9&A?S.*0D_7JQ:GY,GR#Q':5$%9KP_/ZD(_[C '=P!52_8
M [V?W

MK02$N-QAD1?_8%U


M
=; :]NZH\E_QK

M4CF/X$OVU(0P8..*\AZH'%*87M;&DHL8&%IHKH%2HN[R+FL+=$Q$/HHWS(
MS*@NKFQ%&N#S\HIVHF 2IJ$\



]GE=M*W1 C
M?C)NJP3D^YU;0U


MVC!1J%AW.0VE&1.**EG1@)?].JI&ZB

3(*B59WT
M&#43*2_-5P=QQ2D'/%=
)X(#F*5P&$

JL8[J9\X5@!O_ SR=%'


MO?VFEP/B6/NU)C*+]M-'%DL8@\[Y;5N@M;O-#8@^W=IFT0Q5X'AFWN'U;?


/AD*H1
/48H
M%D(PS .L\BMUP9G0F7K1



@_







MKA=@$E@H@$B_9L2\C^BDI&HQABW#5




MR B@R\(I



&=5Z01IK$(K
M-A(])#.&U54
R%
*.B$G_P0EIZ*B^
MR_^B;
$S;+=)%8JUVE3..X]DPO6#3Z?C$MEN+8.PD%LK#]!E#%24_R5+/\6P



D :2ROD
9P98Y=^]Z ?[
M[D3PQ+#SBZN1;CJI[H(17WGS.68LL2F^:+G@!Q+JV(5/AY=@23T0%Y1_8'U
ML =$A?U4JU5:S:ILTC1Y$  9
*OL5Q9^WD0'8/D32E:@0[*PU /@5N!Q#.



$[XI2\XX*Y[]$E,Z(!:-9F(AWZ\E&K*J(Q;*:05A0B9@(N-_<


YCLR:RRE&\?OVSVC2;
_FB5-1WI+V82+5^*[0
<YSVR+(X\EYY:#L)A

M083Q)P__6TEI]ZV9
UJ*FT3Q=4K*4W$5D4%TL8+2;MNMF=$:.
;
N*FE^*JJ



MNKYW/.IGH.[]@2G!1=O';HK 
U5-&VAW'V'Y




]X_WE:N1*UL;+6\T:MY]54'UEW:BE0EJXJ
J*2R#+!YD%9

]S0LH)EA6UQ\VPID!G<;'7<=B'_
MV@6;907+EOHT-FJ(#



M:!8TIE/+LMLRIL4[NDPU_RK_Q]^%JV)?\)[B54PY6-\EUA\=K!)$(





5=3UQJ(VZZQAEN'K;^P^\V '?Q_$X*MN&/4=NG8[XO=.1+'

+7)%MIOUC#1S7$AA*06FCE6

MO9Q9HN0UX&\IOOLSVJNFC9G1
K^E^*[/:


=MN:



MEXA^AA

2S-U(&@U$M

MD5DFVC8FLHK

_F5]=,BED1:-G.LIWI
M1QQ\/


=7WOWES444


MPBZC

M&GX(HQ$+8.\P3]Q'-XB\H.


*K3



MM.V$ 8
!2^!]A$G.VV)[Y_(#6*.[\ ^;AX@N[-Q



M%KBI
LZ6P(NP



7=[Y


(UPA
N3ZGP2)D00 B
MXR\EK20UK=!9/1:KGG&](NX3[PA6;60Z3@LPN \8SG)%#)5A-@39#00)F-(J


MQWJ2U1=@?J'TNLI5/M+BTE()H!OXS WQ$@QD.7XRN%QK+LOQ*A

ME#Q*L(SQ:7%
-E?0MS4EZ$O6R.RPKTIF/2=/-0;JLV._^NXJL3AGQ(17'1Q!
MC B:#*MG!H87B(X4J3@[/$*PS1


MJ/D9.!R/5FR=N.ZDD!9A=F?EQDN4TX7FB(V20O04K'IX$+9
&8'@\P2K?K

MKN-%[

MCH3EC

MP7=C(^P&%M]5Q1KL#HY;B[(J#NC


8[5BI-^2G5

&MD'M1O$E!3GCP
_](1K]2GB(!N_Q.S3V&0)NQC
MY.3%:]\3X%PFU#H(TM7P


XK&T:4M
M(M(4@BP0I:
W*7A&#NS(TZP(:'S8R4?TH0DP$GQ?PE'(
/H0@ =389\_GX$H



M(*#5*&L^#+
GNEX7?M\[K!RV3BKU9O7M6.9L/!*(Z3WET_YT4*W6*)I)[Q0H




)ET4KQ;%+#)P?5:OY(:)\KFET$8Z6



MQD2*



-I
M*RF5ZU.K*0KV]CR/

$ 14






9RJ
JI4G/P3H


U:PJ3-G81L(*)L%




M5J.5ZZ9*%EY 

U*$'
M?!Q0$Z0M5$8Q617U


G6TCF5+ 8
M\M[WI/


MOQ?R]*:@!('MA;SY7LA6IMFFR)HXLTV1;5-DVQ39'A%9ZSG.76S#O/F5V@U^

MO.W!PH FR%M


_#^\@9

MN7@&OL#F7A%2RHEC/KUS\

MB



6*WRU[-X2_QZT

$((@
T7VYS=%ONLT



MS7.B1&R24FWABM08(@M:P$]=84P[+FHN\0A-V:=ND+*U2G8J%2P^ #H_N(XE



VPE(Z4YA4\(P1NC!2ANKJ
M-




HJ1CK9I4\!6Q^\-N:@







MF3GU3


^^$WN=\9,?^M45GI]F-VZ*)[@
M(NLB=\!HF))?LI!?(** +@ZGSL!1=5U_D

(1
MM?'!4[
^M6H0Y8WBVK$Y;BI^0@F-ZRSL#-[G=\[C
LIJO=$:J]W6JMVX$=I-
M\$#1GP-D9JL) C$H6@Q(CU.;CZ)





8SG2[+P*_2Z?%#2DU3

:R




RGS#-H/M552T:7;


MOMSF68$%!7O5F&


7D

7M&J[R=A

C
'5T_Z9(X6'1-B'U-T

3_
MKA.%JU 3^J+=KDSP:X'VTE

%I(



T[-
=%(
M7Y8$BB;]Y)*'34U


I2#)U*:S\M1X
MA&YE5PT

3GF

M-'$82U:PJ/@KQ5*]OOP10-YKY'!H_(CA-766045%^P#@O6!J59_3G2;1J!L

4_

K\K1VNJGMQ-23XGG5(AGJL8J- A& =I&QPWV1<LD'^1
M//0D3V '58!'L@^3]V<+!+*++E2#]0-V[D1X\M+-TPGP)O!1,KT\26OZM:;
M.9%([_1 @_C\NEON\XJ[MD_3I!=&6#!%98=T9OPALD#_C@Z?^11QXLY]2#]
MBI'U)2N*GRFTUAS6RR-@U/$5*1)GFLJC=DUBM^$%\I&X [P05W.2\28*+R'*
MS5!(P4MVACKCO8[0'!G$//W3'W*(A
GS9\G3N_/&ZD0D8[28$40#B-G\
L;
M\=\
'@EB%B.I#5;0E^W9
0Q#H($U@:4


M'];&T5&E5EM41QL@.\Q8I0T+SO7HVT6EI0$$
6

1F


MP
QN0

M
D9


DN[#&M=
MAGG+(0W=Y.NJJ5J9$+A1EDX& %H\_'$ UA\8
UT.&M?Q-0L&S98%[6E;XK*A

D
KW]V3*.99S5

'GD:]G


M4 YLKZLPX?&-

Z=PX41+P*+Z SY_]CGCJ
MS:\W]3]TPV


@GU9/$&H

@C+)%R[DMMV_4N
MZ#0U-&8JSXO :E%?[QH;C?H1HEY[O7#'47]!*R')U _*J)^C.!(70:N%]Y
M3)/L(FE 6]91%LPF36




C**]7+Y9G3]:+$G!E



M737\&R'0D270; *U7C&!?H
'D_@R$(4&OT74?'LRXM?4





N]Y(4\-QQGEX04Q
IO24\O6E*J]%WG:
7PM
\*F\)
Z!-$CF=
M!+PX+ 5MK(Z)?[UI_5'_4JM_D@6\&T#&1&(^CV-_O3DRA9B%3?&B(-17R9S'
MBIX;Q









?B%N



MW[WHQY?O3@1@#R=W
[:(!!
9_9=T?L$05E._IQ#U


M;6
.
!NM9JN)LFZ^R1;B7ET@J5J/4@'W8FWS5@+MMK1O*^GJL
%%]^LRT?8=%]''$8+L

;@


M[R-


DO0V JCH&UHHVXE&K6FE62U))6TPJRT0OS41'V\A$







6
]Q
:


N=8PM*0
 +P#Z/O#-V8@[40PJ!P@3X)3P$[;Y/&78+F#GD
3OH*Y






MT$
X+/ K5PP


K0K9EQTZ:/@D;=X&@L
MH5[/TIS!PY'325+'-X@V.R-5U2R&G






M=VXM
C Q-S S



=)@
M4
#]05K*F








O+1TED[WP86


DGZEDZJI[7E&91!+.WIAO97U
M/#?DQ+UJ:@.O]L/!![M


MN/'-^
K\:GS\O'I]_AJ 4R8TDKJ/K_H((OI\HTF=4)213Z5$[ZR;KKU7)-




MR


MZDAP[VN\T*XSO?'/P8\NIKB=N%W3?+TCR.[_V_BD6L@GU?WQ28:&9X5P




*?M)-$N
E?7'428&WB4+6X[#XZF.X9E=1/
/.P'S!RVV%!Y^?_




M4


ME:N\A.;
VMNL8.AE/'?H@E$P$X;8XKK!!H(+6TP'PQ'JM59B\NY[7^OS;D
MFW80$8@T+_C1)]J4^)50^)*AV@DO\.VH.E9DAI^K39TS];Q8P-U7-(K7




(T\9.8

MW4*[[B7MSN^2X3]US@&TL0E%YVQ_ Q\_$C^^[9_)O*-I776 16='N#+\
?_:



*'ZD/HT@0U0:)6^N0NC)3FE?F\':@)%P0[PZ
M
M5BHCI
% MVY(
GJ*9UG@G5RQ
)(PKX#TOP2HM6T:F.(=)&E%- Z^QVN.43
^LK?+FJDU2<P+:]6)<%:5%[F35$:)8^=DL521JZSQ*[&H)F.3[$S5
MJUW:($5MLX:NN=1(3?V)U#F6
S :QIA_P!_2;:5H)6SV(UZB\DKHG4VG(IF



-E%[QY[
MEA5I
M2J&WN7
7\-Q554'JTPN\R3PSJ.(




M+WJ7L$.O_-HB5R]?L$PZEA8
]1I9(V\[X)N2-9NS:P0&)8:5.!A\*&$_D]T+



C Q-S S
S%?9&5F+GAM
M;.U=6W/;N))^WZK]#UJ?AS-3M8XMWY)

M2



_GD+WPT&JWN/I&QS



CYGBA5Z[N/2*8HSVI
MO;0\*N'1'*$H%)''+%PB/0
K(

K;8

MQ6+I-
D$98'&UI
$E4KFRUGI3U'


JG*8%\








M8_H=Z]Z-+$\$#+?:A#5P:P:2F '0*JD%;$A]DCYRNE;@TR!($5+L\A/6L*P9



MB36

M!P?OQQ+H$U2[(:P*8YTC 4K4@W)B W:C^.F3Q#D_6 ;VW J1
0M03!0()*W#
MJZ)HYS]O3\/R7.DY_#9Q:])Q:VHW5IJXM29N39VU^B7BUO8*DM(_MH-)LYZ#


M0XJ+LQ 



M(Q 0SJ:WL#F-T=J?+0A*M6%



M5C

KDEYV7S9S).PG^I7






/EFNPMV/
L_KA -.NY$;M)[3IZ;4AX3<+A7R/<
M9%'BM5$W]











M=T D8:W1E$OR$A)TP\4R1SL8IW)/8?$W8\1
KL029*FIZ@2.9@3\B[T0+$




MSHDY:JVQE:;^V6F_@#*J[L8JSRQ@LLQW71IDX:)_X]6F!Y=5=H*8*JU)NW




S


MB]]-L 31H&%2?8'K2N
ZGA6&_6E
MJ11VJU2$X
$\;J+3MYLL 7UE!2=HK&.
M55:Q&0+%C(64:VI_]@.D%I8G-V@ZFYP1EP4&@/2) HY$@9'TXE58GG.5T%
M9Z(=Q*D(:Q0B^\T

XII:2#[1()Z 2+.,@944)6WCB=L 3:+\:*PD9+



:8[8_6Q4102[+.&OT^6MF%_FF:*MXQG
(J=F7R-DDZ*1F]OS+&Q7?^B+X ]4

G((;SJK]Y?O
M[

;[T0S;
)L]8


?JFN/[ 9V !Q5!QIRIM4Y =RJWYM

7Q!CGF




@2M^6T(666MLY7(@(?.
M)\9OB2P7RX4(E(UB$Y8:57'-*D/%L8!


M
2M-S
 L#PK2I.W=04@S0 $P-MJ +C( \%HEN#@
@



;6$PI7H7#L

M;G1W;BTR
#$W
#
S



FEZW-O
M'M+*LHLD9SB:BG27T?$#Q@N6_LFG-\2/H_2;8_[-\=N3Q'W_6_+U'\Q(8S(G







G0F-OZI.;

M(-8)-.
JA6R?0R@MW.QHJ5+0.K5
T!5))2:'X0QEI!%FO=I-&!SCS'?9 =9N

MQEW8.RA=V+MF7=@[2(0QPJ@:!7V$-0IZWYA[Z%0Z'TSKW? PJ]UU+H_R[]
ME:10'\.@9CSZV)A''Z'PZ&



(97
 9@G1TH]Q$*L]D4ZZ-R]4#WGM@=2B
MUMEAAJ_(CT1!S

1\3E&SY)$(GC'N+;:+,'T/J_8NXG]ED
MDHJM6N,%__V6%30Z6PU?'6\B-Q25M )CT5H=QOL(*=^]RKLK*KR.QTZS\:Z

MI*J'GJ.56AP.L6HQEOR6T$ #U
WA&


M1B\.@SE&&

M\.;+N78@6I#IL_TKX64YD!
 PX

'CR(/X!L])H=1JL;Y6

#
M
Z




. 4A0(2I1J8DREH<7F+D0GI!=D$=*8#Z]C'_5)%&)]QRGT((N
MALJ90$Q1PNPFD#?1&@MCJ0\2I*QQR1!Y'/6=SZ$5!WA*DCURYM*B'FZY$0
ML:0*E\*[%&4RMHCQ.URZGO.I1_BXF*+0J9?
E3 RU


*


M7@VW\*A]61 


?0=PF-N..
5S4#)7/U/NG4


MWLZR4ZN=91@[L/Q4 UQ_R]?

M% ?DJ.HPEKS4^/IZ='_-N6G^?CF_O1S4_#FW
P%&L\B84R;6TV4=V#J6GC






G/;XBE:0TVER  .VJ@_

MJ



%=5J]4D8PR)D*52C J8S
L.I8M@FVHV.T92K

M4@)#^:W@%RTA30QAF5IZWB 3_U*:AA0%8@_K8









E^R[Y
0SJ:-E5XCVO+'98





&4RGTFEQE!9T.QG_.KI@



U;^E(

%J_5

M9W?#?WYFO@H-?ZW;



MI(=B_**X1AF: 0QG
5
M2P1Z#XCF@)7BG.)7.#0I0BIY+BZ0C&/Y.V%NZ/N8RK5$P0P@3X:=A\$3H9&X


MH\?Q3&YVS PZ-W'_]*9GM\K$FNGWY@#;%&OM])HH6Z==6\3J:026.GQO31K0
M2'5A^+A;FD3

M.TKY%TG=*?MANHS1
@ 58=.%#[-3K
QHY(XX3%3SHM^VB8()%QM7@'$
N39%
M
%;023'*YV'XPKBSUI:[8M;Z*%HGL ?F


M\W_WUM(@60#&TK@2#&S%.$WHIM*T($5+$?J;G5=[9#)GR\@+2)1=JF55P@\3








_O7V'158?4WW6R;$QB[VVGQ*D^F'$]+U^6@3'YHND)9N21/)#(]
M0DFV[



RDU[-5RYZL1$[

;P

J=]ZB8T5=5E-U&1#1PKVEG92I?L
M2LE#
;/AR\*C0F?79E:9TSZ9F::JNC2SBFP.QLS492OW9HNZG02 J6)ISMSO

SA5


8R]







52.WK&Q1







MJF#M6[=/TCI]NRU':?I'8N8^D[20SY20DTT-_1\\7_P[^TXDFA% B010;\M[


])$XDOB,K_M\YTQ2P9DE1-65%$G*??)S@ZK(DOF
M#I*%YDV[*U)IEP -G[R(^UF^<,J7&1R^ZV\FDV)SL0MQ$810#RP267<A(%+


M97W-RU6:;O!9+^_[GA\]YQ$%(9J2@

P[7BU+I5GXQ1 ]G
_:9:CW


]%LV]@;L!8=T38


QBA:
M$





XEV\LA-XV[I%

M
A^$14962)(^]GHNUD;D#?^%Q]A&@4
TY6/
M+9T)$15QRVK[D15\\$)&#<KW+U.&%9K&R#=HYU*$[[;ZLQC#L9Y3/?6JK<
M:Z5A-9


M




6*SXI^@Z0P&L32]8C52N;D;C$
0VS
M:;/6J=.!:21ZJ!J3$;V%+?42/PN?XX_N?_\E['H@R@1E!*U_+&




MY+^C8


&^@#HD
KV.4+[5G#\V&
M^)!)YPC)E%!%+P
F
LWT6QN^JZ\^+RQ,J 6;H[9*+S $T&9])_Y^D@D=!_

YO(\BS.V0R+!]FZ4 J)%; B_/C-?)2'O.)@2LM5E'XQ#B
XHLWX1C?+E7)9
M1AD?Z3(3:/&5G92M
CYS+-_DS.:%
IGQ(5U6+LD0B1R/4))G+L9SE*RG[2D!
MDW-E/(2^.P*6
@'DC797MET2
)
K= )&1IO %'=#Y(X]MJ)F=]GO$VEW4.HV
M=(Y
\(T0'!+GVQ5\I[1?0_H;
M,+_^ZJW=<[\AAD-B?]NB[Y3_&5!_ PNHOPJK#^_?



-MU837


M!?OF_P-02P


[0#A\\]N47']]=)5_]-YV^X=.:24K@K-8N





RVP[$:2GIY(Q]S
=ZE_QWT3AK
M;'NE?[2\62



/
MWIA8 ?7(K!L$$?'S05%TT43F(R9DM+@ !\]OU(T8!_VGCN



M$^Z7:R.2:JR+!\K=N(#T'#1^.L]0UV
?5!Z(R
]SW8D\7#;.&L]IANSGFV:O

MI_$





M6*DH@GJ

2JG%51^\X@M!86

^MZ+6OML
4R-6F)FZ_1%RX45A0O?8[@0'#$
MKP=Y9-:V?(\7&6*;D6@5Q9?=]LHK9!'4Z:N+8(5')X8(ZG

8Y*#CP#D_*F5!E D:207^]J)V/A2IJQT/AA
M9XC_/F4P'&?'P+@^\.
YSV+G;4C\.(=
=Q


FP[;(+V3R3&0)@452
MD2L\ 2@5O(JSD4LYIC%?!K4Z0V=@'(D 7/0H:F__$D[U3BE0H

M(Z


9E*%E-.6RFVMNW-



YI5;2'@SX.J=C]+


&S6_-FUZ;_3YJ]YJ3]BW[9#2!]&;3I$Q\RPL8]'J1 G5/
MT&N^9

MJ


ME@2;6Q9/



UP7# 6N7DG @Z[ M!^WYG/#UBSQS8F2%9$1LRK:6KA/C


Q@.VKBIKT,HU90.RWWI_
M/B





N][

2A+YCAYI'C(+F
_

(5)&#&)2[X!2R%

[:PM]^65YJX7$L:\4(B%),:@,1QTW1LU4(?1ATG!1F2=;.#P5SOM5AQ
07-&=LMB'5(V5$3N<IVN-JJI






]5E\N6.K2G4%IOTR![3^$LXVGRCS[*0U(W!;1
MA2:^

E633OB3-Z (D'Z
V=SG-&8
1

+Y]$B:O
M2_9H(-FC[S6#=F:




M:IV



M'#0E7:4I/W3^.I6F!/EXC6JC/G #6&D.F)+VE:63VAQ+/NJH-J5OS*Z*:DL5
M
]%5DO+#Y?54DNJDH18UE?)?Q;R\
<(H9F(UI:NRWR<M75NCK-R3E:DO:U5?RJ*&Z5
M_5KY(Z2]CC+6!P!J)*?#45HW)



$+R4
XJRU

?:4MZJ.L'=

Q3UUT4
4FG< ]*8




R[(;-RUR






_VUX_I8011PI%[E




MZ+L6&BS/HPL'RY5NO
B+W[CAGUG#
.AZR?GM9Y\&QL^B'OAEM;E16AVG4Z*T



%;WUIXX0
MJWMBB%S6
F:L\HIBHSL? EQ%/E46Q)7=/E46[+LVI)E%C_(W=7/ZT@[0:^








8[C\!)UZ&LM^5E[-^LAFWB4I7\1M/=9C2P5X#6B


M!?C[@4ZX3=EH48^K-6&.CJYK\(]]UX Y!G?=R5V[/QDWFOU;]GM_TNU_;O=;

AXXX6UMW\A?]ORC:S[)/_!U!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( !IA[DIJ4#0[LV8  


S
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    (


#$W
#
S



S


