

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-19-012412
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190710
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190710
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		19948906
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2019

Commission
file number:

NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of&nbsp;
    Incorporation or Organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    Identification No.)


c/o
Graubard Miller
405
Lexington Avenue
New
York
 New York 10174
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(212)
818-8800
(Registrant&rsquo;s
Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered 
    
Trading
    Symbol 

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $.001 par value
(Title
of class)

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer

&#9744; No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate

&#9744; No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
Large
    accelerated filer&nbsp;&#9744;
    
Accelerated
    filer&nbsp;&#9744;

    
Non-accelerated
    filer&nbsp;&#9744;
    
Smaller
    reporting company&nbsp;&#9746;

    
(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)
Emerging
    growth company&nbsp;


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).
Yes&nbsp;&#9746;

As
of September 28
 2018 (the last trading day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate
market value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $259
135 (based on a closing price of $0.061
per share on such date).

As
of July 3
 2019
 13
757
550 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock were outstanding.


Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.






    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

Form
10-K Annual Report
Table
of Contents



    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
    

Item
    1B.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
    
    

Item
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
    
    

Item
    7.
    
    

Item
    7A.
    
    

Item
    8.
    
    

Item
    9.
    
    

Item
    9A.
    
    

Item
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
    
    

Item
    12.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15.
    
    

Item
    16.
    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENT INFORMATION

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives
of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of
which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our
assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the
significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state
of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our
objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;.
We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


    
    


PART
1



    
ITEM
    1.
    


THE
COMPANY&rsquo;S HISTORY

Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or&nbsp;&ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated
in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a corporation with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business
operations since our incorporation in September 2005. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&rsquo;s
Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
which Dreesen retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts
to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

On
August 29
 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of our Common Stock. Pursuant
to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.

Effective
August 15
 2013
 we declared and paid a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock to stockholders of record as of August
15
 2013 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common
Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;).

All
share and per share data contained in this Report has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock
Dividend and all fractional shares
 if any
 as a result thereof have been rounded upward to the next whole share.

As
of March 31
 2019
 our authorized capital stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred
Stock of which 13
757
550 shares of Common Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of
Common Stock currently outstanding are validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.

CHANGE
OF OWNERSHIP TRANSACTIONS

On
August 8
 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware
limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold
to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares
of our common stock
of
our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the
option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there
were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.

On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine
thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares
of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory
notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted
an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from
us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


    
    



On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with
Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation
from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective
positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary;
and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.

Following
Mr. McGill&rsquo;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.

On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized
shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as
of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding
as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these
shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;).
The stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock
(the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee
of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in
Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.
13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
&ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and
together with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.


    
    



Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.

On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note
(the &ldquo;December 2015 Note&rdquo;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;April 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000
to Ironbound. The April 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the April 2016 Note was utilized by the
Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July
2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2016
to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
the December 2015 Note
 the April 2016 Note and the July 2016 Note
 the &ldquo;Outstanding Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount
of $50
000 to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of
Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the
February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000
to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company
to fund working capital needs.


    
    



On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000
to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined
in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018
Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has
been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

THE
COMPANY TODAY

Since
the Effective Date
 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific
plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through
a combination with an operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.

We
currently have no agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances
that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any
sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business
combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not
have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.

A
common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market
for its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
such as the time delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate
initial public offerings.

As
a result of our limited resources
 unless and until additional financing is obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to
effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the future
performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations
or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect to have the resources
to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which
case there will be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.

We
do not expect our present management to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to
scrutinize closely the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination
with a target business
 our assessment of management may be incorrect.

In
evaluating a prospective target business
 we expect to consider several factors
 including the following:



    
    
experience
    and skill of management and availability of additional personnel of the target business;




    
    
costs
    associated with effecting the business combination;




    
    




    
    
equity
    interest retained by our stockholders in the merged entity;




    
    
growth
    potential of the target business;




    
    
capital
    requirements of the target business;




    
    
capital
    available to the target business;




    
    
stage
    of development of the target business;




    
    
proprietary
    features and degree of intellectual property or other protection of the target business;




    
    
the
    financial statements of the target business; and




    
    
the
    regulatory environment in which the target business operates.


The
foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business
will be based
 to the extent relevant
 on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with
our evaluation of a prospective target business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
among other things
 meeting with incumbent management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure
and consummate the business combination (including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents
for filing pursuant to applicable corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote
only a very small portion of his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require
a longer time than if he devoted his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary
to carry out our business and affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending
upon
 among other things
 whether we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination.
We expect to use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time
employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.

We
anticipate that various prospective target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities
broker-dealers
 investment bankers
 venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
the executive officers and our affiliates.

As
a general rule
 federal and state tax laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations.
We will evaluate the possible tax consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business
combination so as to achieve the most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders.
There can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax
treatment of a particular consummated business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax
authorities ultimately prevail in recharacterizing the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences
to our company
 the target business
 and our respective stockholders.

We
may acquire a company or business by purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage
primarily in such activities. Specifically
 we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &ldquo;investment
company&rdquo; under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application
of the costly and restrictive registration and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.



    
    


Section
3(a) of the Investment Company Act excepts from the definition of an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; an entity which does not engage
primarily in the business of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
owning
 holding or trading &ldquo;investment securities&rdquo; (defined as &ldquo;all securities other than government securities
or securities of majority-owned subsidiaries&rdquo;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding
government securities
 cash or cash items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the
availability of this exception from the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business
through the purchase and sale of investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an
investment company
 the provisions of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified
as an inadvertent investment company. We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage
of any exemptions or exceptions from application of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during
any three-year period to claim an exemption as a &ldquo;transient&rdquo; investment company. The necessity of asserting any such
resistance
 or making any claim of exemption
 could be time consuming and costly
 or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.

Various
impediments to a business combination may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under
the laws of its state of organization. This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.



    
ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS.


IN
ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR
BUSINESS
 OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY
DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT ARE SIMILAR TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
 SUCH AS COMPETITIVE
CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE
EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

WE
HAVE NO RECENT OPERATING HISTORY OR BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.

Since
the Effective Date
 we have no operating business or plans to develop one. We are currently seeking to enter into a merger or
business combination with another company. To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements
and searching for a merger target.

CERTAIN
CONDITIONS RAISE SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN

Since
inception
 we have incurred negative cash flow from operating activities and an accumulated deficit of $2
434
758 through March
31
 2019. For the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had net losses of $51
322 and $55
851
 respectively. We have spent
and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expect to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing our
business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

WE
HAVE LIMITED RESOURCES AND NO REVENUES FROM OPERATIONS
 AND WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING IN ORDER TO EXECUTE ANY BUSINESS PLAN
AND HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.

We
have limited resources
 no revenues from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements
during the next twelve months. In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
at the earliest
 the consummation of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting
our abilities to achieve revenues
 in order to avoid status as an &ldquo;Investment Company&rdquo; under the Investment Company
Act
 we can only invest our funds prior to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There
can be no assurance that determinations ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.



    
    


We
have historically relied upon funding through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate
of Rodman.&nbsp; On January 11
 2013
 Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.&nbsp; As a result
 we do not expect any further
funding from R&amp;R.&nbsp; Subsequent to our fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 9
509
440
shares of Common Stock then owned by R&amp;R from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct
Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District
of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). Since May 14
 2013 we have borrowed $307
000 from Ironbound and issued
the aforementioned Outstanding Notes
 July 2016 Note
 February 2017 Note
 August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note to it. As of
March 31
 2019
 we have $ 10
778 on hand. Such funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve
months and we will require additional funds. We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms. Failure to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.

WE
WILL BE ABLE TO EFFECT AT MOST ONE MERGER
 AND THUS MAY NOT HAVE A DIVERSIFIED BUSINESS.

Our
resources are limited and we will most likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification
will subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse
impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

WE
DEPEND SUBSTANTIALLY UPON OUR PRESIDENT tO MAKE ALL MANAGEMENT DECISIONS.

Our
ability to effect a merger will be dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Jonathan J. Ledecky. Notwithstanding the importance
of Mr. Ledecky
 we have not entered into any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Ledecky concerning compensation
or obtained any &ldquo;key man&rdquo; life insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Ledecky will have a material
adverse effect on our business objectives and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Ledecky and do not anticipate that we
will hire additional personnel.

THERE
MAY BE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST BETWEEN OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.

Conflicts
of interest create the risk that management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. An officer
may be entitled to receive compensation from a target company he or she identifies or provides services to in connection with
a business combination. A conflict of interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their
fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further
 our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their
fiduciary duty to our stockholders. In addition
 Mr. Ledecky
 our president and sole director
 is currently involved with other
companies and conflicts in the pursuit of business combinations with such other companies with which he and affiliates of our
majority stockholder are
 and may in the future be affiliated with
 may arise. We cannot assure you that conflicts of interest
among us
 our management and our stockholders will not develop or be resolved in our favor.

THERE
IS COMPETITION FOR THOSE PRIVATE COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.

We
are in a highly competitive market for a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating
a successful business combination. We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers
with
 joint ventures with and acquisitions of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed
entities
 including small public companies and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that
may be desirable target candidates for us. Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical
expertise and managerial capabilities than we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible
business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood
of our identifying and consummating a successful business combination.



    
    


FUTURE
SUCCESS IS HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON THE ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.

The
nature of our operations is highly speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s)
with entities having established operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting
that criterion. In the event we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management
of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.

WE
HAVE NO AGREEMENT FOR A BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION.

We
have no agreement with respect to engaging in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity.
No assurances can be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude
a business combination. Management has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk
that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations.

MANAGEMENT
WILL CHANGE UPON THE CONSUMMATION OF A MERGER.

After
the closing of a merger or business combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial
responsibilities. Upon such event
 Mr. Ledecky intends to resign from his positions with us.

CURRENT
STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE IMMEDIATELY AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorized the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 86
242
450
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are
authorized and issued in connection with a merger or business combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution
of their respective ownership interests. Furthermore
 the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely
affect prevailing market prices
 if any
 for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through
the sale of equity securities.

CONTROL
BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDER.

As
of March 31
 2019
 Ironbound beneficially owned approximately 69% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
Ironbound is able to exercise control over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the
approval of mergers
 consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.

WE
OR ANY BUSINESS WE SEEK TO ACQUIRE COULD BE SUBJECT TO CYBERSECURITY RISKS.

We
or any company we seek to acquire may rely on information technology systems
 including third-party hosted servers and cloud-based
servers
 to keep business
 financial
 and corporate records
 communicate internally and externally
 and operate other critical
functions. If any of those internal systems or the systems of its third-party providers are compromised due to cyber incidents
then sensitive documents could be exposed or deleted
 and our ability to conduct business could be impaired. Cyber incidents can
result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. These incidents can include
 but are not limited to
 unauthorized access
to systems
 computer viruses or other malicious code
 denial of service attacks
 malware
 ransomware
 phishing
 SQL injection
attacks
 human error
 or other events that result in security breaches or give rise to the manipulation or loss of sensitive information
or assets. Cyber incidents can be caused by various persons or groups
 including disgruntled employees and vendors
 activists
organized crime groups
 and state-sponsored and individual hackers. Cyber incidents can also be caused or aggravated by natural
events
 such as earthquakes
 floods
 fires
 power loss
 and telecommunications failures. In addition to operational and business
consequences
 if a target business&rsquo; cybersecurity is breached
 it could be held liable to its customers or other parties
in regulatory or other actions
 and it may be exposed to reputation damages and loss of trust and business. This could result
in costly investigations and litigation
 civil or criminal penalties
 fines
 and negative publicity. Any of the foregoing could
have a material adverse effect.



    
    


OUR
COMMON STOCK IS A &ldquo;PENNY STOCK&rdquo; WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY
MARKET.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
to be an equity security that has a market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than
$5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions
 including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities
exchange. Our Common Stock is not now quoted on a national securities exchange and has a market price of less than $5.00 per share
and therefore may be deemed to be a penny stock. As such
 they are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell these securities. For example
 the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for
the purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase.
Additionally
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to the transaction
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
underwriter
 and current quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer
must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer&rsquo;s presumed control over the market. Finally
 among other requirements
 monthly statements
must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stocks. The &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules
 may restrict the ability of our stockholders to sell our Common Stock and
warrants in the secondary market.

OUR
COMMON STOCK HAS BEEN THINLY TRADED
 LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE
LIQUID MARKET.

Our
Common Stock has been thinly traded and is currently quoted on the OTC Markets
 which provide significantly less liquidity than
a national securities exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty that we will ever be accepted for a listing
on a national securities exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may find it difficult to resell their shares at
prices quoted in the market or at all.



    
ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.






    
ITEM
    2.
    


We
currently rely on office space provided to our executive officer by Graubard Miller
 our legal counsel
 located at 405 Lexington
Avenue
 New York
 NY 10174. Graubard Miller provides such space free of charge. We do not own or intend to invest in any real
property. We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities
of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.



    
ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS.






    
ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES.


Not
applicable.




    
    



PART
II



    
ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.


(a)
Market Information

(b)
Holders
 2019
 there were 47 record holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(c)
Dividend Policy

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
 if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if
any
 our capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board may consider.

Unregistered
Sale of Equity Securities





    
ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA.


As
a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;)
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.



    
ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.




We
are a corporation with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation
in September 2005. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand in the United States
with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself.
The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

As
of the Effective Date
 we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose
has been to effect a business combination with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of
yet
 we have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no
assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly
contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any
offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect
a business combination with a target business which we believe has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we
will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.

A
common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares.
Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time
delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public
offerings.

As
a result of our limited resources
 we expect to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our
success will likely be dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources
to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
we do not expect the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses.
A target business may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes
or services
 in which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.

Our
officers are only required to devote a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed
basis. We expect to use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any
full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.



    
    


We
expect our present management to play no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to
scrutinize closely the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination
with a target business
 our assessment of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business
with which to combine.

Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through
a combination with an operating business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will
be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors.

EQUIPMENT
AND EMPLOYEES

As
of March 31
 2019
 we had no operating business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating
business but instead plan to consummate a business combination transaction with an operating company.

Results
of Operations

Continuing
Operating Expenses for the Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
 2019&nbsp;Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
&nbsp;2018

We
are a corporation with limited operations and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2019
and 2018
 respectively.

Total
expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018 were $51
322 and $55
851
 respectively. The majority of these expenses
primarily constituted general and administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

At
March 31
 2019
 we did not have any revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided
in the form of loans and capital contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
we do not expect to have any revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will
occur or that we can engage in any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent
upon future loans or capital contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that
our present stockholders or management will make any loans or capital contributions to us.

At
March 31
 2019
 we had outstanding notes payable in the aggregate principal amount of $307
000 payable to Ironbound
 our majority
stockholder. We had cash and cash equivalents of $ 10
778 and negative working capital of $ 355
244. Such funds will not be sufficient
to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional funds. We cannot provide assurance
that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms.

Our
present material commitments are professional and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings
with the SEC and other regulatory requirements. In the event that we engage in any merger or other combination with an operating
company
 it is likely that we will have additional material commitments.



We
do not have any commitments which are required to be disclosed in tabular form as of March 31
 2019.



    
    


Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

As
of March 31
 2019
 we have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
obligation under a derivative instrument and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Note 2 to the financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial
statements.

We
have identified the policies below as some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our financial position
and results of operations.&nbsp; These policies may involve a high degree of judgment and complexity in their application and
represent the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. Although we believe our judgments
and estimates are appropriate and correct
 actual future results may differ from estimates. If different assumptions or conditions
were to prevail
 the results could be materially different from these reported results. The impact and any associated risks related
to these policies on our business operations are discussed throughout this Report where such policies affect our reported and
expected financial results.

The
preparation of our financial statements
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities and equity and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.
These estimates have a material impact on our financial statements and are discussed in detail throughout this Report.

As
part of the process of preparing our financial statements
 we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. This process involves estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences
resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and
liabilities
 which are included within the balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will
be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely
 we must establish a valuation
allowance. In the event that we determine that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the
net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination
was made.

We
account for our stock option grants under the provisions of the accounting guidance for Share-Based Payments. Such guidance requires
the recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation in the statements of operations. The fair value of our stock option
awards was estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions
and elections in adopting and implementing this guidance
 including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of
each award. The fair value of share-based awards is amortized over the vesting period of the award and we have elected to use
the straight-line method for awards granted after the adoption of this guidance.



    
ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.


As
a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required
by this item.



    
ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.


See
the index to the Financial Statements below
 beginning on page F-1.



    
ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






    
    




    
ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES.


(a)&nbsp;
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 with the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of
the end of the period covered by this Report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and
chief financial officer concluded that as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures are effective&nbsp;to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management
 including our&nbsp;president&nbsp;and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our
management
 including our president and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can
provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only
provide reasonable assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.

Management&rsquo;s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of March 31
 2019. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
 which was adopted by COSO in 1992. Our management
has concluded that
 as of March 31
 2019
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.

(c)&nbsp; Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during&nbsp;the last fiscal quarter covered by
this Report&nbsp;that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.



    
ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION







    
    



PART
III



    
ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


The
following table sets forth information concerning our officers and directors as of July 7
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

Jonathan
    J. Ledecky
    
    
    
President
    and director


Jonathan
J. Ledecky
the National Hockey League&rsquo;s New York Islanders franchise since October 2014. He also serves as an Alternate Governor on
the Board of Governors of the NHL and as President of NY Hockey Holdings LLC. Mr. Ledecky has served as chairman of Ironbound
Partners Fund LLC
 a private investment management fund
 since March 1999. He has also served as Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Pivotal Acquisition Corp. (NYSE: PVT)
 a blank check company that is seeking to consummate an initial business combination
with KLDiscovery
 since August 2018. Mr. Ledecky also served as a member of the board of directors of Propel Media
 Inc.
 a digital
media holding company
 from January 2015 to January 2019. From July 2005 to December 2007
 Mr. Ledecky served as president
 secretary
and a director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp.
 a blank check company that completed its initial business combination with American
Apparel
 Inc. From January 2007 to May 2009
 he served as president
 secretary and a director of Victory Acquisition Corp.
 a
blank check company that was unable to consummate an initial business combination. He also served as president
 secretary and
a director of Triplecrown Acquisition Corp.
 a blank check company
 from June 2007 until it completed its initial business combination
with Cullen Agricultural Technologies
 Inc. in October 2009. During 2007
 he also served as president
 secretary and director
of Grand Slam Acquisition Corp.
 Performance Acquisition Corp. and Endeavour International Acquisition Corp.
 three similarly
structured blank check companies that never completed their initial public offerings due to market conditions at the time. Mr.
Ledecky founded U.S. Office Products in October 1994 and served as its chief executive officer until November 1997 and as its
chairman until its sale in June 1998. U.S. Office Products was one of the fastest start-up entrants in the history of the Fortune
500 with sales in excess of $3 billion within its first three years of operation. From 1999 to 2001
 Mr. Ledecky was vice chairman
of Lincoln Holdings
 owners of the Washington sports franchises in the NBA
 NHL and WNBA. In addition to the foregoing
 Mr. Ledecky
served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Consolidation Capital Corporation from its formation in February
1997 until March 2000 when it merged with Group Maintenance America Corporation. Mr. Ledecky also has served as a trustee of George
Washington University
 a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a commissioner on the National Commission on Entrepreneurship
and currently serves as a trustee of the U.S. Olympic Foundation and the U.S. Paralympic Foundation. In 2004
 Mr. Ledecky was
elected the Chief Marshal of the 2004 Harvard University Commencement
 an honor bestowed by his alumni peers for a 25th reunion
graduate deemed to have made exceptional contributions to Harvard and the greater society while achieving outstanding professional
success. Mr. Ledecky received a B.A. (cum laude) from Harvard University in 1979 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School
in 1983.

Mr.
Ledecky is not required to commit his full time to our business affairs and he will not devote a substantial amount of time to
our business affairs.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent
of our Common Stock (collectively
 the &ldquo;Reporting Persons&rdquo;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common
Stock to the SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended
March 31
 2019 the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.

Code
of Ethics

We
have not adopted a Code of Ethics given our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
our Board will adopt a Code of Ethics.

Nominating
Compensation and Audit Committees

As
we only have one Board member and given our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent nominating
 audit or compensation
committees. Our Board has determined that it does not have an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as that term is defined
in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees
to our Board.



    
ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION.


Mr.
Ledecky is our sole officer and director. Mr. Ledecky has not received any compensation during the fiscal years ended March 31
2019 and 2018.

While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on
any formal basis
 we may engage such firms in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder&rsquo;s fee or other compensation.
In no event
 however
 will we pay a finder&rsquo;s fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an
officer or director is affiliated. We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.



    
    


Director
Compensation

We
do not currently pay any cash fees to our sole director
 nor do we pay our director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.

Employment
Agreements

We
are not a party to any employment agreements.



    
ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


The
following table sets forth certain information as of June 30
 2019 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being
our only voting securities) beneficially owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &ldquo;group&rdquo;
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers
and the sole director as a group.



Name
    of Beneficial Owner
    
Shares
    of&nbsp;
    Common Stock&nbsp;
    Beneficially&nbsp;
    Owned 
    
    
Percentage
    of&nbsp;
    Ownership
    

Ironbound
    Partners Fund
 LLC 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

c/o
        Graubard Miller
405
        Lexington Avenue
 11
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New
    York
 New York 10174
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Jonathan
    J. Ledecky 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

c/o
        Graubard Miller
405
        Lexington Avenue
 11
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New
    York
 New York 10174
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Moyo
    Partners
 LLC 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

c/o
    Arnold P. Kling
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

410
    Park Avenue- suite 1710
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New
    York
 NY 10022
    
    
2
377
360
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arnold
    P. Kling 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

410
    Park Avenue- suite 1710
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

New
    York
 NY 10022
    
    
2
377
360
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kirk
    M. Warshaw 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

2640
    Lake Shore Dr.
 Unit 1708
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Riviera
    Beach
 FL 33404
    
    
1
070
880
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    Directors and Officers (1 person) as a group
    
    
9
509
440
    
    
    
    
    





    
Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 30
 2019 are deemed to be outstanding
 but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other security holder.

    
    

    
Jonathan J. Ledecky
 our president and sole director
 controls Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
&nbsp;Includes all the shares held by Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC.

    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling controls Moyo Partners
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.

    
    

    
&nbsp;Includes all the shares held by Moyo Partners
 LLC.

    
    

    
The shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Warshaw include 520
880 shares issuable upon the exercise of an option at an exercise price of $0.002 per share (described in item 13 below).


We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans.



    
    





    
ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


Our
Board consists solely of Jonathan J. Ledecky. He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange
or an inter-dealer quotation system.

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound
 our majority stockholder
 lent $100
000 to us and we issued the May 2013 Note to it. In July 2014
 the
May 2013 Note was amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Note
 which extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August
31
 2015 and provided for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013
Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note).

On
July 25
 2014
 Ironbound lent an additional $72
000 to us on the same terms as the May 2013 Note. The 2014 Note had a maturity
date of August 31
 2015.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by the December 2015 Note
with the same terms as the Prior Notes.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued the April 2016 Note in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms
as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued the July 2016 Note in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016
Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal
and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined
in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the outstanding notes at such date was extended from August 31
 2016 to August
31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued the February 2017 Note in the principal amount of $50
000 to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has
a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued
interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017
Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued the August 2018 Note in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note).
The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued the December 2018 Note in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has
a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued
interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined
in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.




    
ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.


AUDIT
FEES:

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2019 and 2018
 we were billed $13
500 and $17
500
 respectively
 by Liggett &amp; Webb
 P.A. (&ldquo;Liggett&rdquo;)
our independent registered public accountants
 for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings.

AUDIT-RELATED
FEES:



TAX
FEES:



ALL
OTHER FEES:



AUDIT
COMMITTEE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES:

We
do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by the Board.



    
    


PART
IV


Item
Exhibits
                                         and Financial Statement Schedules



    
    
The
    following documents are filed as part of this Report:


Financial
Statements.
 are
filed herewith.



    
    
Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm




    
    
Balance
    Sheets at March 31
 2019 and 2018




    
    
Statements
    of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018




    
    
Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018




    
    
Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018




    
    
Notes
    to Financial Statements




    
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules.


Schedules
are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto.



    
    
Exhibits
    Incorporated by Reference or Filed with this Report.




    
    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Note
 issued May 14
 2013 and amended and restated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $72
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated April 1
 2016
 in the principal amount of $10
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 15
 2016
 in the principal amount of $25
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated February 14
 2017
 in the principal amount of $60
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;- Kirk M. Warshaw 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*



*Included
herewith.
**Furnished
not filed
 in accordance with Item 601(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.



    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
 and incorporated
    herein by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed on June
    30
 2006
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2014
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 5
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 18
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 16
 2017
 and incorporated herein
    by reference.

    
    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 and incorporated
    herein by reference.



Item
Form
                                         10-K Summary



    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
    INCORPORATED


Date: July 10
 2019
    


    
    


    
Jonathan J. Ledecky

President
 Chief Financial Officer
                                    
                                    
                                    




    
    




 INCORPORATED







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2019 and 2018
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2019 and 2018
    
    

    
    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2019 and 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Incorporated




sheets of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2019 and 2018
 the related statements
of operations
 shareholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The Company&rsquo;s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
the Company has incurred recurring losses and will have to obtain additional capital to sustain operations.&nbsp;This raises substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 2.&nbsp;&nbsp;The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
we express no such opinion in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.&nbsp;



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

New York
 NY
    

July 10
 2019

    




    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

BALANCE
SHEETS



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
778
3
257

    
10
778
3
257

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
59
022
45
179

    
307
000
267
000

    
366
022
312
179

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
13
758
13
758

    
2
065
756
2
060
756

    
(2
434
758
(2
383
436

    
    
    

    
(355
244
(308
922

    
    
    

    
10
778
3
257



are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative
37
058
42
463


 net
14
264
13
388

    
51
322
55
851

    
    
    

    
(51
322
(55
851

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
757
550
13
757
550


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
For
the years ended March 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
055
756
(2
327
585
(258
071

    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(55
851
(55
851


 2018
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
060
756
(2
383
436
(308
922

    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(51
322
(51
322


 2019
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
065
756
(2
434
758
(355
244


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(51
322
(55
851

    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    

    
13
843
13
808

    
(32
479
(37
043

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
40
000
    

    
40
000
    

    
7
521
(37
043

    
    
    

    
3
257
40
300

    
10
778
3
257


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years
Ended March 31
 2019 and 2018

NOTE
1 &ndash; DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY

Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or&nbsp;&ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated
in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand in the United
States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for
itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s
Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

EQUITY
TRANSACTIONS

On
August 8
 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware
limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold
to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares
of our common stock
of
our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the
option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there
were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.

On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine
thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares
of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory
notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted
an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from
us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.

On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with
Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation
from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective
positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary;
and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.

Following
Mr. McGill&rsquo;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.

On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized
shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as
of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding
as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.



    
    


In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these
shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;).
The stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective
registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock
(the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee
of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in
Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.
13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
&ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and
together with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding
Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds
of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined
in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February
2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the
&ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000
to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company
to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000
to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined
in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018
Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has
been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

THE
COMPANY TODAY

Since
the Effective Date
 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific
plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through
a combination with an operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.



    
    


NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Newtown&rsquo;s
accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined
below are those policies considered particularly significant.


Going
                                         Concern:

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire
an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a
yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective
business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation
of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend
to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination
of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.
While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional
financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional
business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

Since
inception
 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
434
758 through March 31
 2019. For the years ended March 31
 2019
and 2018
 Newtown had net losses of $51
322 and $55
851
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating
activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial
amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern.


Use
                                         of Estimates:

In
preparing financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes
certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such
variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.


Statement
                                         of Cash Flows:

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents.


Loss
                                         per Common Share:

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; that provides
for the calculation of &ldquo;Basic&rdquo; and &ldquo;Diluted&rdquo; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no
dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be
antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
2019 and 2018
 we had a total of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock options and shares
issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $307
000.


Income
                                         Taxes:

The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to
reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.



    
    



Financial
                                         instruments:

The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for
trading purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest
rates are indicative of market interest rates.


Equity
                                         Based Compensation:

We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to
all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.

In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&rsquo;s bet estimates involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the
expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed
our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total
options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture
rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current
period.

The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:

No
options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2019 and 2018.


New
                                         Accounting Pronouncements:

Except
as set forth below
 management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material
impact on our financial statements once adopted.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either operating or financing
 with such classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition
in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December
15
 2018
 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have no material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements.

NOTE
3 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

On
May 9
 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166
670 shares a piece) to a
third party for services on our behalf.

On
the Effective Date
 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our Common
Stock and five hundred (500) shares of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder of approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock
is convertible only to the extent there are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such
conversion.



    
    


On
the Effective Date&rdquo; (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred
nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion of R&amp;R of the four hundred (400)
shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of
the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and
accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.

On
October 19
 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undersigned preferred stock
 par value $.001 per share.

On
August 29
 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant
to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued
below their fair value; hence
 $11
750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for
cash versus fair value of such shares.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired
Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our
total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available
and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of
Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.

On
August 15
 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013
(the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for
each share of Common Stock owned by them as of that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;). All share and per share data
herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend
was in substance a forward stock split.

During
the years ended March 31
 2019 and March 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.

STOCK
OPTIONS

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have
a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options
issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended
March 31
 2014 have been valued at $8
050 for which $4
389 of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March 31
2014. The balance of the option expense
 $3
661 was recorded as expense during the year ended March 31
 2015.



    
    


A
summary of the common stock option activity for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2019 and 2018 and the three years then
ended is as follows:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2017
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2018
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    



Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&rsquo;s shares at a per share price of $0.1058 as of March 31
 2019. The intrinsic
value of stock options outstanding was $85
480.

The
following summarizes certain information regarding stock options at March 31
 2019




    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    

    
886
990
    
    





    
    


NOTE
4 &ndash; NOTES PAYABLE &ndash; RELATED PARTY

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the May 2013 &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
&ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and
together with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding
Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds
of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July
2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February
2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the
&ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000
to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company
to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000
to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined
in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018
Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has
been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

NOTE
5 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    


    forward
522
860
509
600

    
(522
860
(509
600

    
    
    


The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



At
March 31
 2019
 Newtown had approximately $2
011
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&ldquo;NOL&rsquo;s&rdquo;) available. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved
as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation did not increase during the year ended
March 31
 2019. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&rsquo;s may be
reduced in the future if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown&rsquo;s federal and state income tax returns
for the years 2014 through 2019 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.



    
    


NOTE
6 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

During
the years ended March 31
 2019 and March 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by our officers.

NOTE
7 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

We
have evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial
statements.


















     


Exhibit
31

FORM
OF CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED



I
Jonathan J. Ledecky
 certify that:

1.&nbsp;I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;

2.&nbsp;Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and
for
 the periods presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business
issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and
report financial information; and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small
business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


Date:
July 10
/s/
                  Jonathan J. Ledecky

Jonathan
                                         J. Ledecky

President
                                         and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial and
                                         Accounting Officer)













     


Exhibit
32

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Newtown Lane Marketing Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period
ended March 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

1.&nbsp;The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.&nbsp;The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
of the Company.


Date:
July 10
/s/
                         Jonathan J. Ledecky

Jonathan
                                         J. Ledecky

President
                                         and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and
                                         Accounting Officer)





















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000&#13;to Ironbound (the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest&#13;at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into&#13;shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the&#13;Conversion Price (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with&#13;the amended and Restated Note

 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
&#13;issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the 2014 Note) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note&#13;has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and&#13;accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the&#13;consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the 2014 Note)

&#13;on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the Amended and Restated Note and&#13;together with the 2014 Note
 the Prior Notes) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution&#13;for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided&#13;for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our&#13;Common Stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the May 2013 Note)

 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31

 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October&#13;30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling's and Warshaw's&#13;resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company's&#13;operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling's resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
&#13;the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the 2016 Note and together with the Prior Notes
 the Outstanding&#13;Notes) in the principal amount of $10

 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the July 2016 Note) in the principal amount of $25
000 to&#13;Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable&#13;at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares&#13;of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the July&#13;2016 Note)

 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31

 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the February 2017 Note) in the principal amount of $50
000&#13;to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
&#13;into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the February&#13;2017 Note)

 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31

 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31

 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the August 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $15
000&#13;to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable&#13;at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares&#13;of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the August 2018 Note)

 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the December 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $25
000&#13;to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
&#13;into shares of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined&#13;in the December 2018 Note)

    
    
    
    
    

 2015 to August 31


 2016 to August 31


 2018 to August 31


 2017 to August 31



    

 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166

 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
&#13;in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our Common&#13;Stock and five hundred (500) shares of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder of approximately
 fourteen&#13;thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $600

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;October 19, 2007, we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100,000,000 the number of&#13;authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the Charter Amendment). As a result of the Charter Amendment,&#13;as of October 19, 2007, we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and&#13;outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;December 19, 2007, the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of&#13;their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result, the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for&#13;7,407,540 shares of Common Stock, and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized&#13;and unissued shares of undersigned preferred stock, par value $.001 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;August 29, 2008, we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the Reverse Split) of the Common Stock. Pursuant&#13;to the Reverse Split, each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;December 2008, we sold 550,000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw, CFO, for $2,000. We determined such shares were issued&#13;below their fair value; hence, $11,750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for&#13;cash versus fair value of such shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;May 6, 2013, Ironbound Partners Fund, LLC (Ironbound) acquired 9,509,440 shares of Common Stock (the Acquired&#13;Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $15,000, or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our&#13;total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound, utilizing its available&#13;and uncommitted cash, from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;#38; Renshaw, LLC (Rodman), Direct Markets,&#13;Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding, Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for&#13;the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087, 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of&#13;Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;#38;R, an affiliate of Rodman.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;August 15, 2013, we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15, 2013&#13;(the Record Date). As a result, all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for&#13;each share of Common Stock owned by them as of that date (the 2013 Stock Dividend). All share and per share data&#13;herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend, since the 2013 Stock Dividend&#13;was in substance a forward stock split.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;During&#13;the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, the Company recorded a $5,000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating&#13;to the use, occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;STOCK&#13;OPTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;During&#13;the year ended March 31, 2014, we issued 886,990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have&#13;a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options&#13;issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended&#13;March 31, 2014 have been valued at $8,050 for which $4,389 of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March 31,&#13;2014. The balance of the option expense, $3,661 was recorded as expense during the year ended March 31, 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&#13;summary of the common stock option activity for officers and consultants as of March 31, 2019 and 2018 and the three years then&#13;ended is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average &lt;br /&gt;Remaining &lt;br /&gt;Contractual&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Term (Years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Outstanding at March 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding at March 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding at March 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at March 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Based&#13;on the last trade or purchase of Newtown's shares at a per share price of $0.1058 as of March 31, 2019. The intrinsic&#13;value of stock options outstanding was $85,480.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;following summarizes certain information regarding stock options at March 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price Range&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$0.00-0.002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;520,880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;0.002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$0.01-0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;366,110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;0.020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average &lt;br /&gt;Remaining &lt;br /&gt;Contractual&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Term (Years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%&gt;Outstanding at March 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding at March 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;886,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price Range&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$0.00-0.002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;520,880&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;0.002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$0.01-0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;366,110&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;0.020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;5 &amp;#8211; INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;March 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;March 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.125in&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#38; capital loss carry&#13;    forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;522,860&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;509,600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.125in; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(522,860&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(509,600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.125in; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 4pt double&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;March 31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify&gt;Provision for expected federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Permanent differences &amp;#8211; equity based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Loss for which no benefit is available or a valuation allowance Has been recorded&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;6 &amp;#8211; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;7 &amp;#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;March 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;March 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.125in&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#38; capital loss carry&#13;    forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;522,860&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;509,600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0.125in; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(522,860&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;(509,600&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 4.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;March 31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify&gt;Provision for expected federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Permanent differences &amp;#8211; equity based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;1 &amp;#8211; DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Newtown&#13;Lane Marketing, Incorporated&amp;#160;(we, our, us or&amp;#160;Newtown) was incorporated&#13;in Delaware on September 26, 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United&#13;States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania, and in Suffolk County, New York, which Dreesen retained for&#13;itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control, as detailed below, and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's&#13;Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31, 2007.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;EQUITY&#13;TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;August 8, 2007 (the Effective Date), we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)&#13;with Moyo Partners, LLC, a New York limited liability company (Moyo) and R&amp;#38;R Biotech Partners, LLC, a Delaware&#13;limited liability company (R&amp;#38;R collectively with Moyo, the Purchasers), pursuant to which we sold&#13;to them, in the aggregate, approximately, four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4,479,250) shares&#13;of our common stock, par value $.001 per share (Common Stock) and&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;five hundred (500&lt;i&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;shares&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;of&#13;our Series A Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (Series A Preferred Stock), each share convertible at the&#13;option of the holder into, approximately, fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14,820) shares of Common Stock, for aggregate&#13;gross&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;proceeds to us of $600,000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there&#13;were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown, with (a) R&amp;#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine&#13;thousand four hundred forty (9,509,440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;#38;R of the four hundred (400) shares&#13;of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand&#13;(5,928,000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (b) Moyo acquiring&#13;two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2,377,360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion&#13;by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million&#13;four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1,481,510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and&#13;outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory&#13;notes in the principal amount of $960,000 (the December Notes), the Note holders of the December Notes converted&#13;an aggregate of $479,811 of principal and accrued interest into 274,200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from&#13;us in the aggregate amount of $625,030 for the remaining principal balance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (Board) and served together with&#13;Vincent J. McGill, a then current director who continued to serve until August 20, 2007, the effective date of his resignation&#13;from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors, with the exception of Mr. McGill, resigned from their respective&#13;positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary;&#13;and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham, New Jersey.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Following&#13;Mr. McGill's resignation from our Board on August 20, 2007, Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;October 19, 2007, we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100,000,000 the number of authorized&#13;shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the Charter Amendment). As a result of the Charter Amendment, as&#13;of October 19, 2007, we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding&#13;shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;December 19, 2007, the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of&#13;their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result, the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for&#13;7,407,540 shares of Common Stock, and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized&#13;and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding&#13;as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;December 2008, we sold 550,000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer, for $2,000. The issuance of these&#13;shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act).&#13;The stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective&#13;registration statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;May 6, 2013, Ironbound Partners Fund, LLC (Ironbound) acquired 9,509,440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock&#13;(the Acquired Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $15,000, or $0.00157737 per share, from the Chapter 7 Trustee&#13;of the Estates of Rodman &amp;#38; Renshaw, LLC (Rodman), Direct Markets, Inc., and Direct Markets Holdings, Corp. in&#13;Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.&#13;13-10087, 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;#38;R,&#13;an affiliate of Rodman, and represented 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6, 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;May 14, 2013, Ironbound loaned $100,000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000&#13;to Ironbound (the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest&#13;at the rate of 5.0% per annum, payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into&#13;shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the&#13;Conversion Price (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with&#13;the Amended and Restated Note, as described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;July 25, 2014, we raised gross proceeds of $72,000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and, in connection therewith,&#13;issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the 2014 Note) in the principal amount of $72,000. The 2014 Note&#13;has a maturity date of August 31, 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum, payable at maturity. The principal and&#13;accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible, at the election of Ironbound, into shares of our Common Stock following the&#13;consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the 2014 Note), or upon the consummation of a Fundamental&#13;Transaction (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the Conversion Price (as defined in the 2014 Note).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Further,&#13;on July 25, 2014, we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the Amended and Restated Note and&#13;together with the 2014 Note, the Prior Notes) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100,000, in substitution&#13;for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31, 2015 and provided&#13;for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible, at the election of Ironbound, into shares of our&#13;Common Stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the May 2013 Note), or upon the&#13;consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the Conversion Price&#13;(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective&#13;September 1, 2015, the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31, 2015 to August 31, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;October 30, 2015, Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October&#13;30, 2015, Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling's and Warshaw's&#13;resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company's&#13;operations, policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling's resignation, our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky,&#13;the managing member of Ironbound, our largest stockholder, to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling's resignation and will&#13;assume the role of President of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;April 1, 2016, we issued a convertible promissory note (the 2016 Note and together with the Prior Notes, the Outstanding&#13;Notes) in the principal amount of $10,000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds&#13;of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;July 15, 2016, we issued a convertible promissory note (the July 2016 Note) in the principal amount of $25,000 to&#13;Ironbound Partners Fund, LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31, 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0%&#13;per annum, payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible, at the election of Ironbound,&#13;into shares of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined&#13;in the July 2016 Note), or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the July 2016 Note)&#13;at the Conversion Price (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized&#13;by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective&#13;September 1, 2016, the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31, 2016 to August 31, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;February 14, 2017, we issued a convertible promissory note (the February 2017 Note) in the principal amount of $50,000&#13;to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31, 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum,&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible, at the election of Ironbound,&#13;into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the February&#13;2017 Note), or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the&#13;Conversion Price (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized&#13;by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective&#13;September 1, 2017, the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1, 2017 to August 31, 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;August 2018, the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1, 2018 to August 31, 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;August 27, 2018, we issued a convertible promissory note (the August 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $15,000&#13;to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31, 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum, payable&#13;at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible, at the election of Ironbound, into shares&#13;of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the August 2018 Note), or&#13;upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the Conversion&#13;Price (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company&#13;to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On&#13;December 4, 2018, we issued a convertible promissory note (the December 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $25,000&#13;to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31, 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum,&#13;payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible, at the election of Ironbound,&#13;into shares of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined&#13;in the December 2018 Note), or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the December 2018&#13;Note) at the Conversion Price (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has&#13;been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;THE&#13;COMPANY TODAY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;2 &amp;#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Newtown's&#13;accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined&#13;below are those policies considered particularly significant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Going&#13;                                         Concern:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#13;States of America, which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire&#13;an operating business and we are currently considered a shell company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues,&#13;we do own an operating business, and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a&#13;yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective&#13;business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation&#13;of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend&#13;to utilize the proceeds of any offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other borrowings or a combination&#13;of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.&#13;While we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business, unless additional&#13;financing is obtained, we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional&#13;business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do&#13;not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Since&#13;inception, Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2,434,758 through March 31, 2019. For the years ended March 31, 2019&#13;and 2018, Newtown had net losses of $51,322 and $55,851, respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating&#13;activities since its inception. Newtown has spent, and subject to obtaining additional funding, expects to continue to spend substantial&#13;amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown's ability&#13;to continue as a going concern.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Use&#13;                                         of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;preparing financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes&#13;certain estimates and assumptions, where applicable, that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures&#13;of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and&#13;expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates, management does not expect such&#13;variances, if any, to have a material effect on the financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statement&#13;                                         of Cash Flows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For&#13;purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of&#13;three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loss&#13;                                         per Common Share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance Earnings Per Share that provides&#13;for the calculation of Basic and Diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no&#13;dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares&#13;outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be&#13;antidilutive. However, these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31,&#13;2019 and 2018, we had a total of 886,990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock options and shares&#13;issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $307,000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income&#13;                                         Taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are&#13;recognized for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between&#13;the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary&#13;differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates&#13;is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to&#13;reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;                                         instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments, none of which are held for&#13;trading purposes, approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest&#13;rates are indicative of market interest rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equity&#13;                                         Based Compensation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;We&#13;adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee&#13;services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to&#13;all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;computing the impact, the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing&#13;model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The&#13;assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management's bet estimates involve&#13;inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions,&#13;our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, we are required to estimate the&#13;expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate, we analyzed&#13;our historical forfeiture rate, the remaining lives of unvested options, and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total&#13;options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, or if we reevaluate the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future, the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current&#13;period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes&#13;model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;No&#13;options were exercised in the year ended March 31, 2019 and 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;New&#13;                                         Accounting Pronouncements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Except&#13;as set forth below, management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material&#13;impact on our financial statements once adopted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Going&#13;                                         Concern:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#13;States of America, which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire&#13;an operating business and we are currently considered a shell company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues,&#13;we do own an operating business, and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a&#13;yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective&#13;business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation&#13;of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend&#13;to utilize the proceeds of any offering, any sales of equity securities or debt securities, bank and other borrowings or a combination&#13;of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.&#13;While we may, under certain circumstances, seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business, unless additional&#13;financing is obtained, we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional&#13;business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do&#13;not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Use&#13;                                         of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Statement&#13;                                         of Cash Flows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Loss&#13;                                         per Common Share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Income&#13;                                         Taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Financial&#13;                                         instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Equity&#13;                                         Based Compensation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;We&#13;adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee&#13;services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to&#13;all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;computing the impact, the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing&#13;model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The&#13;assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management's bet estimates involve&#13;inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result, if factors change and we use different assumptions,&#13;our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition, we are required to estimate the&#13;expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate, we analyzed&#13;our historical forfeiture rate, the remaining lives of unvested options, and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total&#13;options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, or if we reevaluate the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future, the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current&#13;period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes&#13;model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;New&#13;                                         Accounting Pronouncements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Except&#13;as set forth below, management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material&#13;impact on our financial statements once adopted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.75in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_ntwn_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
<td style=width: 0.25in; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<td style=text-align: justify; padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0; text-indent: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 with (a) R&#38;R acquiring nine million five hundred
nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion of R&#38;R of the four hundred (400)
shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand
(5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired to pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million
four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of
the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and
accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.

On
October 19
 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of
authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the Charter Amendment). As a result of the Charter Amendment
as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of
their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for
7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized
and unissued shares of undersigned preferred stock
 par value $.001 per share.

On
August 29
 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the Reverse Split) of the Common Stock. Pursuant
to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued
below their fair value; hence
 $11
750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for
cash versus fair value of such shares.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (Ironbound) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the Acquired
Shares) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our
total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available
and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &#38; Renshaw
 LLC (Rodman)
 Direct Markets
Inc. and /Direct Markets Holding
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for
the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of
Common Stock previously owned by R&#38;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.

On
August 15
 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013
(the Record Date). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for
each share of Common Stock owned by them as of that date (the 2013 Stock Dividend). All share and per share data
herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend
was in substance a forward stock split.

During
the years ended March 31
 2019 and March 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.

STOCK
OPTIONS

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have
a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options
issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended
March 31
 2014 have been valued at $8
050 for which $4
389 of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March 31
2014. The balance of the option expense
 $3
661 was recorded as expense during the year ended March 31
 2015.

A
summary of the common stock option activity for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2019 and 2018 and the three years then
ended is as follows:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2017
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2018
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    



Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown's shares at a per share price of $0.1058 as of March 31
 2019. The intrinsic
value of stock options outstanding was $85
480.

The
following summarizes certain information regarding stock options at March 31
 2019




    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    

    
886
990
    
    



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019







NOTE
4 &#8211; NOTES PAYABLE &#8211; RELATED PARTY

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000
to Ironbound (the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest
at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into
shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the
Conversion Price (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with
the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the 2014 Note) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note
has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and
accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the
consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a Fundamental
Transaction (as defined in the 2014 Note) at the Conversion Price (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the Amended and Restated Note and
together with the 2014 Note
 the Prior Notes) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution
for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided
for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our
Common Stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the Conversion Price
(as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October
30
 2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling's and Warshaw's
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company's
operations
 policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling's resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
the managing member of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling's resignation and will
assume the role of President of the Company.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the 2016 Note and together with the Prior Notes
 the Outstanding
Notes) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds
of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the July 2016 Note) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the July
2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the Conversion
Price (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the February 2017 Note) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the February
2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the
Conversion Price (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized
by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the August 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $15
000
to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares
of our common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the Conversion
Price (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company
to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the December 2018 Note) in the principal amount of $25
000
to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
into shares of the Company's common stock following the consummation of a Qualified Financing (as defined
in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the December 2018
Note) at the Conversion Price (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has
been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019







NOTE
5 &#8211; INCOME TAXES

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    


    forward
522
860
509
600

    
(522
860
(509
600

    
    
    


The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



At
March 31
 2019
 Newtown had approximately $2
011
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (NOL's) available. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved
as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation did not increase during the year ended
March 31
 2019. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL's may be
reduced in the future if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown's federal and state income tax returns
for the years 2014 through 2019 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019







NOTE
6 &#8211; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

During
the years ended March 31
 2019 and March 31
 2018
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by our officers.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019







NOTE
7 &#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

We
have evaluated all subsequent events and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial
statements.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019









Going
                                         Concern:

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire
an operating business and we are currently considered a shell company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a
yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective
business combination candidates and there no assurances that we find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation
of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend
to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination
of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.
While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional
financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional
business combinations. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.

Since
inception
 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
434
758 through March 31
 2019. For the years ended March 31
 2019
and 2018
 Newtown had net losses of $51
322 and $55
851
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating
activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial
amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown's ability
to continue as a going concern.






Use
                                         of Estimates:

In
preparing financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes
certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such
variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.






Statement
                                         of Cash Flows:

For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of
three months or less to be cash equivalents.






Loss
                                         per Common Share:

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance Earnings Per Share that provides
for the calculation of Basic and Diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no
dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be
antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
2019 and 2018
 we had a total of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock options and shares
issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $307
000.






Income
                                         Taxes:

The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to
reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.






Financial
                                         instruments:

The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for
trading purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest
rates are indicative of market interest rates.






Equity
                                         Based Compensation:

We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to
all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.

In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management's bet estimates involve
inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the
expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed
our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total
options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture
rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current
period.

The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:

No
options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2019 and 2018.






New
                                         Accounting Pronouncements:

Except
as set forth below
 management does not believe that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material
impact on our financial statements once adopted.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 to increase transparency and comparability among organizations
by recognizing a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months.
Leases will be classified as either operating or financing
 with such classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition
in the income statement. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December
15
 2018
 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have no material impact on the Company's financial
statements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019








    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2017
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2018
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    

    
 2019
886
990
    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    

    
886
990
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2019










    





    
    
    

    
    
    


    forward
522
860
509
600

    
(522
860
(509
600

    
    
    








    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















May 06
 2013
Dec. 19
 2007
Aug. 08
 2007
Dec. 31
 2008
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 04
 2018
Aug. 27
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Feb. 14
 2017
Jul. 15
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Jul. 25
 2014
May 14
 2013
Oct. 19
 2007


Preferred stock
 outstanding






























Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)





































































000































000























Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]




































200































811































030

























Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member] | August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]




































000
























































Preferred stock
 outstanding






























Preferred stock
 shares subscribed but unissued






























Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)


































407
540
























































































































Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]





























































Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]
























































































































000
000








































479
250






























































820































000

























Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]




































509
440































928
000

























Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage






























Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]




































377
360































481
510

























Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage






























Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]












































000

















Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | December 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]










































000



















Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | February 2017 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]
















































000













Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]


















































000











Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | Note 2016 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]




















































000









Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]






















































000







Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member]










































000












































































000





Ironbound Partners Fund LLC [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member] | May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2016 [Member]






















































000





































































Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage






























Number of shares acquired
 Value

000































509
440












































































































































































































































The number of nonredeemable preferred stock (shares) (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of preferred stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.










































































































































































































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.

























































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jul. 25
 2014
May 14
 2013
Dec. 04
 2018
Aug. 27
 2018
Feb. 14
 2017
Jul. 15
 2016


Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]
















000




























May 2013 Note Due on August 31
 2015 [Member]


















000









































December 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]





























August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]





























February 2017 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]





























July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member]

































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018











434
758)


383
436)





322)


851)





990


990





000

































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018









Outstanding at beginning
 Shares

990


990



Granted
 Shares






Exercised
 Shares






Forfeited
 Shares






Expired
 Shares






Outstanding at ending
 Shares

990


990



Exercisable at ending
 Shares

990





Outstanding at beginning
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Outstanding at end
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Exercisable at end
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Outstanding at beginning
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Outstanding at end
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Exercisable at end
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)










Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















990










880




















110











































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















May 06
 2013
Aug. 29
 2008
Dec. 19
 2007
Aug. 08
 2007
May 09
 2007
Dec. 31
 2008
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Oct. 19
 2007









































000


000









Preferred stock
 outstanding
























Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)




























 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.









































050



































































000

























000

















































































000







Stock optoins
 description



















990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary.























661


389























































Preferred stock
 outstanding
























Preferred stock
 shares subscribed but unissued
























Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






























407
540



























































































000
000



Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member]

























































200

























811

























030





















































































































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]










































































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]




































































































































479
250


















































820

























000

















Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]

























































509
440

























928
000










































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Common Stock [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]

























































377
360

























481
510








































































































000

























000

























750









































































000

























670





















































































































000

























509
440






























































480






































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Stock optoins
 description.
























































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
















































































































































The number of nonredeemable preferred stock (shares) (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of preferred stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.






















































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Notes Payable - Related Party (Details) - Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member] - USD ($)
Dec. 04
 2018
Aug. 31
 2018
Aug. 27
 2018
Sep. 01
 2017
Feb. 14
 2017
Sep. 01
 2016
Jul. 15
 2016
Sep. 01
 2015
Jul. 25
 2014
Jul. 25
 2014
May 14
 2013
Apr. 02
 2016










































































000






















































000


000

























  2015





















































































000

















































































000
































































































000



























  2017

















Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description



 2018 to August 31
 2019.




 2017 to August 31
 2018.


















































































































000



























  2017













Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description











 2016 to August 31
 2017.





























































































000






















































































000



























  2019

































































































000


000







Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
 Description















 2015 to August 31
 2016.




 2015.






























































































000



























  2019


















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018











860


600





860)


600)












































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















011
000





000



Capital loss carryforwards expiration period
 description






























































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018











000


000



































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !QOZDX?(\\#P    !








M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!








M)E)T#)K[ 9
J5<F+T*9UL@W.40C-S5*R.[.U9],DCX.:'W7_6IIW.72*PT+






V[
M1+#]*OT





M!&7IM;H)51B1
HZ21U'R$

&$
E3
9#.:*DI3A32%1U.%









_P$\:O9




M\$?W+&O];+N9^&:;-P2](1@


E:

.\DDH 5




G)
ME]/.]240M'#D
@(6CQM4T+8RD

MIE?/4;]!R62S&\+)$
Z&X.^&:#)$KX98%:_)5*D?
PLR,J
MUBRYP:(ER2)+$(=);+!85%&69G:6Q
J2K%A2WV!)5EE0$(7F 5M4*$/O?$6I
ME25=LP0&2[K:_0\V&)OL?9K



6SEP.4S&FNG?K2?#
M=UY\]U8_@%02P





G OP!\


M4XG
4N=O7 26?H_\V9^KPYPHSJG5OK


M+\YSB#$8J

H


TR9M4M2IV[63. DJ8&8[


M1KTY
EX3J9K\%(F64W(PIKJ*$ SJ9E$RX+T[?ERX)=9%4V=


)
M'!21CYD0+X,:^38T7VC:O N3\#]M: C1^/:\C\_MCKCXT_'OE3:(U!)TF
MI#&2AP1B9%?BDR59



+)]80Z
+8GVRO^13&#34)




MZP^

L?!2:'A


MA^
^Y


'!_7. 9I Q$7L:?F9
N)0-P

MI8U?4@W6H9I9O!3%WZ93Z'B.





MS;




T)LU8%D]D+W
MH/Q-HXUDSINF);8WP.H(DH+0)+DBDG&%RSSZCJ;

O/W $*/






M_\.G8?_)3
N512?M_

M971S+W-H965T

MXB2H@#




MBN(OTRYTW





N:H#+=R-&:#'

JV\\'!RGP0+?P _W

/PLG75
&X/;\POXYUHZU7(2#
M!Z-^R]IW!;VCI(9&C



BQ-U5P
MQE;$.Q3OT'LMDX3G[!J(EIC3'
.W

MND^0[1)DD2![0Y]*W$OYO9=$K;IJ0;;QFERI#)C'R=YXUT']I['-WD-GZ?]
MN[M[!VY&(\O&_O?&.


[+&-RL4%



F:.()Y]3D'74ASI-SA=AV]7%6XC?/M)X6Z=
/DW[#V$:
MV5ER1N=?-O:_1G3@I217?H1:_\$60T'MPO&S/YMIS;#83__(+9\X^(O4$L#

M=#$T+GAM;'5586^;

M;$





!DNDJ$B&4*P6HA@F#4NLD)%5@A!OA#!


CU(
MY5]02P

M^4K.2KUZXTM=X



MN(IPYI(WSGLI=^G'G%R\T((YSABZQ:P(XM37$#06XDC_H=

MW





MK=1*JU1MG[TP@!5?J&V6].]K&T+IUB_8


M62



M?^%I/'P?S7 ?PO=;]60?)\BB!%D@R/XI
;\I
8:YCXOD49$\0O!P(Q+#'&Y$

&G11UCV?T.16*0LNE=V=

OV=O_4PV2D70R
DB&)9SVH&@/BO#@+?ZKG2;I

M&1TH(P)YB%YFP8Q(G:4
K)*V
Y$[;DR$2OVM
@X&E7 5S HAG9W1L3*@ ^
M.@LI93KV\^7!W&0)7I8,\,QH)E&\PLP9&'_MYTX30#BFN %9&T*JY'XC
M%08L+*05G^7NW:D1L8 [PR E@M_% Z&)*6L582#0N@S0BVM00^ +6
P%8K

D)(E.TH !H
MG (MF-^PBTK;W;A0





MAF[2 9.28M)+]XL3C9U=0*0DB
S $P$)0)-4/_72O9/AG2G#LZL :HI +0.-

MY+?_T

MEK(WGA
V
MJQR1DNR$DLR.9.

M:T\.^%2*5]I^(69!H6V9U7\C9U)*N'(B8^QHR?73VIVXH)51D58J_-ZU1:W;
MUNA?:##!



$N/!

:) :.CHY%!F(FC
0.#S.ZG/(
P$RF?@T'F@
 
%D N
M7-KN?9]+$#1A%$U\0A @


^G_






MB.]T.QNZSQO-T N_47&I6^D=N=+/V#ZV

KP3@NL=/N=%@S.RDQ3/1=#



YX;6REE]%NFS 4AE\%\0 %VX% E41J,DV;
MM$G5IFW7;N(DJ(9[23=V\\VE
7V*5VW7 1L_G/.9P._#HL+%X_RR)B*GIJZ



B[B:
?V]%2K
M+_SR@0T+RN)H6/TG=F:UEAL276/+:VG_H^U)*MX
631*0Y_Z8]7:XZ6_
B^&
M
#@ #P%X#

M]&JEGCVO


)-3-/


0%
M@6T6 3Z+?9]%H8
&(%
2%P0V6 0X+/8==A!-@DQ)7!#88A'@L=CWV$&$T!N?
MZ?Q_GFG8BQ%@QL0WXT'TCX5A]T6 _1+??D&1WVR (O(#.S!#!A$A@1)
I\
M&$B$81@







 8

$%     @ '&_J





^?_PXPV
MX,Z 'PWJV.<,A#,0?2-(9R _(\BS!LH9J+X&VAGH3P-QUL X ],W0N(,DKX&
MJ3-(^QJP^&/FXMXFQ\GN/=OL8[H9]Z)$AX75KM3KK,JFDR+?CXH#;+NL89I]
MJZUJY\VW[=IO_UBOUK+^]GW*I9Q$[XTGIYD=-/Q$PU3<U5R%&BY55W--^6%=
MS0VEX5W-+15+=S6_4WY$5S,G_'05=Z%I%W)=ZHQIJNYIS1)5_- -%A_#DY4
MS^)Q*CD]E;SU(#I14MJ#H#V(UH



833=&$_/C
MQ;FB-)R.8N@HAO#@H7-O@@E.8@4F.*'#)$$8ID%#4]I#VG_!-]F83'\QT0KA


T(E18*&&,#*0EJ9
M 5F% 1)9,FJ 8LL_3)?7SN-[LXTV.
 L)P UGC;]C4G@(6! *T\I-7/_-=.

W#/9X9



F0?

(DH @26QL08:7Q

.I=*).+22
M$2A'*W2/TP=+16+)%$/! )B*.2&4TG1\H8!:A4%)5H.0 JU0 J%:!24:6F
M?XVBB./?F6L4#:#4%)3^-8H.2TU\C:(!D9HBTK]HUN&%#:N7
0H%F-04DV Q
M:



)NBV]L









YU-#0T
PA'[^ON8)\
M#

+^1B:.\@G[FON1VB6@9P^YH'R?J-(Y:[&[%




'-!HA!)
MA#!


C85:]
M$;;5(?#3(?PT0MJ!(E!3

MX4K
5) (:2F*
$V!W==LJ1M(%&

BI*T\

$%

MFQ?L&9]S?

OXH60'IOE/0B]ULIASUHFJ!8O' !NC52L,XQ5*%_(S$
MP '7AD0)H




M(J= 9 3BI8$@6)5A






N#8D2
:SQ!O[A5&L]H[NY
38NPZ^E:GK:4-
MH)!: :OE##D0HH64C;^SIKN4U




M )\RTSSZ@7G==L(Y


M:&5E='

MOI


5 [7. 1&'-$UL:?A1.ODJYP.W]E_^Q[

NV_J!JU



FV6#B%4$L^RJ1A2.R;OR-([

@4?$G_*_L/G^_N=
MJK87&IVEL6?5GZA&2@/62G1GF^WLD[$&#!KCIA_L7
T79PZ
')8W@:P/4_D/

M:&5E=#(W+GAM;(5466[;


5$-1PD
M^]55ILWQ%J


MFXAWJ6UFZ9R^=_[
LXZBZ*:2_X!

MO^!:2@
VQ^C.IM?:D9\
!K5QVWN[5^'A!\/(?IQI
OU8BK]02P
$%     @



1#G




TB0%!08#+:&L
MN

Z_CR_/ST]AQ:W8C^Q8DXOKQ #3RX.*XV1M/W/IE[(_GW


AXIO


M N/-_=0+:A@EFV6\MV-YYX_\BD#R[JY$9VYJ

M!


7YZ+RZO!

MB)&J$=RMH



MW4[G!U'_DKB0#RF$A

U7F9+1  Z
8@C?:-^V-A[DABLVHBS&_V7)

MC[(D6 @(T\8W!DP+*, 0JE[0(R0A
9XK
M5+<WV=U=%'P5E'5:N$@Q\26*P8P_3/W15,\'_,W4\S&HOHMBQT\3&=RU@(RB
MGTTR,*FPZ ,<&@BU/+$B/0#CC!'1L%,&(/B;T$D O0PDJB2?Q(
&R)=C*
7P/_Y
ML3M-*?M';QK5@!4]M&\


)D6X


M*:RHPJ;T?XM/BXW\;[AG77?WX

%'=\\BW%:G2)Q7W:\H

M@D DX)HD=^![*).)*XB&@3]1P2C

T=

TG$GT3TKK.[S /7
ZO+7$^^AFX
M&
TA\=5()7''JCNP7Y'('1
8E3H$_DC](/=\V#?@O91F+6.U05
_P62=/PF)


M-&LF7KV$OZ-(=HYT-P]ZPTD;@1SH0S_%H

X *BA7RJ(

M





PM!B9@.+/@TCL(A^=C$P.+C_ ;!<+@+IC'Z#)H/]B$4=;&DY-H9^]



MHVT6L-)FY!&%'!L3T&WK,0=!.N8K3*QL4L.. AUXNCSC1EVAEQ@7?VCUJ=



MZS$[2SR'-XSW*OSL-/&SF2%(F4T$5X]+KJOB5$

M_A^9%X#30.5J:D]K6=9



MW

SK)
'H
X]Q-1C


MJ5&^3QP[NT7!+N@5

M\3'6+Q#K1_9[


Q-@5@B);O


MPM'YRRVFX]?-]TE^X:

K*41


M]-:U 

MJB)3.1QTG#)H//

MJ-K
%')UA$5+J3_* B^&
9)\)UH.5O7_'&%R#I0_;'_X'CF-ED2R@C/-JR23

XR)N?H!;Q@O4YEO?J#]:W(A?28[4#NNA5E7YZ8A*I






0Q5+CYUMH!]RLJ0#MY L! M#K;8?1WA]!$O @VS
+HHW
M_B?X-_R8AIO1M2=5IFVJ *




WF
BDAV01D_E51TO
MUSZ9GH&()HY61U)/BG


M


MC_V;#]NLRU2B




M)UE/69:5#!A0T@4@*N]61M

JD76VY#9=

9\PV23RZJY;W3)[S*+JG(#_HU-
M ZE.1'+SLLI&4\H^!QPQ*W'HZJUA #5G;2LQ6

S
O=.ZFG-




FH0V!1
$


M6;L1_FP.5.#A^*@T@,FXE%1Q'(&5K/5/CC/NK0#X$'(]^

#!/]
QW\/8=


M)MKLU($V
3JLTFZE%3+\

MI$\VG@[-*8T7PCC&=)C9L$L0Y;=@;8.&K$YS4

M['X4TT%6I2T;K HG9:$2K$C'PV;K3+U!H06'_V#=$/H_6]D1_0L'2W,EN3
M*CB1JJ++
H70#ZO;#G*T


\ -8C& (I\95-6JRB

3IW[

M5P%\_^83/=EI=UUQ)NF2\M9M-(?H^GON^T683[0TN/)'EY)0+25LPR*0
M7=09%KQB@A6
6@_1#H(A@D!Z)[K;09[)@RN\?(]#Y$&6VGV%MB/HVQ!LS( R



M^C5]3

S]-=?1B
M'F&2TYIDSI/V07_.E
5B*





M[R-
4P6ZX(KCCY=%U+[/$N'K



M%0%^EF'ZB7I





M=#28OD 7^!7

T]G5
N


MO=J(X'3G

MUS84-X5J:3V./YN!:N
48UZZKYYJ7$%UB-9K?\=.MW'!-;MQY(
AW[W425QT





M\X&^OBI:'&@&+#]1K@W?\16WR+%;^!GC9-NQP1KXTVWYS Z
\&P*9-\CL=_J


78EO?7(=7=^8'=!B:6:9+ Y]
M$C'G1OV#H]E2

!R#N*;:#/Y LF+6

MPRJO8977L

*QAE9\69I5/HA@B11!$2O
S
^9LRVYJL$*<):@:!+:4F#C<\
U[JSBA
$^R/N93)+W
MM2 <6[KI-EYMHM9BV]ED2G1_$/E/P P.94D3OG15!)Y1=9=)7JFGM(X-A$0
M*5J:/MUP46^*.BWO2MTKMRH+--TLLET5YI'?3I=CQ%.S^J7.NAWQ'?W'N9+Q
MS OIJV%MJ)W72$^U-RB[D$'\*^#F%96$4F(^=X0!FE:@A3?TX@'74_B4O




(XS.M:@@W7XW4L;KV8NR3L



!UG4$
MC4X;2WUL4?




&NH]S74
M^QKJ_3\.]5Z6RX]U:.P5X5W#P[\F/'P#VF85*;ZR#VM8^36L_!I6?@TKOX:5
M7\/*KV'E+5CYRJFI?!-/




J_^]
M-^J_)-5.\;^ZX[QPLYJT=O^X 6MI





M


MHCE%?%47&!@2/?$]BW9/?-




M\R
N8\V7ZJ![M_M4[C&?SQ7ZVKSU

Y6GD:)Y&
M/M;YC'/REUM^?M

\5 ]'YBW1[M0?

U'_!H9)+ERV_
]2 %Z!/:Q-:-7C%#:1S?G;W^H=O%52


A\YY-T
M'!U'E5I3_%A@K

ZA
VATQ#!8(AK#6T3)0A(3

MD?@0&!:MJ%?=B/VI^9;R$
UA#V&G!^&DBR%^E3KY7KF]+##Q)G9&7U5=81





BW;GS&;(G.V8&Y9\


MGRPFU_%Y$$CVR-,CX-PF#OH?Y$'&4S!,BYZ&Q+3(WL$12SOR$QD=#8)D'S



MZ


N
_R/;51JW
M22ZPPF- YD^[&\6^?0A-L&3OI+^- $FGFK1\#V32H;RK;Q1=GYR:6N&K]+



KF]P_N^1F^

M;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;



M%     @ '&_J3A\CSP/     $P(   L              ( !     %]R96QS



M% 








3


O



P


M

M;^I.D2GAAB
  &!@  &0              @ %




M%     @ '&_J3G78FH(%!   I14  !D              ( !=4
  'AL+W=O









M    @ $









 XFK7I+KCJ<W4Z^H[U







SJ6/OUB+'WNUU'GM/




'(%??Z.*1G/]IE/PE0;ZS$?6C


0F^L@]!GF5C3=DBSVN98K4D9O=4YK%;5K#23



_2W?X0LB6S-A%RI@@4SAY#;FI!G
M$G);$_)L0B8B6W

S)P_!




M-\L&R
MF

3]=L?


ML:):]6


M'.LS0

_O&R^399Y[V;=B%@]GHF.U(D2W






M_!N&O?
]4]D

M;-J
X3)F?25+SB+E2G2TQ)038TW.=VG9W#N#O7URO?RK _?ZV.AVN8V2F9N
M1DE.G1HVB^


.PPS95QKC9-R5#



M-E.$

MPRXR;2X!66S:CFF2606&AV&95\Z9






?O2L#)B%A61Q

KB@I %B^R28QY@=H1E^\8G(BSWV$/_-DKU)+QD#'

MW?S9:C
#
6-R*S5!X=F+TMGQF

MLH6 6S.-KR#

86P](W[CUU ?IWGD&??K$KT
SFG59\MNW-PL8V1M?SXJ=AHVO9SU^QC9(A?6X*-NPLK5X-]NW
M26^_%#R0
9PN!^

M'/;E-/]RL#M=CQL^/^?BOU=.GI*EE1PEU-KU1 AZ
4#6MYP%#B;*[54OYYH'


M!1NGU79&TY2M1<3*]1W00:51V1T$3&EJ
MT\JMWUOUZ@KWNS/ 8-2&6'O2*6Q.E#/

MN;9N)H7/7/1I










M






MTJQ&  _B[:
(3^.D_!

C 4-B
3J(8X(HX&9
M*Y8\6D23_T2R#X)-AP?N'1,W+*63B4P\!+?C@8T$7J^)3!#EE&*@1 (*$



R!L_E@0K$]3$T1

MO;RC6:=)]SBH=6\PFU^#TM6S:V@LO00Q87W.TJQ9$4

M=Z:IF8.(M0+WB5




EBI31CHIW@*_9

BE!##WV$<C






2))#6C]0C6L$TW7@'U
M)P4$
@H:UR^N]YT:#XON@



MF[D^5!HG64X4S3X]A#



Q!Z05T^1+<NM$I9Q\
'0

LH8L-I4N



MUPU]1=[JB9[5@]\/ZZ5ZZ[14;92/QL[&11F
.&D0! EB
FU B'P!3)MZ*N
MK*)VIL2X 0NCWU
Q/1F

M#%=M

M?4+B@!U:1V

3E


M8UT#QOB&64&

M3/]-R.;T0]8K;EVU5&NU2K5F\:U3^3@$&KR$]2UN HF'E9G.[5EL!MY=\V-
M2546=9(A79L1



MD\K1D

MLVG06+);7AP32!VI)ZDJ1;\RD9*9OO3YD^2W6M_%76W-]$AM4AV6WJA/

I?*O!%O)[)S!T8[CVR(DG'1AE(





#00





N&
CTTG0K722*3'*&Q^
M-.8E(0&FAW6D?1B]@]-PZQF I@Q RN?(E$5#R6.I,8?B4@8S]\DY$'?$3V
M=]0I28?/Y?H(;@15!J4.MHI,8MOBB-?/!$9H_J&





MCTPRFYKDDVV 1*:I

MJ&N/5D;

_O;\UK</LW@^@V\9]#YB]L7&8*M%JS

M91UO[1I






Z2#SA_-&*AZ\ZWX$P[=]QF&^




5-J L0NJGL%@6]=OV(=-=SW37LQ]P
M?;KKV795*6P5


!OEV&ZACIR
M;HTZ4F6VR







M('69FVAU^6+0!F')?QJ.3VZW QR/@8)[
NJY[ 3S[7*!N+E:JD#O$YIH[?






MMK7$7+AV^_KFX8*JMAI
%#BUJY7*1W9U?7;SY8(]=/[KXGZRJ/M-^V\NO+2Q
M@JT=7




BGI]+C-C1+.IW1+:M::C?W
MOEO6# 243TO-\AH0L.&&42ERG]6[Y3/W_0_LV;!#$:LRT'+$^
2Z-
'6=ELZ
MG




F#?]3WK)




M0H EB**BA
Z\QTF:P. -&GGR%



P+^)J8



M]OA9SG F)8T1$A/$Q_-9[JI;#/!7]$%$RH%#31NAQ+0@%L_QWG#ZC*]X;[

M^0$#%9L_2M[Q4

M=0=H;%6IJG/=M^)^5ZJ=X(3W=Z
BY$AA9\GX^)D(BD??7\H
OKR7X4[T/#UM

-6*HNUR6@R\
I



2


MYW:/:N ZX1-L)RZ^I=*O#2R#$_58. M53+AV2O 3!S)QIH&#O)= /+*0^;
MJA2P!3_6.G  S!
)VT

W.B)GM6#WP_KI7KKM 2VXY&\9X=  .F/HW7%73ET-PM ;:C*M'<G
MY7(EOC$%

J-Q2']?*$])S*/VN1Y@8;V*0

M



$^(PS#JG[/ZHM1P7ECR!09!@F
MIO-DD

M%U$AX]?XA]2TJB$'2S\9WP
HNJ




HF&9Q:V[9
M-+=$!G5


^S?@7_B]G9X3H9@=2A.=^\3JU?&;
V-



MZD!90E)[5T9UT&BU:JU8)Y3BBX? @ARB!=EB#Q[@C7-E/5+
(TX1N7--0%*B

9'%UMFR]B[H'F1Y.9)

MM%U0QA&\](_0'HG^X/ 'X



M98 R2T#1/;'J4A4%PR+V3( ] ):3.

%O:J
J0
M/



M&J=D.H.\UR)0UV!A-K5I^4:4L!BI575]#9[S!GB]E6
7($<
M\IZ5<6
M?SLXM;K39
E9PO ^Y 9VY;M78V
D8?;ZHSM@ :9FD
ML#2&^7%AI.HZM$#:_A7

Z90U)YVR-ZC.S].6NYQJR_T#TX-4


JDZ2R9-CK8VJ;0*9R@#

M$
4KF



MC;
C%% GX!
*LS+1IT=AS7W\;[DM*HW/ 5I@E2H#=1+T?:DO1RXV&$$L!;#-


MV
?[D!AU3)&9$^APA_#PP!@EJ! TP6A()D



^JCR(C!B-85=$0*K&]J&!_/X
8?]*'9EH:M_%[K?5RT9
MU.@0ECT


//Z;X)BYNC%U?0@V
K\MX(@LB#.\[OP7U+

?/0;0L^@







N$Y8 :57GTJ?
&BO7[U(ZX
M#S0+]H-M_3NTT'IXYBK2I5I(1YU:XS!?HJ.9S#[#&_MD.I/K

'HPXY?H6
D1



MR\?46XFJNT0-:]1=5#JX'3 +HG-*&P%!(/'L+SZ C7
H^NM*+ZM42YGDB*

D)@:4&/F%_=U_ &?=*\N L:T;A84_ Q;.Q+#SC$/-KZ68H
MNLE 'JJ(5%-5J1156M$E:/*F!'B\W6Z63D_+=#OL'&3@@CUJLXV] VUJ]K*
MA,2]\*



/

M.@&G5B




MN6-8\A;FZ

BN^H

O'
732489$ W?L:-7.@YK1^U?M3ZL8!^?/J1].
%%0(54XZ?Z @;




ZG88W34



M^9P0Q+ :4=0L$[['


LNAHZP='2O2L2(=*RH0*^K_


MR\&KH]$PQH@EMIO#ZZ31AJ$V9)Y*QP*'%9UE[\D =UODOA (C[$33G8O(P%\
M[/:.T=J.$[L
9M


MBS95G]7#(IFE:\.THJD:7GQD$6O%&5UNQ!#8UH5FH)08]9IJ^BRX3
9[AG2E


)/

MEF;0L2[.I6
GJH QG$-M89-=86\HWM1Q3-#O&+)ZYK=82:#5M%;36DT74].Z


ME^QMW)6]-IITEVS=)3ON]K;+7;*+FM23O:R_@:7YN^.^./= !J[#S2ND_OS-
MLZ_=9!/K*:--3ON':P/0P'S89]O+WP4J/=W8*.
.!U:)6:*2%ER4


H)/
OQK2XE

#$Y
#
S
M


 OZP-4C=K3ZG]6AI-'OYRW3HH#$1DG)VE2N=
M%'.(





[JOAQ=O/CZW)/_PF+Z4U($.



LZ8.USMAJU$

Q&OBT4
7996#83


MCG3V JT&W3RESLS]NR7N%T80[Z&%F2/KFI1F[V: 69_(.FLK;KT
N&-#J@BK
M%+6H6@K#&F%S7$[3XJ+#$MA%E*&HY;^BP/8Q6
$PN



M&U+E)1TU9M]P;WXE;#'%FP3



M

3QFVDM9XU-:$Z#$#CEC@%#IL$.4;?D.2-MDQ0]5S&%+


9B-H.#2!A96PDKC9T;XB @%<2F$SH<&%%5:



MZ37-T1_XD*.1*(^Q 7E:S+.$2N\X4@958
MU8;ZC#;G@=$IW-;ZU'&TZ%5.035
EOICG2I
HI3;'6^NMUT1?-KAUW7].^M0






QIA;1IQT!

(
?
M(ZJP


_TR=2U Z-R





MW/&9PZJ/
()[
 F$F41?&UV#Q52(&ZIO'=17?7!7PKB#))[!R^:UD3OJ=@

MZD[\FN;T8P@  (M1   5    ;G1W;BTR
#$Y
#
S

V

M.K\=C$8MI%S


9JZ[

M 67[RQ]7M_:



$9Y@!)?B
0/PI.E\P4$S[E6@_8J8U?#LCQ%5%\%(G'Q#/
M-9:@C!EQJ8U9*7IE/M%J@.0:&.IR72RT%D.C%2HPGRJ R&<3 <SS!^)&O%;




]MC_C[^CY'*( +X0YQ0CY:C#VUD&!8\^JLO[K(
M0B'5]J^8.VC- D5X'%R$]%91!',/@&YVZO![0((F@!AB)$).X*+Z3Z@D%%3
M![#\9M\4JP>_X^
M%W#+:\ZEC82$$G76VN0H+.V(KR2[L
&
MM*+'\W&HN 

MV;8+H&BA%:&/
]='7Z

MD[K=

UL^+9^&YHKHG$VW%I'P/JN3-4MIJR[

S%7S _MM-9+I6V9]$

M@O




5=Y$YN30IF^\:V?D\




MG$4$

$%     @ '&_J3I/]3W&L
M%@  FG$! !4   !N='=N+3(P
3DP
S
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM76UOXSB2_G[ _0==


SL/-Y;_AOZ<AQ\FY<P_[_U^
)$4^O Z(U5QH?OD^EG


KIA3EGCO5#4^$+)MBPM;THFW9*M@UA16T-+<1;!.B\HV-T()VPA)-6U;8
M5CDB3=LFV#8+!5N;.Y:SN[0B'@[=-1(HK,)I2X!X5!(6HX&HP]# !5'A&L$C
MZID6,=,+PS_Q%Z7K:J7%<OQ]4G0_+K//5-\W:LOZYEXJ5LEC=Z4;L'B\)MZ



M^&W$-: Y_2&Q;.;B96%]QG6'N0C2%4P
V=.P2]K3Y[U!?VV+C3UD?M[SW8 !
M609+ES\#


.:T^U;W3+'SKG^9/FZ740
5VS*&K@5(ZD8 .B5Y!)V1R.2

MZ1$WSDN%M5BZ\2T

M$2NC %+JM+4^;:VP^9B[8'S]9 
%

'%Z;%ILP?]O-FAO!8K(+_'*K18
M1]/FLW)H



7(S6:0D1NT-I-N





MV%P%4N.%B^PZS\@=WF!'GTZ1RZ(%+.+*^HC^49#C!RI14A15!(4D!0KYE9V
M 3&*!XOKXD9)YUP??ZUZ[7/L//7MTCW3Y]:^
3U)WRAZ:&DDU
%W0&7 @ N
M!FKVXX IQU4(.%X%5+K*0 8!N.[MUQR! (PYJ


+!



M %G[)/DNIQ?=-8O#)KEB:H=+F)@VJ_Z3_+MFSG0/F32!D\#6H^I;[V2=O:W+



TPT?
MF$P+2$Z'LF9GA0?*2R& R) \JM
F


!4G*V@O
C!1:F7C@
A
TH:C11
M8QK 3/#EU&='Q'YP?J$68Z

9N0XRQK ?8DQN4CX-DXP=XE3#1X.N




MCP.D4O:E49Q(3'H%DYI\W2.#%/53%]26#%85ZE6?^CKP@4U]HTM'&BY('@8
M1+]!_F1VA=T9LOS K=PJ1%1WO&&(0P3;AMQ8#H N'.\::1KFCO;
DHB!!N&


,,JXVP[.L,&P\);[.H UV[S/LWF=XM^\S[





MV]4)\\3/4 ++RTMWD435H


M

O
MY\:F\L64SE]D&=M2S*^)5%%9+^;5DBS:T&-Y]0Q+#W2J/)F-R5KAV3)I9B77


OP

2
Q?VW@C+_]L@8FLB/R0YX:\M'T
M&LUU.PJ  BZ'E-HHI*B389D*5?

M
[-LZPGZ M4+&PJ.S9(79+MW+?*
U/&2DORW$W;O6JC+C9+.N3[^5'C78JM;



 ^0L@QX[A(AJ=
M@B)O)51TB:9JV




MD.D2N
=0F1HZ9BK.NAW=P8T]0OFOLE 0&\B7YDE8[5(Y,]C3M\I7^R E@
MBLEWB=L*P$!N%4A XF6M0TGK<=9YJC63.1OQ!)YEA Z^[*JEAJ_L8 MJN[

2/9.WLCSSUMY!_JV]4(T6ZR&_QYJT4-7JS;W=6WN[


@=Q+0[?O


MOX$7U95=\&_'D

MT 6&@M+3H:RXAM MAJ500
S(/N^.#81

_^6,^
MOSD2U$+)5#KS&DQK!@_8%A\*6:P-I-@<-S&VY4=BEL<Z6K?'A6R_&19?8X=


+'
_1Z^='
M#CH\UCL$PZ]*/XX'A2%W:?I_/V+%X^/C\_#Z


<T_C5




4@J0?\ZS

DWK/\Y;

I8M5\GR[G

M5))P6UJO'RIE94HON@9[C6




S


M_N8)%$F%*F(Q3IB;9-3PY5J9O.$
Y2P@6M3UQ.'AQYMG_\E%T4H6_4*E__MO
M+U9/L




M@9


M

MU28EN5%*L/O\+GIXX6&?VR/R2]T

M7UOGA1Q3G0E
 ;J\/-N:V9!0YRI:1EJ4D0AV1A4ET((B0BD8
MU%!!JU.RNZ(!]M:TV$+!13BLNP4G2[+WRC\7)

M*1%&5/H L6G\3BW0610^X#CU;P

M.E_T


V#$0(NECK-.(

O8/HW=F/'JW!SQZI^31.7;9U_NVA-1[
M=&*O92&[)M/IT7X1O


MU:U+\



Y


M]58D:)TS.N@:W*&R].[M2GK'OL9L'D1+C'NA-WF
1M
I
52Q.B)AGQW0XH&
M[-6HHAVSA)=A(VQ)5-AQU($LJU=CVV_.S'OUU]=N+DWGE4WC:1';&$270




IE+3+B
MYIX
A_3PKA/*5$5ZI8/(H!5.I0E +%! $M!B:)

M$&-4^&06)5-!7 ? *'2]N U\]R*(G/K1(XE


TI5+'TU^-M0FP0H-0$S2@F;$)?B%AP@
MKHQ*VI8GQL.%X
BL6*3[*7$57'
^S+\'1)
&*
5
&'%!&-=SBER2H^F%'SJA


FLQHB';/3$D








F-E)$.6V04.LZ[%1!%*2'006V23 ) E!)#3[*SKF))

M7Q??BEEW@



_,DTP8ZH1W-8I<C%I0=\3-\^+@L)
M$S3'
1,G RG;L-)4[W0LUJE!E?U1+$PSMC. V3EQRY0-TQ]7Y?9=* 3#X.0A3
M3-Y<JB9B0ZK;L5$(L3HF5D3 <$B,JSD&<JG\(M0!C&0(QIUVZMIHNV.=CJC

J\J C (H4(6B/]+DY1
M$&TG:NKF9
B/IN5KJZ=.XKN$UN=^L$BE2T6M6ET21K
*90JUJ( 9C/1PRABV
M6NU&A^B6JC*?QN/*
I5F)ZE@!*(S?
MR3 <$P(2QZ3\1<F!F05JX!UZ8=X0'Z5^6HB02OL:  5

M8K)*NG1V$N4*U^/UJN2^ONSTY1.;?!LE6.4Y*U'*SYPP:4L-(+E@)&\)I0*\
M)M&#J[@]=9W=GCIKOSVUPV:J7\*1MX]8$E[#M.!4728Z;[]
M-.18LU+.=TV

MSIE1@N




MU037*0DPV0W@^Z1L$(H\QUIL@$G &*R]9VNC;TVJ&[W9JXUN*.:9K@;W7]

.P-SR#V(O(27(R]Y()0J9S


M969%V

C-*L^0Y])?^/SX./O4N:48=
M2QNQ.T[O#/(8FQETX6Z!J 51;X).^Q\&PR$U4*
+]*7?&W^;S0KPZ(




A@-J4D^&UU=

+I
'0J16B)/
SW8?


M?Z'6[F;P83BX&)SUAA/4.SL;?63I5]'UZ'( )P.K5M95FYE6V[.K LVHJI5%
ME0O!







X((T;-.

M:C!+)@N&4BT Y;L*4(+07#A^SXE

MTU($0SL3M'4.K@Z:^RL-&&3



?3(]'3U;MCH=[KL/^'8]1-\'?LN'M-H
MC82?$84TH1R,Q\&/:=8JTTQ76K[RX/YB7![!3K%T)5<^8
2
.GZZMUMM=K4(EBKU=#Q[I=
M
 3:B&VQTF2[O5P7?9]I_P7(
$A=4QIG$GOGBY@N /&@6]Q==G]?$).EBI5B




M=S&^(U





MJ'6LD]$0:-

VQ[Z:9

J%W%=.*U'L*TU\=K-RC

KMI85UVC\TJ7.X4ZY4$




MTX)+J:44M




O1]/67'TM




][9T-
&4LS:V[

EKVJZYKCWD

N[ $VT0 RAIL_]4:683M


@



M+U4-V#62SHV!G5?=

*1EI![3 PC1*LDW8CV*UY!@CAPR3+'3F-8I1D^KLTC=J5J
_:
MUBNB6Z-I7KFJ!=77M\[

K* &!KU=73S2ZT

LRIVAI=FXS]*K2L!1J-5CV00MKG8_G





D.7/B

]%SN$V2NW

=1CXDWF


MQUKO19GV
[.G[%6W6ZMJ@FL&
R?$88H\GSPSQJ1M$W2(



DXFB)G=?'M - MC36OGX%J)VL]:;Z'/MIBL/L)FFG6GN+)'#
N?%4S9/=MY]E]V_GJ8F?H(8<_!OG9<[+;GE9(LMUH: :






I?8EYB1UN28O\)[8GMY=C!DP20]44-KP%:D
M^[\W]\IL#OL*8D-I8?US#JO1D87I3IOA5&_;PZEJIC8]:=J'[C' 8K.]%]#H
M(GEF62?++!L7F67=50F(.($SUC






.E_(8W[LVH[



Z@!E
MOBGU]168%Z\ )_3Q
]'O$!=&O91/Q=C9-C+INW9@= 3B_^JU3IL.S$ZBAJKH
M

M+C\F]+1C





M:=!F=O/ $^_ FFL#:KXU0+=FO


DJL!;J$R/*TF&?*[OGHM4_[HDOQ&/LX_
M(O_03DT^^1]02P
$%     @ '&_J3F/5;^H
Y6J%$U$G8HPL.''_O7'T!2-D420(
BU:!7^9 X


MD-VY]RSZ/7[M
5AW5RR-//+4U_C3MXO+\=&7P^O3\?EW








MA



M6@70$G8[SE.^EIN3:_=!#W5#TV['PM5]3I/


MW



&G0J&I

J9HM(0BH-5&W %RYA&
2?1E$]4/T?L/ID!
MO).$  J)59MR@ @0H;E(;P+JG03

H#%;MQ:7L8JYFV7S.\MS7

RZV@6%BX&:\SVR#Y

U=D;Q3&7KYZ1
M:CNLPVXCN2[;BH23[OQ45V@4$0
H*+7F:$?@:@DWP2!AU0XTQ.41D2'$_SG^








FB C

M=A')$+H%#?9Q?

[PX(&.MS4S7V[EZ
MEYC!ICFLW;JF9OO23OU-9:?^3.NPB5.BQE/&O&K?T\#TVW(I :I%Q=FQ\/'#
M+0EC LA?EU
D2#-%'M
MM[2$V+MD,W!<K##87XE=#KCHQK=\:EV6MR

MJ=FX9P





MUM=

KV



M6&98
M#NMM79+LA80+OM]J7L;N[E2-



M%





)\=Q0N=\;ZLX?*JVP[X58PQ0


M.W![BBN  9-38%_3
$9*Q[P=$)VX-




6\A\]4E)1L.
U[PG[4H0QVFV%9=





MSNR:?\%X








($

MC])+'.4%D($


/=.97$-RS=G5[2+D
M=-C9*6!@8 *P%*S17%3V


M5&9=  'I+PH)
2$

TYOS&





PCQ(]/.+]+.L8G5+F?








M]DR7PI'KBEGV\&5#TH

Z8MP]O!EENA1?_;8G3+*A=A/M9[Z
M]RGK]






]9Z'[_$EYY:Y[

W)J-I1++O5WH\-0EV?+JE#B[EFP-D


E=V&+AQ/)YD P6ZL3J)
*PK$HDW X6U\U!ODM)
MA%V(5JY@55/1L]Z%
XL7(


^2-63U&73=5:W&YD/P
MRVH.2FIB$QKZ*T\2 DL046F7#IA^O;SDR:?W2A^D(T(OD:=1H+)S@@G #B^5

TML .*5*B

@$UI\:W%M
M0#DCZHC X=XA@P811*_0-5R/ #XM#2T_O(CE!&;5C3*M\3RST]8=$6B.^HU


ML
/F:F




-M.;;G<Z^4JHXM@6)NL;A 9=PWHFH7S$O;54-#=_X.!IR$NO).Q7
M7TG(NG&*?OC_BYZ<K*NGUQ(P7TF0U;?6OYN@I[2AHL\@7U* @K)Y6\&RVZ<6
MOZVPJ4]@T^,(F_H$V/4)U$]GZHBP:URO7IY _A#F0-<$C[UE1659-A5%H%
MPYC!A]K


GQ+(E?<)SUC<7SH1M'C
MA$4B^9W_YY8F;O#T^4G^N20LT$7'V'%R$ZL6Y[MF@PK_(A;#KGT@X#=NZ&J
MCBZ(&#LKS01A$[[:KF _YI-52*9B6K9A!5N7CYE;QD]?ZP+C$MNMMR4)$P:_
M#*D]JZ'=YN706]!RR-G=+(@Z8N9X


M-Q QDI0/Y'&IL9SI3CH?W/*J0Y':

ABA9WT

=
M;(U1]+%9:4ASU9[%#CNZ5Q$


MFBP2X@Y9*


M !$              ( !O50  &YT=VXM
C Q.3 S

M  @ '&_J3OR:YO1C   BU$  !4              ( !LUX  &YT=VXM,C Q
M.3 S,S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !QOZDZ3_4]QK!8  )IQ 0 5
M            4EG  !N='=N+3(P
3DP
S

M         ( !Q:L  &YT=VXM
C Q.3 S

+ (H!   $S@     !
end



