

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-14-024859
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140425
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140425
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		14784836
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     







Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE


For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)



    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
        
        


131 Columbia Turnpike
 Suite 1
Florham Park
 NJ 07932


Registrant's telephone number
 including
area code:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(973) 635-4047

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to section
12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock
 $.001 par value



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.




is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.




(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.




has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).




delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or
any amendment to this Form 10-K.



is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).&#9;



On September 30
 2013
 the last business
day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter there was no trading market for the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock. The registrant&rsquo;s common stock last traded on October 16
 2008.


 2014
 13
757
550 shares
of the registrant's common stock were outstanding.






    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 Executive Officers

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives
of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which
are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can
be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans
will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
Management's

We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


    
    











 Incorporated (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a development
stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States
with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
 Dreesen's
 retained
for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's
Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are
reflected in these financial statements as discontinued operations.


 2008
 we implemented a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of our Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


 2013
 we
declared and paid stock a dividend on our outstanding Common Stock to stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the
&ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for
each share of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;).


in this Report has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend and all fractional shares
if any
 as a result thereof have been rounded upward to the next whole share.


 2014
 our authorized capital
stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock of which 13
757
550 shares of Common
Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of Common Stock currently outstanding are validly
issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New
York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo;
collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001
per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available
for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred
forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of
Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one
hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty
one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal
amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811
of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount
of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


    
    



was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


 2007
 we effected an amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all
the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock.
As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all
500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred
stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred Elimination
Date.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration
pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The stock certificate representing
these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
from registration under the Act.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for
an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired
Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of our
total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.


 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The
Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined
in the Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the Note).




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


    
    



with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more
than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial
business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would
hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant
expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 unless
and until additional financing is obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business combination.
Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain
entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple
segments of a single industry
 we do not expect to have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business
will not prove to be commercially viable.

Our
officers are only required to devote a very small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed
basis. Our officers may be entitled to receive compensation from a target company they identify or provide services in connection
We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary
 none of which will be hired on a retainer basis. We do not anticipate hiring
any full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities. 


to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect.


we will consider several factors
 including the following:


experience and skill of management and availability of








equity interest retained by our stockholders in the merged




















proprietary features and degree of intellectual property








the regulatory environment in which the target business




to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based
 to the extent relevant
on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target
business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meeting with incumbent
management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.


    
    



evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate the business combination
(including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable
corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a very small portion of
his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he devoted
his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and
affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon
 among other things
 whether
we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination.


target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities broker-dealers
 investment bankers
venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
 the executive officers and our
affiliates.


 federal and state tax
laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations. We will evaluate the possible tax
consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business combination so as to achieve the
most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders. There can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax treatment of a particular consummated
business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax authorities ultimately prevail in recharacterizing
the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences to our company
 the target business
 and our
respective stockholders.


purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage primarily in such activities. Specifically
we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &quot;investment company&quot; under the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application of the costly and restrictive registration
and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


Act excepts from the definition of an &quot;investment company&quot; an entity which does not engage primarily in the business
of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
 owning
 holding or trading
&quot;investment securities&quot; (defined as &quot;all securities other than government securities or securities of majority-owned
subsidiaries&quot;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding government securities
 cash or cash
items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the availability of this exception from
the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business through the purchase and sale of
investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an investment company
 the provisions
of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified as an inadvertent investment company.
We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage of any exemptions or exceptions from
application of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during any three-year period to claim an exemption
as a &quot;transient&quot; investment company. The necessity of asserting any such resistance
 or making any claim of exemption
could be time consuming and costly
 or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.


may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of its state of organization.
This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.


    
    






IN ADDITION TO THE
OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS
 OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT
ARE SIMILAR TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
 SUCH AS COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO
IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.


 we have no operating
business or plans to develop one. We are currently seeking to enter into a merger or business combination with another company.
To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements and searching for a merger target.


ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN


 we have incurred negative
cash flow from operating activities and an accumulated deficit of $2
134
406 through March 31
 2014. For the years ended March
31
 2014 and 2013
 we had net losses of $60
820 and $31
049
 respectively. We have spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
expect to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing our business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We
Have Limited Resources and No Revenues From Operations
 and WILL Need Additional Financing in Order to Execute ANY Business Plan
AND HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.


 no revenues
from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months.
In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
 at the earliest
 the consummation
of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting our abilities to achieve revenues
in order to avoid status as an &quot;Investment Company&quot; under the Investment Company Act
 we can only invest our funds prior
to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that determinations
ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.


through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&nbsp; On January 11
 2013
Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.&nbsp; As a result
 we do not expect any further funding from R&amp;R.&nbsp; Subsequent
to our fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock then owned by
R&amp;R from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter
7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
13-10088 and 13-10089). On May 14
 2013 we borrowed $100
000 from Ironbound and issued the Note to it. We do not believe that
such funds will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional funds.
We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms.
Failure to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.


    
    


We
Will Be Able to Effect At Most One Merger
 and Thus May Not Have a Diversified Business.


likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification will subject us to numerous economic
competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent upon the development or market acceptance
of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

We
Depend SUBSTANTIALLY upon OUR PRESIDENT
 Whose Experience Is Limited
 to Make All Management Decisions. 


dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Arnold Kling. Notwithstanding the importance of Mr. Kling
 we have not entered into
any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Kling concerning compensation or obtained any &quot;key man&quot; life
insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Kling will have a material adverse effect on our business objectives
and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Kling and do not anticipate that we will hire additional personnel.


OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.


management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. Our officers may be entitled to receive
compensation from a target company they identify or provide services to in connection with a business combination. A conflict of
interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further
our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. In addition
Mr. Kling
 our president and sole director
 and Mr. Warshaw
 our chief financial officer
 are currently involved with other shell
companies and conflicts in the pursuit of business combinations with such other shell companies with which they and affiliates
of our majority stockholder are
 and may in the future be affiliated with
 may arise. If we and the other shell companies that
our officers and directors are affiliated with desire to take advantage of the same opportunity
 then those officers and director
that are affiliated with both companies would abstain from voting upon the opportunity. We cannot assure you that conflicts of
interest among us
 our management and our stockholders will not develop.


COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.


a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination. We
are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
 including small public companies
and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us.
Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.


ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.


speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition and management
of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having established
operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event
we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture
partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.


    
    



OR OTHER TRANSACTION.


in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity. No assurances can be given that we will successfully
identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination. Management has not identified
any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate
a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares
will not be invested in a company with active business operations.


OF A MERGER.


combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial responsibilities. Upon such event
 Mr.
Kling and Mr. Warshaw intend to resign from their positions with us.


AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.


the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 86
242
450 authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are authorized and issued in connection with
a merger or business combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective ownership interests.
Furthermore
 the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely affect prevailing market prices
 if any
for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.




 2014
 Ironbound
beneficially owned  approximately 69% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 Ironbound is able to
exercise control over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the approval of
mergers
 consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.


WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY MARKET.


(&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &quot;penny stock&quot; to be an equity security that has a
market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions
including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities exchange. Our Common Stock is not now quoted
on a national exchange and has not traded since October 16
 2008 and therefore may be deemed to be a penny stock. As such
 they
are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell these securities. For example
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser's
written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to the transaction
of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter
 and current quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker-dealer
is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally
among other requirements
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The &quot;penny stock&quot; rules
 may restrict the ability of our stockholders
to sell our Common Stock and warrants in the secondary market.


    
    



16
 2008 BEEN THINLY TRADED
 LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE LIQUID
MARKET.


16
 2008. Since inception
 our Common Stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and currently on the OTC Markets
 both of
which provide significantly less liquidity than a national securities exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty
that we will ever be accepted for a listing on a national securities exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may
find it difficult to resell their shares at prices quoted in the market or at all.












Columbia Turnpike
 Suite 1
 Florham Park
 NJ one of the office locations of Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;)
 an affiliated
company of Kirk Warshaw
 our chief financial officer and secretary. We have occupied our principal offices on a month to month
basis since January 2014. Until January 2014
 our principal offices were located at 133 Summit Avenue
 Suite 22
 Summit
 NJ which
had been owned by the LLC. On January 1
 2009
 we began paying a quarterly fee of $500 to the LLC for the use and occupancy
 and
administrative services
 related to our principal offices. We do not own or intend to invest in any real property. We currently
have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.
















MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS



. &#9;The trading symbol of our
Common Stock on the OTCQB is &quot;NTWN&quot;. Our Common Stock last traded on October 16
 2008.

. As of April 21
 2014
 there were 69 record
holders   of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.


    
    





on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial condition
and such other factors as the Board may consider.




 we issued to a consultant a non-qualified
stock option for 366
110 shares of our Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 which expires 10 years from the date
of grant.


was issued in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
pursuant to Sections 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(5) of the Act.






 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 we are not required to provide the information
required by this item.


MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.





with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation in September 2005.
Until December 31
 2007
 we held an exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in certain territories within the United
States. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.


 we discontinued
our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose has been to effect a business combination
with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of yet
 we have no definitive agreements or understandings
with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than
one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an
initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid
the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant expenses incurred
to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 we
expect to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the
future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations
or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon
the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will
be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.


    
    



a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis. We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees so long as we are seeking
and evaluating business opportunities.


no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.


next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business.
We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision
of our officers and directors.




 2014
 we had no operating
business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating business but instead plan to consummate
a business combination transaction with an operating company.



Continuing Operating Expenses for the
Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2014 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013


with limited operations and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
We did
 however
 recognize $17
664 of Other Income during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 most of which was realized when
we negotiated a discounted payment to a vendor in full satisfaction of an obligation to that vendor.


for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 were $78
484 and $31
049
 respectively. The majority of these expenses primarily
constituted general and administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act and for the year ended
March 31
 2014 expenses associated with the aforementioned events related to the new majority shareholder and refinancing.




 2014
 we did not have any
revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided in the form of loans and capital
contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
 we do not expect to have
any revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will occur or that we can engage
in any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent upon future loans or
capital contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that our present stockholders
or management will make any loans or capital contributions to us. On May 14
 2013
 our majority stockholder
 Ironbound lent $100
000
to us and we issued the Note to it. At March 31
 2014
 we had cash of $24
086 and working capital of $16
446. We do not believe
that such funds will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional
funds. We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable
terms.&nbsp;



and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and other regulatory requirements. In the event that we engage in any merger or other combination with an operating
company
 it is likely that we will have additional material commitments.


    
    





in tabular form as of March 31
 2014.




 2014
 we have no off-balance
sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
 obligation under a derivative instrument
and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Note 2 to the financial statements describes
the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.


some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our financial position and results of operations.&nbsp; These
policies may involve a high degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical accounting policies
used in the preparation of our financial statements. Although we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate and correct
actual future results may differ from estimates. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail
 the results could be materially
different from these reported results. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations
are discussed throughout this Report where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.


in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities and equity and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. These estimates have a material impact
on our financial statements and are discussed in detail throughout this Report.


financial statements
 we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves
estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items
for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities
 which are included within the
balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and
to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely
 we must establish a valuation allowance. In the event that we determine that
we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made.


under the provisions of the accounting guidance for Share-Based Payments. Such guidance requires the recognition of the fair value
of share-based compensation in the statements of operations. The fair value of our stock option awards was estimated using a Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions and elections in adopting and implementing
this guidance
 including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The fair value of share-based awards
is amortized over the vesting period of the award and we have elected to use the straight-line method for awards granted after
the adoption of this guidance.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.



 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.






 beginning on
page F-1.


    
    



CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management
 with the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the
end of the period covered by this Report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and chief
financial officer concluded that as of the Evaluation Date

that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 and chief financial
officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 including our president
and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.




and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2014. In making this assessment
 our
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Our management has concluded that
 as of March 31
 2014
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on these criteria.






 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.






    
    



III


DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.



concerning our officers and directors as of April 21
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


. Mr. Kling has served
as our president and a director since August 2007. For the past 14 years
 Mr. Kling has been the senior managing partner for a
group of private equity investment funds that invest and manage early stage companies whose technologies have the potential to
disrupt their targeted markets. From 1993 to 1995 he was a senior executive and general counsel of a Nasdaq listed licensing and
multimedia company. From 1990 through 1993
 Mr. Kling was an associate and partner in the corporate and financial services department
of Tannenbaum
 Helpern
 Syracuse &amp; Hirschtritt LLP
 a mid-size New York law firm. Mr. Kling received a Bachelor of Science
degree from New York University in International Business in 1980 and a Juris Doctor degree from Benjamin Cardozo School of Law
in 1983. Mr. Kling currently also serves as a director and president of Protalex
 Inc. (OTCQB: PRTX) and 24Holdings
 Inc. (OTCQB:
TWFH). Mr. Kling&rsquo;s professional experience and background with other companies and with us
 as our president and director
since 2007
 have given him the expertise needed to serve as our director.

. Mr. Warshaw has
served as our chief financial officer and secretary
 since August 2007. Mr. Warshaw is a financial professional who
 since 1990
has provided clients in various industries with advice on accounting
 corporate finance
 and general business matters. Prior to
starting his own consulting firm
 from 1983 to 1990
 he held the various titles of controller
 chief financial officer
 president
and chief executive officer at three separate financial institutions in New Jersey. From 1980 through 1983
 Mr. Warshaw was a senior
accountant at the public accounting firm of Deloitte
 Haskins &amp; Sells. Mr. Warshaw is a 1980 graduate of Lehigh University
and has been a CPA in New Jersey since 1982. Mr. Warshaw is currently the chief financial officer of Protalex
 Inc. (OTCQB: PRTX)
and 24Holdings
 Inc. (OTCQB: TWFH).


to commit their full time to our business affairs and they will not devote a substantial amount of time to our business affairs.




our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees. Our Board has determined that
it does not have an &quot;audit committee financial expert
&quot; as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 


our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock (collectively
the &quot;Reporting Persons&quot;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the SEC. Copies of these
reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 the Reporting Persons
complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.




our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
 our Board will adopt a Code of Ethics.


    
    







officers and Mr. Kling is our sole director. Neither received any regular compensation for their services rendered on our behalf
during our fiscal year ended on March 31
 2014. Neither Mr. Kling nor Mr. Warshaw received any compensation during the fiscal years
ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 except that in May 2013 Mr. Warshaw was granted an Option (described in Item 13 below) for services
as our chief financial officer. No officer or director is required to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time
available to us.


the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage such firms
in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder's fee or other compensation. In no event
 however
 will we pay
a finder's fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an officer or director is affiliated.
We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.




nor do we pay director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.






SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.



information as of April 21
 2014 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities) beneficially
owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &quot;group&quot; as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers and the sole director as a group.



    
    
    


 LLC 
 PMB 402 
 Wyoming 83001
9
509
440
    

    
    
    


New York
 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

New York
 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

2640 Lake Shore Dr.
 Unit 1708 
 FL 33404
1
070
880
    

    
    
    

    
3
448
240
    



    
    



Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that
all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names.
For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person
has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 21
 2014 are deemed to be outstanding
 but those shares are not deemed to be




Does not include shares of Common Stock issuable upon




Arnold P. Kling
 our president and sole director
 controls
Moyo Partners




Includes all the shares held by Moyo Partners




Mr. Warshaw is our chief financial officer and secretary.
The shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Warshaw include 520
880 shares issuable upon the exercise of an option at




Includes 520
880 shares of Common Stock issuable upon






CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.



He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system.


 2013
 we granted a non-qualified
option (the &ldquo;Option&rdquo;) to purchase 520
880 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.002 per share
 to Kirk
Warshaw for services as our chief financial officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires
on May 21
 2023.


 2013
 we issued to Ironbound
our majority stockholder
 a two-year convertible note in the principal amount of $100
000
 accruing interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum. The principal and accrued interest on such note are convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of
a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (both as defined in such note).


 2009
 we entered into an agreement
with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to our
principal offices. The agreement provided for quarterly payments from us to the LLC of $500. The effective date of the
agreement was January 1
 2009. It was terminated as of December 31
 2013 when we moved to our current location. Kirk Warshaw
 our
chief financial officer
 is a managing member of the LLC. Pursuant to such agreement
 we paid or are obligated to pay the LLC
an aggregate of $2
000 during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and $1
500 during the fiscal year ended March 31
2014.








 2014
 we were billed $13
500
by Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A. (&ldquo;Liggett&rdquo;)
 our independent accountants effective as of October 22
 2012
 for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. For the fiscal
year ended March 31
 2013
 we paid $ 9
500 to Liggett for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements and the review of financial statements included in our reports on Form 10-Q for the second and third quarters and $4
000
to our former independent accountants
 Sherb &amp; Co.
 LLP
 for professional services rendered for the review of financial statements
included in our reports on Form 10-Q for the first quarter.


    
    

















committee. The above services were approved by the Board.








 The following
financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are filed herewith.




Balance Sheets at March 31
 2014 and 2013

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception)
to March 31
 2014

Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the period from September 26
 2005 (Date of Inception) to
March 31
 2014

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Date of Inception)
to March 31
 2014







is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.





    
    





        
        
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Two- year Convertible Note
 dated May 14
 2013
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (4)

    
    
Occupancy Agreement between Newtown and Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (3)

    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;- Kirk M. Warshaw(5)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    









Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed
on June 30
 2006
 and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2009
and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2013
 and incorporated herein
by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
and incorporated herein by reference.


    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
    

    
    
    

Date: April 25
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President
    



 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


 2014



    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President and Sole Director
    

    
    
    



 2014



    
    
    

    
Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
    

    
    
    



    
    





 INCORPORATED






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2014 and 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) through March 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) through March 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2014 and 2013 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) to March 31
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Incorporated


 New Jersey


sheets of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (A Development Stage Company) as of March 31
 2014 and 2013 and the related statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended March 31
 2014 and 2013.
We have also audited the amounts presented for the period April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2014
 included in the statements of stockholder&rsquo;
equity (deficit) and in the total amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September
26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2014. We did not audit the period September 26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2012. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as of
March 31
 2014 and 2013 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
and the amounts presented for the period April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2014 included in the statements of stockholders&rsquo; equity
(deficit) and in the total amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September 26
 2005
(inception) to March 31
 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note
2
 the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and will have to obtain additional capital to sustain operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.



    
/s/ Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A.

    
    

    
    

    
    

New York
 NY 
    

April 25
 2014
    



    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
24
086
9
810

    
2
791
    

    
26
877
9
810

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
431
36
933

    
10
431
36
933

    
100
000
    

    
110
431
36
933

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
13
758
13
758

    
2
037
095
2
032
706

    
(2
134
407
(2
073
587

    
    
    

    
(83
554
(27
123

    
    
    

    
26
877
9
810



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED





    
    
 September 26
 2005

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 general and administrative
74
053
31
049
1
704
758


 net
4
431
    
292
477

    
78
484
31
049
1
997
235

    
(78
484
(31
049
(1
997
235

    
    
    
    

    
17
664
    
17
664

    
    
    
(154
836

    
    
    
    

    
(60
820
(31
049
(2
134
407

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
757
550
13
757
550
    



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


(DEFICIT)

 2005 (Inception)
through March 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
670
000
    
74
330
    
75
000

    
    
    
70
000
    
8
680
    
8
750

    
    
    
109
720
    
159
893
    
160
003

    
    
    
    
    
    
(363
474
(363
474

    
 2006 (Unaudited)
    
    
849
720
    
242
903
(363
474
(119
721

    
    
    
51
840
    
64
748
    
64
800

    
    
    
120
000
    
149
880
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
78
750
    
78
750

    
    
    
    
    
83
100
    
83
100

    
    
    
25
000
    
49
975
    
50
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
124
608
(1
124
608

    
 2007 (Unaudited)
    
    
1
046
560
1
047
669
356
(1
488
082
(817
679

    
    
    
    
    
19
000
    
19
000

    
    
    
274
200
    
479
537
    
479
811

    
    
    
4
479
250
4
479
595
520
    
599
999

    
    
    
7
407
540
7
408
(7
407
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(376
382
(376
382

    
 2008 (Unaudited)
    
    
13
207
550
13
208
1
866
006
(1
864
464
14
750

    
    
    
550
000
    
1
450
    
2
000

    
    
    
    
    
11
750
    
11
750

    
    
    
    
    
42
500
    
42
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(75
371
(75
371

    
 2009 (Unaudited)
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
1
921
706
(1
939
835
(4
371

    
    
    
    
    
29
000
    
29
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(35
495
(35
495

    
 2010 (Unaudited)
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
1
950
706
(1
975
330
(10
866



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


(DEFICIT) - (continued)

 2005 (Inception)
through March 31
 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
36
500
    
36
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(30
613
(30
613

    
 2011 (Unaudited)
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
1
987
206
(2
005
943
(4
979

    
    
    
    
    
45
500
    
45
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(36
595
(36
595

    
 2012
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
032
706
(2
042
538
3
926

    
    
    
    
    
    
(31
049
(31
049

    
 2013
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
032
706
(2
073
587
(27
123

    
    
    
    
    
4
389
    
4
389

    
    
    
    
    
    
(60
820
(60
820


 2014
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
037
095
(2
134
407
(83
554



financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED





    
    
 September&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2005

    


    
Through

    
    
    

 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(60
820
(31
049
(2
134
407

    
    
    
(154
836

    
(60
820
(31
049
(1
979
571

    
    
    
    

    
4
389
    
405
739

    
    
    
160
003

    
17
629
    
17
629

    
(2
791
    
(2
792

    
    
    
    

    
(44
131
9
761
202
444

    
(85
724
(21
288
(1
196
548

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
100
000
    
899
997

    
    
    
(625
030

    
    
    
837
003

    
    
    
263
500

    
100
000
    
1
375
470

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(125
796

    
    
    
(29
040

    
    
    
(154
836

    
    
    
    

    
14
276
(21
288
24
086

    
    
    
    

    
9
810
31
098
    

    
24
086
9
810
24
086

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
750

    
    
    
64
800

    
    
    
479
811

    
    
    
    



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a development
stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held a license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in certain territories within the
United States. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the
Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are reflected in these financial statements as
discontinued operations. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New
York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo;
collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001
per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available
for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred
forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of
Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one
hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty
one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal
amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811
of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount
of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our then headquarters to
Chatham
 New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013


OF COMPANY (continued):




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2007
 all of our donut-related business services activities have been accounted for as
Discontinued Operations. As such
 all of the prior activity has been shown in the financials as one line item that is labeled &ldquo;Loss
from Discontinued Operations.&rdquo; Our activities since August 2007 are shown in the Income Statement under the section labeled
&ldquo;Loss from Continuing Operations.&rdquo; These amounts are for expenses incurred since August 2007 and are of the nature
we expect to incur in the future
 whereas the Loss from Discontinued Operations are from activities we are no longer engaged in.




principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are those policies considered particularly significant.





in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing
as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific
plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We
currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no
assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly
contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business
combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have
sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations. There is no
assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome these uncertainties.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




 Newtown has incurred an accumulated
deficit of $2
134
407 through March 31
 2014. For the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 Newtown had net losses of $60
820 and
$31
049
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing its
business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.





accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where
applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While
actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect
on the financial statements.





considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





issued accounting guidance &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; that provides for the calculation of &ldquo;Basic&rdquo; and &ldquo;Diluted&rdquo;
earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded
from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per
share in the future. As of March 31
 2014
 we had a total of 703
935 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock
options.





for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless
it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.





liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value
because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013







based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for equity
share options granted based on the grant-date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.


 the fair value of each option
is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free
interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based
payment awards represent management&rsquo;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could
be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture
rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation
expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.


the vesting period of the options. The compensation cost included in operating expenses was $4
352 and $0 for the years ended March
31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31
 2014 in connection with these compensation costs due
to the uncertainty regarding ultimate realization of certain net operating loss carry forwards.


model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of stock
options granted based on the following assumptions:


date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
Year
March
                                         31
 2014

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
when effective
 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




 we settled a trade payable resulting in a $17
629
gain on the settlement of such payable.



On May 9
 2007
 an employee
and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166
670 shares a piece) to a third party for services on
our behalf. The fair value of the 500
000 shares transferred of $19
000 was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling
general and administrative expense.


 we entered into and closed the Purchase
Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy
nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
of Preferred
Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares
of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent there
are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440)
shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting
72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand
three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510)
shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction
of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal
and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030
for the remaining principal balance.


 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our
Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001
per shares.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




 2008
 we implemented a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $11
750 of
compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase
price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee
of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in
Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No.
13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an
affiliate of Rodman.


 2013
 Ironbound loan $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The
Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined
in the Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the Note).


 2013
 we declared a stock
dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a
result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them
as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;). All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated
to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend was in substance a forward stock split.




 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified
stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02
per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vest on their
six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended March 31
 2014 have been valued at $8
013 for which $4
352 of compensation
expense has been recorded. The balance of the option expense is to be recorded during the year ended March 31
 2015 in the amount
of $3
661.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




consultants as of March 31
 2014 and for the two years then ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    


 2012
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
 2013
    
    
    

    
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2014
886
990
    
    


 2014
703
935
    
    



at a per share price of $0.00157737
 as of March 31
 2014 there is no intrinsic value on the stock options outstanding.


990 options issued during the year were issued at an
exercise price that was above the market price at the time the options were granted.


options at March 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    
183
055
    
    

    
886
990
    
    
703
935
    
    



    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
623
000
603
000

    
    
    

    
(623
000
(603
000

    
    
    

    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2014
 Newtown had approximately
$1
752
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&ldquo;NOL&rsquo;s&rdquo;) available which expires in various years beginning
in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in
2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $20
000 during the period ended March 31
 2014. The
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&rsquo;s may be reduced in the future
if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown's federal and state income tax returns for the years 2010 through
2014 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2014 and 2013




 2009
 we entered into an agreement
with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to our
principal offices. The agreement provided for quarterly payments to the LLC of $500. Such agreement was terminated as of
December 31
 2013. 




and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial statements.


    














     








 Arnold P. Kling
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;April 25
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    















     







 Kirk M. Warshaw
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;April 25
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    















     









2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Arnold P. Kling
 President of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.



Dated: April 25
 2014
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.


    















     









2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.



Dated: April 25
 2014
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.


    























      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Newtown&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a development stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held a license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in certain territories within the United States. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are reflected in these financial statements as discontinued operations. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31

 2007&lt;/font&gt; (the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Moyo&amp;#8221;) and R&amp;amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;R&amp;amp;R&amp;#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &amp;#8220;Purchasers&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
479
250&lt;/font&gt;) shares of our common stock

 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
820&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600

 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
509

928
000&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 72&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
377

481

000&lt;/font&gt; (the &amp;#8220;December Notes&amp;#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;479
811&lt;/font&gt; of principal and accrued interest into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 274
200&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;625

 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our then headquarters to Chatham

 2007

 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus

 2007
 all of our donut-related business services activities have been accounted for as Discontinued Operations. As such
 all of the prior activity has been shown in the financials as one line item that is labeled &amp;#8220;Loss from Discontinued Operations.&amp;#8221; Our activities since August 2007 are shown in the Income Statement under the section labeled &amp;#8220;Loss from Continuing Operations.&amp;#8221; These amounts are for expenses incurred since August 2007 and are of the nature we expect to incur in the future


 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
134
407 through March 31
 2014. For the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 Newtown had net losses of $60
820 and $31
049
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend

 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any

 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2014
 we had a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 703


 none of which are held for trading purposes

 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future

352&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31

&amp;#160;31

 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective


 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares in aggregate (approximately &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 166
670&lt;/font&gt; shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 500
000 shares transferred of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;19
000&lt;/font&gt; was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling

 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
479
250&lt;/font&gt;) shares of our Common Stock and&amp;#160;five hundred (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt; )&lt;/i&gt; shares&amp;#160;of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
820&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross&amp;#160;proceeds to us of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600

 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
509

928
000&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 72&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
377

481
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 18&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;479
811&lt;/font&gt; of principal and accrued interest into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 274
200&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;625

 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#8220;Charter Amendment&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007

 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result

407
540&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock
 and all &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 500&lt;/font&gt; shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock

 2008
 we implemented a &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1 for 50&lt;/font&gt; reverse stock split (the &amp;#8220;Reverse Split&amp;#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split

 we sold &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 550
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11

 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Ironbound&amp;#8221;) acquired &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
509
440&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquired Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;

 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Rodman&amp;#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;amp;R

 2013
 Ironbound loan $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100


 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &amp;#8220;2013 Stock Dividend&amp;#8221;). All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 886

 2014 have been valued at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
013&lt;/font&gt; for which $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
352&lt;/font&gt; of compensation expense has been recorded. The balance of the option expense is to be recorded during the year ended March 31
 2015 in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3









 as of March 31
















 2014
 Newtown had approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
752
000&lt;/font&gt; of net operating loss carry forwards (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition
 there is a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; capital loss carryover

000&lt;/font&gt; during the period ended March 31


 2009&lt;/font&gt;
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;LLC&amp;#8221;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services


  

 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any

  

 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2014
 we had a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 703




 none of which are held for trading purposes


 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future

352&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31

&amp;#160;31


 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we settled a trade payable resulting in a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&amp;#160;31


 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2
134
407 through March 31
 2014. For the years ended March 31
 2014 and 2013
 Newtown had net losses of $60
820 and $31
049
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

















  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    






    


    
    




    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    

 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized



    

 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding





    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    
















    



























 Shares








 Shares





    


    


    




    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Value

    



 Shares

    
    


    
    



 Shares

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    



 Value

    
    



 Shares

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    








    
    
    


























    
    


    
    






    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    















 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award


 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award




 Value
 Restricted Stock Award


 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    
    
    








    
    
    


    


    




    


    
    
    




    




    


    


    




    



 Nondeductible Expense

    




    




    


    


    


    
    




    


    
    

 foreign and state and local capital loss carryforwards
 before tax effects



    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    
    


    
    

 quarterly



    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Current

    


    
    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    




    
    


    
    



 Recurring and Nonrecurring



    



 Recurring and Nonrecurring





    




    




    




    




    


    


    


    



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable




 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs




 Recurring and Nonrecurring









    

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed



    


    



 Options
 Outstanding
 Number

    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price

    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Expirations in Period

    


    
    

 in &#39;PnYnMnDTnHnMnS&#39; format
 for example
 &#39;P1Y5M13D&#39; represents the reported fact of one year
 five months




 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    


    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    


    


    




    



 Interest Rate


 Interest Rate




 Maturities



    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    






    



 Options
 Outstanding



    


    
    


    
    



 Stock Options




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    


    
    



 Deferred Tax Asset


 Deferred Tax Asset







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0M[M-FQ@$``/L2```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=

%W<IE





MV\?LZS6VB:'H.3UPIUB!IDJ2(/=DT[:ZZG\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0**```@``````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````C)+/3L
P#

9

MH``!````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````+Q8RVK#
!\%_H/
M1O=&WLVC28F32RGDVJ8?(&S%-K$E(ZF/_'U%FCH-I-N+V8M!$EX-L[NS8R_7
MGVV3O&OG:VLR`:-4)-KDMJA-F8G7[=/=70^*%.HQAJ=B8/V8KVZO5D^ZT:%
M^)*OZLXG

4-_?
:.XI
M
(#
:`!).-SD`
K(.*TS)5V&A!/B3-<Q
MX&EN'I?R^25AEOW2##<Y4)6[!30W*#DR&KI;=5YXKIMTY.R=4\7*K'BEZ
#2HX/AR;^9NFM

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#[WHD5
@
``#X)```/





NWM?R
M^!+@-81?*`CK%$\E+MH[*L*L.&0DED)^

MY
0QRH/U9+DV8?Z$$.JC*A-5F=U5;!:D8
V:2[$

M$]!W9*'1DL0\MZUV

QMQ&8@(
06:17*^C`
M'0M7V!(N__R1WYY%D+3C7Y_A'P```/__`P!02P



MMG_^L3D3^L*.&'
+&%J6V$?.N[7CL.*(&\3FI

M1/:$-HC#)3TXK*
8E7)1


M5G%BG#0_%
CKJ12)WY
$H+Z/^Q\F7L2^+Z0Q(^2.HK:5*..-IN*#E;T'F@

^N$4$X


M&95%NK1406+9

.NOC2?+O57?AC'`T3O/B(9`$V)(^T2K**
GQ
M




M
/Q]V/X/``#__P
%XR



%D-
9E.?



MU0'!S

M]&2]#]':B@=L
/7/LSEQFVT0)QVVH`FI=482+@97WWT6L@I'/AR)AF[X#ZHW



M-J^?KZV;TO75^O5A\_CT^NWS=3SU_KB[OMKM5Z^/J^?-Z_KS];_KW?7_OOSW







MO[FK5

MX\J9M_

M_#B;Z&U.QK+

A'O

ZKT4/25J-J'

M9X*V23RSH6

8Z9?HZI&:?SP05F

Y1GEF%)=/\6


MMZNGMG0-QL&9L/0;!B9#6.S86(V3,V&V&R8F0V)V3#/&MXZ1L?,T(SV3EJ

8H)BBF*&(4
Q0)BCF*!8HEBF:SB&AI%O=B
M/I!FJ3]?BZNM8U(=R[@4:E3E&84+HHV@]%!X6/(D`1HNBBB%#T4/11#%`
M48Q0C%%

C;

4:!1
MNC:2M0..]VJBOUEW#;SL$0'A8\B0!&BZ**(4/10]%$,4`Q1C%
44R44+M6






A


F(R9C)A
FTR.1W9YY


5<`D
MO&!.72X3

9
!DR&3$9



M2



2DQZ3/9
!DR&3$9
QDPF3*)&8R8Y(PF3-9



M%/'

ADQ&3
9
)DRF3&(F
R8)DSF3!9

M1@O\V;VXHN$VZ3MT)*Z%I



F(R9C)A
F4R8QDQF3A


MG\F`R9#)B
F8R83)E$G
9
8D83)GLFR9+2G@6I..UR$
UIVN&*78VYT5)N
MWA]OR2_:H$MV)Y7:3/Q4E)78]3;?Q@CU#OPNL^S)B$

M#)F
F(R93)A

9DP2)G

MU^_
9V@I$G?^CA\I

M[M/M\T%QSIW13[925)CYHJ$\AXM[EZNTF7A

BDRR1B
MTF/29S)@
F0R8C)F
F$R91(SF3%)F

O)S

!DR&3
M$9
QDPF3*9.8R8Q)PF3.9



.0J
M(R9C)A
F4R8QDQF3A




U'Z_++
MIRGZ2%RNTF;B

M)A
F4R8QDQF3A


F8R83
M)E
F
9
9DX3)G
FR9*)'I1CO2.70['^8V.78WBT0)?-T[X+3L;ZO-NFN^9
MN$S:3#PF'28^DX!)R*3+)&+28])/R?&BW?SM*@.N
60R8C)F
F$R91(SF3%)
MF



F8R83)E$G
9

MWQMO=YC


F8R83)E$G
9
8D83)G
MLFR9(R7Y03/?
BD6?]O'Q'`/V\G



MY(W6[=


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!/U.[C\@
``/
/```9````

M=KMMDS9IFGX\(XPZ66`(
ZZ[_[YWN
*&E
M8#Q?FL1R3(/F

M\JU*:AI9//^ZS7D9K5/H^Y5

MD3#H0(W=*.EF:=Z3^8/KF_9J40WH#Z
'T?G;$#M^^%RRY!O+*4P;=%(*K#E_

1@!MK*N034RE-(]X+R;._**

M7B^UO14DGN596GND
7`O1Y67G^;&&_P$SC&O.`&'AM
*1!V




OO35;[HCO'%&H0BD*GG

MT7)+/](T%4;

M)$N\M.$'R8OJXK/F$BY;U9\[N%Q3N#XX%H`WG
OC!W4M;*[KJW\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#(R+GAM;)Q878^J2!!]WV3_`^%]0+Y4C'HST#N[-[F;;#;[\8S8*AF@

M9S2O!$E)TZ@_?R4%+QER^)GZ+*H?#\7+S'+J#8)6E2?=6DNI;%J^_'G)71
M+@7?GY8;Q2UW_7!#GR5QR3@[5`;0F4+HK6??]$U@VJ[W3C`M&LE/6ST5VM%
MK*5N;M=U@OY)Z(7WWFO\QZ_ELG^1Y)3R#:L$Z[`CK%WA'[?XQ!
-F]FO]4K

B)\B!C

L=5
A@(



.*1V*DC3U4C-6]

G
.;60`&+9'AF'3Z+C5


M%89C0=($GY&/I6JZ?%'@9/E*O0\L`;HC?R1(FIG/R`?
_Y/LY3SXG[([`$
MZ([\D2!I9@+DX7G`^C4]^Z+J2=EW;XZS`$TX#V+H%^7^XA8VI0/MQ8VJ:;
M$051

MN1:-J&BQ
X!<(BW5S`#P@;&J?<`/
MZ'[3V/X'``#__P


!2\%^@_$+Q'U.(E-BP'=H.T

M*8%6Z$*V54Y__GBZNZ?$.MX6O-$MY/05+'U8?ORP.&BSM36`(\C0VIS6SG5S

26&TU:6+D(Z%1*]KGK$90Z;EHI!8@6\[,5#F=)7,UR/*EHN^
M/[\D'.S%-[&U/GPVLO@J6\!FXYC\`#9:;SWTN?!;&,RNHI_Z`7PSI(2[QKW
M71^^@*QJA]




MXS!F!::3]`TE@B]\QY-,&[8'8[/*NU/P/`#[=OQEZXJ61K20
EAL;1%/UJ

M``8`````$`/PD2[M




4^2'R:$M$P=HJ0[]^/MY\0I[2



M3JZQXU@^[[H;(G@'%EO6

M^V`76-!IS+?!;0!.ZU7!(`*3=D_2


2@E_[[STK=)VA9.[/%F$2@=S;4J4?

T\ZNM[$_K)


M(CLN[3CA5%8TITVC/)V9A3&T?C[CBE[V/S9)[M;V!Z][



^\J*3T!AL9EM/*^73#F
M14U=Y%I90-?F,U][T)7.ME3SO@G3-1G$\99JKA@:&A3V'PQ2%$O+&B*V6
2.S=X)JXRN\]6Y5]5(Z'8T9LP

M







MK;*]`(9SSSWG7ONRNGZ6-7KBV@C59)@$$4:\82H739GA7S_OK^88&4N;G-:J
MX1E^X09?KS]^6.V4?C05YQ8!0V

*V
*FP`=*$7


U2``KD@*MS.@(/2YN^]$;JL
)]-@




H:27B_R(;

`WLO/R73GM?G]IAT
#






0J8(3=IOWV.[9I@DW+V'K1AOKG

@O/00YJE;0Y)NC'][N;%7*XR)LRKUA#$O1


.\^)%6SV
Y&M:=(RS@UB`
S[U0&_N^<DASRATI\8^?/A!Y/`M(=P8KD
MPC;E\RWA!4049!9^))4*5H$!^.W45)8&11_4G_/M!2G!`7+111[`0;<V1
N
M[JB41$[QP`6K?VD(]U):Q.]%`G#?C_MS15QM2*WO-A?Y;MNQLP-%`Z_D;2Y+








MF$;_Z=#`XU
CLMMSS_1&5T$46?L]
PD_QOZU6YDFK:-C9C3'9TAD-VFX^
ND


MP&5=?3S!ES
=V1O`?!
?'R(+]67+[N[7X#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````







D?CVC


MY^&
?9S+.M\$=;!N.EA.\F%7?3CMP4U\N/ZN


'
SP`S@9_&C])/
[_]%
M1*Y






MBR0=S\7HJ]&;C_.T\


+1S;)D
MT8#A






M-9Z
%^


MVG.[M.VT=]!Y^?QEY_GS'([5VW8B]-U=
ER


VV*D@:5F=@:LZ/J*]P.L^RZ#J=FQ;%!5I*I'KTUBV3`PY_!NBE<W

M_)B
;VXU/

MHVW`O8DG\6R(OQLO\-R(8UR0L_N\?MI\H$CJD?[@I&.MQ&N7!H






F\0@G
M9&:IKS7SG*%R_:3&'P75*XR0;*G-9-3WSO'QL7E^0\G1V#DS4_1)J<[.NF[
MU-D[YA0!='W]HQ5A8X5WUTX8DP3


?W?9JZG`D[/C\\NWELNH;YSG%926:WZIZ#]:Q!^;&=.S
M^6S;5)!YTB+$BB1F=D]]V466LE1JLMG8_<FZQ:3-_8
\7I(!Z@2*576#Q[4

MC$TR=*+[X/R:BL0
61PCTBHVF+[


M

@W_7&;\*X(#^-@OQ`=/HP^Q]']I!93X$6G]
M#S);T(_


%P

MG3


97CHV5JWD[OY];+8H$;]:)3D\/(6($MT<_S=-?P,'4
M&2X-?<YMTIJ--F6$MDO_UL\O?O=9?1F#'6'M\U%<Q%9OZA?AW79BV*X_$0J
M-2ZUI!T[QCIL'\Z52DY!S=TRE1


-+WR:-O(I^+
XZLDAI4<9=!]6&E7V#4UA<*W')L@


M15LI:.5H?_*R


[.=$&R
8Z


68M1RXNPW@;`$0









*JZ7QY

MJ6D.(8P.F^\_Y`Q*Q`%O#(87'D%*TN@`\HL#A0*^%

[
8T_`0^3*:DLN[5
M5R&BPI@*QU-1R%5A&F(MCX6K&F:+Y

M8X]@RB))Y^XR*


X8@!A4L-P'(KE@6)FO0@GAQ$ZDHL(2I7QJ9CT`M.9RHSU^#8

Q_*KN^37?\;H/5QMEE[+Q_Y`+E+)J%A:UTI^
MSG84A_2NZH1C^L93[3CG5?LJ5C)7(OVW#I!P\:R)PO)A
])&^$(B+#?.0@E
MFWN'7S


\$





G:$5KG7JJ

URZ@$Y8K[N%X=8AB
ME']ZI=UULRCPG+QK=Y9EGHW.*5:D/^)K'$H0C]:$WCB684O/C8[[1'DEH.3;

M;JHJL
]4\9.&M*S:-?D)AZDB/VY=L[-5&8W1TEU6;3G;$5H.C30E7QO^-/
MY+G



M[3M3


M.WT2TFW%S;R=R(:O^$:JW$PH+JQ=V?.Y
EEP[.2=W3@@H34BLR-WV;@
Z?3J

M=W-BW8`)N0[$%/9T





MFS:A-LQ;;JDL3@+7E+C`PQP
+;
@)U:`W1M7!/W-PW<^QMQ&%:XY+!T(ZZ!?[)3\0B-+&XLF/\@Y4^@1#E

Z8!TUMLD/2Q6]5K!]AG..38G#(4D9-
7:IF
M!%,B[#
0[N^8XI2BRE?8QV7WH:0!
%


;2=6



MJCX9SY9B$O):T@3!#BWD+P1\NYZ$

C[KEX`2B+.

M]+N(5R`J:A



1J8WV=


M4Z=*7;R



)_9]TQ9H+06


.6[YL8H((1'NVR.6\3/M+8I%)B\BP?O@AZ0$/P?T3H`


[C





#(


M*!#H?#YKN2%HUH^J'4NS525`_1IZ)+`Y2NE#DM[]$D0DK?JUAVFG]ISF7.


M.VJ]ZJ]YO+?';P[LZAC#57682KPI.@FKH;##?$)05_YE`6
SUR7D]]8$ZR\3

G_'J!OM1#/]$Q?]EK/W9%.Q]@S)$[
M?/F+%B5A+=


B;2'MS$U\31Z

&A-Z6K20IWD8GES0\23MSJ@1+0[](]





M73]CN8IO8@(HF%9`P*4*)





M1M*2UGBH&2*:Z]08P14:ZBLMBBS&'UW?.VO/X(8THS_3J:7:%J
-\%TJU9G/

M1F7YO/CQ
G%/!5&-RO3C^M+?(FQXAO6/PTD;7QR[%JM5

ME
($^\DYPUUJ:^F?B1JH&,(7.W`\T+[Z928?6SG36-6F)8/=$*@!C!XT











M

/+7.HM`?R#$3R

A:O3#E]$6_-5PT.?TAGBT5CMAOR_
BLE)C'`NIS/N=

_IK9$
M?&RO
X:'=\SCX\!T@-K.R!@C\VJ=?Q#CH.'8]=^]Z?.3`;VS0=3[@?^M_5C`
MXIL^[T-@



VOOWZ/-5YO'.?
MD?:<8[S-;_[*




]UJ6_E]\.1&

MN/CB6O.F==B94E#\1592:=12['U28M.?H`2OV*CUR&[Y]H-,OW$QB^;^@[
M3PW+Z;7QXD

M/!0^H0_

M-?6+O/RGG:;YX5[G4O9JY?$VE2EWM:%IESL:`\@B_;*MFLGC)M959J1/2*

M-CU7%3K$

M_0LWQT=H+0'6);Z=&H4!S@WW/J%5G\DBYB\
-8Z[;O4?](2$@/^UB[\)OS]D




FQHJ:+%SJ1?6*M



A9%)?/DX
MO%ZK[#(]`1MM$NTU_)E&JEG;VTJA&55/
:UQ(Y6='^LAUMW/S2@$*I=.F4

1H
WUXU5@H/HTZ4D












/[^
M-\D_[_[P[EWW7]]]_X^?G
4_?_Y]^;N?O]
[F1HB$WQ0+_-]MU8L?)U([J06
MW%POPX`88@!-R-;52Q!^#2S\#H(!S


?(Q9\M;=_UWI+3!IY@@9'^SG?!37BRDV@XK9Y'1)/9-$(8

2OJ[9*FJQP7)0X/T97[BNB)
MGAXGNF5!#NEUNT@K==B1E(UG7=!W


`=332WDE^U_#KI\A^




`_R4(M^-]

M]TR3D?R81K0;+)Q7!Z=:TF@J(Q@`@G%_-+XT`$C7'#%5)T70!P##P6`TZ(T-
94@4.15MB`EL:_ZJ'BODH0*/(J0:#(J]**SS0#CY5[E2!0

R37;OHF3!'
M3
[=7'O.


MPO)U^C$9\I

`)*A#@?J*4`PA/%0A@

Q2#HA&81H.B
M(9AX,;@$_8)Z@ENA%2$`?`HZ15%G=#C1HP3TD`@J,J0)!H,52F28E5(PM7

MJ


M'!H?I\9;'CA@9WGE)/)VF5U`BQ%\WD6C5M!74)]_DF/#Y+C&R`WJ(^/5SH



LTWD#

X$)+K@<V%86J$_R7!^L);+@MO36LF!_=BH+
M=VH7N$S8

M^V


PO7=;=BM,*B
MXK8AJ/X7K\43EQCO,;ZABCV+*9\/`%$+9VEOO/@A_W*B%Y__S)XT
&4_NI'
M]TL8

M]IW!Q7@PO;T8F+/I[:TU[AK=V?^`
GR=UQ6\#^J`UV6QUWK!C4
]\VKMP4NU

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M`;OM

C=?7:@XBA

M$4&P/I:;N.V%2B6;E8KT81C+RSPA




4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3Q
MS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA_7Y*/8=




F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M
M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT




R




^46YS3IBI=B!F?'

N'`


E1

-HRSDW!`SI5&S<P;=^.TF&7



38.]'6=V0BNODI0C&_^HQYA%7S
M1-M8H404]_J2-Q'=_12AN%]_QCWFGMMKX424=S?-UN[+2(3T=U/$8I[_'MC
M=!Q.GRT(:^[U'2L1Q;WF+3(1C8BG
7]1G6/A_D6O5TGQ(2Z'O78F
4V@6


M1]0(4(E/1$!:W0B^?AP1R8PK[-\'EZ?I`T9#XDE$C8!=;_XLR!ZIS()^%N$%
M`&(J$;3]'CU@C`BFS!U1(V#KFQ]!-DHE@K;.0V(V4]^(8#)W?]UFD+4-C_



M'/X#``#__P

=6M


!1D!K;+E&*2

Z3)FDKL5G6I/\7PY95RDN

/9OS\7J5@0_6AG_JS(&MZ=Q.XCJ:#:I


MTR.F#8SU@BUR4PC(EJIXSAGGAO%$\Q=*(E`22R41*HF5DE@KB8V2VJ)W2-


R^4VA?6&%Y/H=WH_H+3QD=


$-UP
K]'F`.`#(77[
MP`;H[LRS_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!4]5%6=!P``@RP``!D```!X






N3=6J5

M
F/)T/\SQE29R26FIS+V)::O

5GI\%NN2(

Z-T-=VR;NAJ02M=S0


M&2KO-+I]7+W'V^
$$C8D'$BXD/`@X4
B@$0(B0@2
2022$PA
8/$O(E0;$73

0
MSB\@NSKZZ07D0,*%A`<)'Q(!)$)(1)((9%`8EH1HL5[O


BF11J=)E0;$P2HN1CR

M%CUKJ8]![A6
=P7CXW01
)!B9EHCL`L.T+)-WY`RK
C'.Z/6T=GLSL8:#D9<C'@8
M\3$283$2(21&

M!K5)%*.:L?YC#H`V%C$P8B+$0\C/D8C(08B3`28R3!R!0C
XS
&Q'59F)-



T
][A@C



ME;SH+^F&I7$\8YJKE@:&S([A
&6IA-P8L=.R]8'$RH9[\-_5JG-'-BW&T&EN
M'W?=E3Z`XJM:I1_Z4DIT2)[J%IC^;:!N)^3*1='[O[PAEXK88TSI8^`C@5'
MW\8\9W,&3,M%H2`3#NQLLSI*LG6MY0M%WU^?BNY=R?OQ-5F_]FJXJMJ)20;




















M/6*Y3X3F:&&02!@D.:0(1
U$@KK=3$UGQ$P#72F;J%30T(@D)C5S1$PM1^KR





M2TD.*0)1
Y'VO.!?
5.3)D;`Y&X&43DYH'K8+`++'BFCLF(Y;#F4LL_WS9
;;==
\Y





H.1]OJ-C8`%T/9$ULE!&]1S90%;7A$AG)1JM
M)1NV#CPGA&_3L3DIC*31D0Q&LNA(#B-MZ,-U$O`'?I(K).!7`W'AL!^#\
MB8W`.KJ===)(3]P%QF;`W&#6['(2`(6Z)N*4%L%L-8FP.Q`!^S8V-@`5`
MDK$1J!#X*2\V`IF#7Y4B(^!H-)ZP2'0-6*Z`C@?]1T6CJZ;0
7`BX:81:/%






9VFE4T6=7B]X(58N@O.<BYK.6W^S`8&9GF+!%6$(!,ERH`D,OSH6A
M^;PE-JD-:$!J$#H\M0+KU&V1ZPB<]%,SYU=4AF-2*;=JHZ8&W1^3!8VK[XT
MRYLG5:VR$]016\NB+:S5

KP+;O'7$EG#?+P$!:K@&




M/?F!^9Z6PLE)IR^+A0WLZYYD*R5L.\RB3
GFE$C0A1$!/S_S]EBD'*`<<



UCV954D#;RL#DY]J;)DURXJ3@YW

M3VE97


M=W_DYPRR#762%7@MRZ\2^GDGWX+%SLWJ3VT%_JRL7;9/WD[-7^7[[UE^.#90

WM;99L
MK\_9XAO#YVCDXUN$YW=

M&*ABGR[*


MY2.



!B4

M]80:


M@#H_&D08(304J7:#4


0AF1_LH+I_5
M^`_9V^09DDK-V;I!MT-F8&HU!&9,V77C#H
M.))SKJGPO)9I5VEJ[/6C`7.N0(:N5XCQKJ?+O3#PP[[O:`P/3)'M:1#1SLH
M;!7(


M9N,8L)(3^DLMZ(RNI?XVT5R-`!\7V(
$)H%(2!X/_3LXE6LNYJQ\4/`1-
MY-Q@%&JEFK4L#/HQ14EK&CMO4'HC6CMX`FY2!9H@CQY&C4*M1/)+?S5UO/2D
MY`TR/I,\B5DKYL








D



M/!RE;GW]I0XA6`*
V!3GU_5F-TXB`6+3*A&%%0&',0T5`AP%WUH4ZHO7=,N
M-0N=%LMA-9#]]Z9T2Y^A;9Q$K3%:5HB)%3W%N&J.]HH:8LBC_K5(_76V5_X
M$()E0




61LM
^CW
M*ZQ1^8`JZ+;LI1!'I4(

A!T@PAT\[)



MRSN@50=Q;@'HCZE+U3(1N:T[;^\%=!#\V$T2`/5_9_E%&


M'!BWJ+D1521CB
MO51YE@OQ5Q'$0QNO@?YJD8@;I9K%S[(B3L4*-$/
5`+B9]EOOIS^3;HNLG5=




95(3`!A`)7#'W!!J(.]?
GA9I*F]^
M-0O?9X_S%E)O9`?8DD_)QRIEU$HZ;WVJ#F(Z`*0-I[@B
XT0I`#D#X?4703O
M1700PI)AGMN./P

@=@(7O







MTT0^W*\(X:&

MC']ZDY1KT'Q_5ZH7#
B?0*%CO8.X1IV
P5'O`OA'/0CA.;A)VJ6HNU@/R`J4


0S`&^

??ZTW$GUI#/.C04,I8[LS)AJX;HZSGC!M
VNUK6?HK^$ZW[BV=R=U7)9+OHN20



MOP#F@S.*H_%ZSBIX1)(;9(ELF.[@0D-]GE=A

MI@D)PFB']':2#\H(1F5
.H9R2R_:
L';

M`L*

-+RH29U@4X?NMH@L/AF@CN:QZ+1IJ$


MU!(?UF-\:F'O-YD]:$@0V(]:05S(`'6O=@9.*^^?MK@PF#=IZN8`0OR`/*(O

MYNBW^@\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`'(9T!#%0``:X```!D```!X;]W



MEK$[4N%*5Y`_3857OM0[75/^U#6G=H2.O*)
L7T7Y4]=;R0O?J3C:XP4D=!
M/\ZO'8[1(8[R%_-JQX,V,E$;211.?3D)6'_8.)$[/O[JH.RK.%[9034N/5U

MWI_+




Z?T/-#(5-M`8D@
22!I)`
DD




2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ



24DK*2#FI()6DBK0DK4@U:4UJ2!M22^H\
M\H.H
@8G!+%/

MU*UE/_HQ*2&EI(R4DPI22:I(2]**5)/6I(:T(;6DSB

MD:$G)VBA;O'[$8M(
2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ2$O2BE23UJ2&M&UI,XC/X@JW7!

M-:0-J25U'GEQ51]I.2&N^^)^LDB3N^8D+4@1*28EI)24D7)202I)%6E)6I%J

MC)23E))JDA+THI4D]:DAK0AM:3.(S_DI^6*QLP5:?+F+7-%+!618E)2DD9

M%9U0+T@1*28EI)24D7)202I)%6E)6I%JTIK4D#:DEM1YY
?UM%S1F+DB34[$
MYJ0%*2+%I(24DC)23BI():DB+4DK4DU:DQK2AM22.H_\()Z6*U(W9L)WSD
6


:TH;4DCJ/_+BJ'



MJ25U'OE!='-%ZN-'?S



C&


9FZ_Y;5O;!2PS)_MD1N0PJIJ;48+.9V6KC



M1L

M7E]?W=S@G*I[8&LEIB&_!T'%5)?2I^KK-S?^?Y/HI^DE=EV39]S0_;5[_=


#;91FJT#YUZU2'#/O7\SFOV:PCO)
N@LX-:;'3]3[XO[@:7)O/)`6I(@4DQ)22LI(.:D@E:2*M2M2#5I36I(

^\
K@M@OW=QWVWT+^Z?2W3-$D
F:VU+F^%N0(E)
2D@I
M*2/EI()4DBK2DK0BU:0UJ2%M2VI\\B/JUK8G1!7O5JT$_]VVI,W.4$+EHI(
M,2DAI:2,E),*4DFJ2$O2BE23UJ2&M&UI

MU^KJ@XW^)U+GI`4I(L6DA)22
E).*D@EJ2(M22M235J3&M*&U)(ZC_P@JF7S







M


$+`PY=QM(L2%[S6:Y,Z*:3XE9:R8&W*O9,=3G5T1M'V
14F$G_LK,+\XKYA.?KDM&N

MZ^2FCG.3TU#?S


MTD*3^T$&37+;Y+N?+3
-V1F=&+)MIYKDLSWF\
U8*C=DVRI8L32E;/.5)J?K

MR#TY[X;]KZ+V/X'XN'WZM)UOOWQY/KO?_:%^\?1:?6#PP/W/L=Y.IS.5KY4@

IZIQ^V&ZKR5.OOC/*PSE=]]E0D\5$=:DZ`-;9G(EGWF#ZU=

&RYD2W[CW6$6R:RI_(\\
#K
M3&1/^RO&L

M.E)EL(94&(S-2
99?A]BZ#5DG/N



M*G6F%CAL33*J

Z4WG1H2TWLF5H?R1Q
E-ID8$ZLC]J

M+7/94[5

H





M__)_`@```/__`P!02P






MLG)M06?+:)'%LP3@9NLNY-(24FYLTZK/P&4^*0ET_MECN^7AF])]!N0-N!

).;$#B624_+S*8R6/

`F9^A%F.B(E1
M@)QO%
'0BHFQ[!]QD`Z@



M_FG6?P$``/__`P!02P
*]22!-C)JN$;
MW4FGT][=,R6D04U!'2[^]_O&-OX8VB:[O5EV?R8&3/C\7@
77WY?CJ.OA5U
$!X-_1J22I`1')OJ\-P8N=^UA;<R<
ML;V8SDP0'ST631N6Q*0QRE^:MCK]1X5







M-0,2`%`Q*?$F=+Z/#7GFN_]_=YW2N;+/JQ1+]/5^*FIQ2_N[W,;24#D8!]



MHHF$V'9TD^U8LSW%MA/%MAI$TG+=O@S(;J@E#$?TI$-2VN-(R@^.A%3`D)PA


M


M(HQBC!*

A'Z
`HQC*
8HP2C5$&J

F0CY&`4/7#WFAD.*I%&$48Y1@E#($Q5\O
E
M/R$ZG16U:^1(B@Y&/D8!0S8Y8

MT




8C)AQ='3$5




6`W#/0XFS%DVXBV^#P`:A#2(;Q#9(;)#:
M(+-!;H.Q#28VF-I@9H.Y#18V6-I@98.U!HP8=OZ9&`H9NML8E^:M&;3[TJ9-
MRUEU_5HFH\JDBR0`$@()`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0,9`)DF0&9`YD`60)9`5D+5.


M-(
\JHRXFP\D`!(B8#$0!(@*9`,2`YD#&09`ID!F0.9`%D60%9*T3(X*T
M3%X106%M1K`D%$$.S@B(#R0`$@*)@,1`$B`ID`Q(#F0,9`)DF0&9`YD`60)
M9`5DK1

M6@!DE;D@E!6&;%0KA/#BZ*0H1\4+B];PMKT8DET+P+Q@01`0B!11?29=BR7
M548\TP1(6A%=R#K%9)41^4Z
5PVO
IEPMIT64ETEP'Q@01`0B!11?29=BV7




EFUW4R(T.9FZ2

CP7&D
MK*'&D3%R:N2RM1R'Z4VQ=[_F^56W_F1&9NPLVILN([D=^22
TBD*@S++PY
M&-P.AW'@EX1YDCL#K&TDHNU8/&T/RO$_QA+5J)TN4QIXS4F#-3MV5];&[T
M

J[B!'=V;0-B[4V

W(R3.3_H2_;$(R8.9

J$T
:Z%:@2L';.5


XCBZ*8'


MI(W+ULJ4%6OEB

M&\C(I
YUI_WW#R(,C*V+-/^])*SR1$`:(04:20[@9['5%6[(8$4:K0!:U
M6;%6CFB
:()HBFBFT(5!S)45#V*!:*G0!:V5LF*MM8'
'+%K&)=7FXZL3&BK
M#2.U6H\D
A*B[*BA`*U1)%VISMQ2Q65CSG!%&JD*;5L8[\F;)BK1S1&-$$




PLR`ZXI1'2Q&
3(JG3V[DL=6
MREF^1)2=/


M

MM6%EQEX4


!:+732IY?7B_*=U4)OM7\I4L'B



M@]/\79-

M-M6C1W_)XWSSM
MQIOCT_[M5'O9/=*MH5GL:H_E7P
I_W$^O-/MAOZBQ^%
?\6C^/69_FK+CMZ.
M:#9H!_MX.)SY'^(#JK\#\_G_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`UE-PZ%0(


2YX;6RLFDMOXT8
@.\%
M^A\

M3MW;X?CAK@W0/T7^6FO_#^KG\C6JBMWOQ2F':

XX0@\EN47%$UVB$!YS+3#


M2AMP)1N+T7PYF3KO




^OK@SN_O1M_A=FPE3(;+N.8$AY)8.JC6=\&



MH^3$U\R/HAB0(2,1
M(S$CB2!.VR$C`%BQ\UWUG0%`(V8`)-$P(@OR&(B-N&)
[-\[^YWO@LR:PO?

MFG


;9PR4%I?1LD$C;`TA*VP0(

2G%A%!/-F)]/^S011:1C9(I%9^#QQ&OXW%0J`Y[
Z7%@LI94S[





M2V0


R@0]28*SA`P/X_BB'I[:3$:SQ^[)LZ`<VT'W1]/`?
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`PT&\K:L)``#Y+@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-YX;6RL6EMOXDH2?E]I_P/B_0^``8E.<+8O7ND76FU
MVLLS`TY``SCSF3FWV]5WZNKAP1V7D+XNKI<M^ZOVO3#[]]/Q\&WYM(=VO/C
M
GAO+U^[


ZVN?GP[:IVNW;J3GW2LFE.6YZL+_;'UX[H^VT_8RZ





TJGJ&G;'L$`^#LX';`T(*;[_+S
M_;#K]X_#;#::SB=9`N*#+TW7BP.J'`ZV;UW?GOZKA!*M2BE)M1+XCBY
C'3




M
Z1B2


O)A3Y)__OYBE

1
J4G4RB4N&IK(I+

M*)
QHE10T'PP]=V3LI$NN)0S2%!(.K53<28<6+4$`F^DO*@BDO5
M'!($HF9&6'8*Z_C6?<FRK`E@F6FZI)MX^`;/29F)%8=J#@D49=N(M6
DZJ&






6&)AP`^!_IM
M&(EI@Q

``/__`P!02P

W))'_?:WMATY:D0WE^-S[IO\^DFVZ)%K(U17
MX2*

G2EP

;WFM/279$O2.%X2246'`T.FIWHJA*,
MWRIVD+RS@43SEEKPWS2B-R]LDDVADU0_'/HKIF0/%'O1OOL23&2++NO.Z7I



]-_9..$J
V

@?X_;=+7)R2
$S4Z8FX!YX!)!@0!T4$9
MU*8K.[!3=EEQKMP$P[E,^KK,[TR#@QI/7









M4-7


MZ$

FJ:X'\%XF\'7$8R5&3R(8G;IF_`D093

M\J2;*)NSSX
HG\/AE77P9GAB^OJ:P[T(+H_FNO$R@IN7B1]6T8&_XERI#%Y1
MU^*

B
M9!!?8&57OL#W_P(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



MX@

%N[RHA*6B=?#@6@LN*/!))!E/A:W1+@1+
?9B!YK[+#9

#2@P02/
+^K\.^LDF*PH\(!#R3^!X]VIV2
MY]GMW7J)6$'R
B5E6ERM\SDEA!;E:X5/K?$^FX!Z%/@W\01@@_?//V=?````

LL````#```$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P


^N;4MI)G-6

.T


&?


MC@


M/_UU(N2K6E2D#)GF^P_D=-'%*VAX.;36_?YQP8W@[ZB+AB18
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+55,/U````3`(```L`````````````````
M_P
``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&+@!5.R`0``PA$``!H`



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$_4[N/R`P``\P\``!D`````````````````K24`





M='

M``````````````#C

M`!0`!@`(````(0#5.30LO@(``%4'```9`````````````````


``T;```#0````````````````V






M^-B@D`

M='





M971S+W-H965T




@$`

`0``````
`
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-14-024859-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`%!OF43TYUU)+'T``.XF!P`1`!P`;G1W;BTR
#$T
#
S
2YX





%@:14
=K[QE^$`W)T%7R82)*5I.\



\CDEQ






M?EBP[B]YK8?$.R@BH+M;R/80?&'00$.ZRB8`?;'98O&'OF`%OHJ'6XA
M6($O7+`'QL4$'!HHPV%ZQ0O&%@&!;512LL(U@6\4+MA40;%4094BPK6T$


(O]-L=8M`^-T`$(6_AY5%
M^`!$N]L@?+AI6



M!X(^OQ_)54%')







J\98QXBQRFI\H8.D
M:HQ5?HQ5UH.SPH948ZP28ZQJF%-L2J(L2IB6C7&.D:,53+CY]=4F.K4F*K




_9UKF:-
\J.
_9SCFC=X*C
.&-O-E#CC
KAC/W9





MSMB?;=0XX_APQIZLIS[#J?0XH[
O2ZAQ1FEQQMYLH


MC_7PO1IGE!QG\+U]64*-
\J*
_9G`S7.J!K.V*-MU#CCZ'!&T=8S^`;_3[NO
M/





R9
M^'*K2HQ'%

7H8DT#'L/FQ0)V]FX3X
M^D9








;0&[9]?5@LG62Q]`;]?M;W2Q(``\N\%Y?B



9$6$D^^0-R5BS3SUP6W;Y)+OC%M]N]?E`%$U_=:[$



1'
]'9)1X

MC[2-;`N7#60(5MF%-]R9P
!K\Z
R+
8V7R25`;2TLSMM]MYI`PTY$MV1,M

D2^GPGE
O9CO@;(`J
RMK6-CJ9DV^1-VU'2(*FD_-O

M/54)BDM)CD4TEPM5Z?KKIJ3)5A28@2[_EVM#GU\JID079`#`.#?KFGE'K-'D


+)2/W!O8AQA+#K&;
M
98A597ST

MZOO):*'?:;=+*(%@T0_%8$4(8[@.LXAAGX_PVIC,NMK.B8]]T]0(8%3'`#
M:2X_A?L0KF!7
9N]I_N2PF;S2(QG15J7_.5[`0'TP[PDXQNA&UZ$W8B8PCG)
MQXR34Q?E97YW.T[)M+?*RWN^$2UEPT)G.!B46!3%AK94?'=PL:2C\T$R9!OT

KA!<IIITN%?SL$=!]LEKC*62P1
M+AW[#/(4.B6+H(U7.Q!!KO[ARS%=*U
&'@?4B@P1&R8:BN;#':WA`S5@/T]

M
@*&R2`Q8R0HH7!V'AK#E
I'H;JRR15E#9/!IM`=#H;5'6/%XK#A9@NA!8N-
MN?`2^:8



U




44S
MDH^-I[09C5%F*7C?W9S3.I?V.R5E/=^P&.V)NCH`NNU^6251;2,=EP]Z-!(
MS

])]--V?I1&FYSL-+DC&`'W'=IN


;63L59YN-W=
;63L5
WZ^:L









T)9[F/3C6Y[M;*?W=


MM?

M$OH%#MZB:P%:G;3(.VP/!^UN40Q&Z@%:*=UEFP(/WK(X8O(9O2G-9`L;O;G4


O`67DJ0

FCHEE5^Q`R;OLH*4%GU%#YCRPM2^O#!
M@.FWNX/$O)YE1AD[ZV7._V[#YBTSGB%#IB\2PU2.MK!@.GSP^+R%H67'*3T







60?5#CK#WIKI77]BFS^.2+AQ&SA6!%.2EY?&/:'W6#!


PE8?^]T


MVHTU!]U^JW-0)M)-JYW2;`P70GO=3BZZ@%LD0F0*E.YTB[C6N+'YM%
ZB06B


VE[G8&
M[5Y.O.=YYJ,_\'YPC/,'##;2`Q%EZ/9RW


M!VKS
)=*Y&O=B*R_;FXE*7VM7(HSO#LG6A



M
3SY]%^J]5%6GCG36JKDEY






M%3EI)FI`K
**H0U=;7#PO4S@Z2H\80Q


7`B[55)9U6:F@=

M

E.`3A`ZX$89OX!GS!N.)^7$

UN346LF!#P-^-$4#9V^;ILH






JBNHFXDJ9?_44EF^\:@Q;@Q7?M4X[
M[U$A8.R631

)@%\U!`@6[`U`0W,KESG`4,/$E9
MBHGTDQ[[M!KV%N%7BMS5R^Y1#=9A7$Q7HI?.Z#7=(4:OL=EEDHX`_S9@<G
M6@,A,L.!EP3DB#D]MH%0X6MI-$QDZNMM?J=1BLJUW4@DY&$B5K

U.!&F/Z]
]L%:GNDC
MI@2G40PW_PGJ1_/\[U/NB_0K!!K
'U$_*MD0NN`7V7D%]S+3.3^O#930!SIK
MUZWUU9H)

M






MB=6T].88[D

M`?ZU9DR\8[+4

A$6Y7=6W:A(`VQY3TYYT#&UBT'2


![D2AH




MK8H&O
/TA]Y!0`W'G[:ZBI9_&2#SJ

^5\;\K^E-UW
M?!X]7%X]-#^/GIY&7\ZX_Y0[
B\-/G+.][=7UT^!;^_/+R]A@'J7@SC@TO.+



.U;EY%Q]Z;N;!@#5T\PQ)D^IY010
M^TH2&20R4U2:_(#K&TZ6QMVP)BF&9





#[IG1-1(JN':C6$

6RMA3'P

M$

MAURK^LM1X2Y







M'1N^Y#K=TW:WQIEO`';4./.-*3PSSB0USMP[SG0V5M+3KHX-7M+%J-!:U)*;


M-5J[-_$;W






JNI])?LLF@;
M%TL#ARGXG-!^2YX5.#2[ZX]83APY]

P/320U
]PY
_=S@C69:ADT7ZHX-
MH;JU1H#V1


`+D




MFA+A+'AQ4SQ]'1=#*5%.-37]LDGKRGT$Y8(3
Z&`FH&8<OXK(J@RD<)]TR;KBDT%X9

MZ



-:-SH30XKZ%=1(''R/
99=A]]M].&WIPL7B^+_:S7;DV







MWF31*3M8-T7@PC

MI`.Q9?E:6D*)







1=_
M4F+0H=DY;-UK=CI'&O=%7')#+(_G^[CGQM_N2/??O.AX!*PB88=6&FV=SDNY
M8KLNSS=X/K(MP-F/A'O;IE




MYH-5_
2`AV





M
=%JM/O]1KN7PYB@O









MFF-G_M


W:)Q\L&YYA%_

Q]9

MA7/&T&*RBS



1:$.-^6Y__LQ0+Q[7K%B(
:-(IFT.$?^%^@RB)IR]#@-*-Q2GZ5Y^ZL:A]-^R%
M)2TY9^79.:B9B=')W_VA*1:=&5#2/_OW7.!:N^?$'T$#,V)`J,:R&46RG-5#
M[B\=XN2[SR+D+O33SFAW10@B
.LU?EK0`EW/@S?Q^O)RT\3;W:[9@POL#16
MMTT\F_E%8SH-+.71&C!Q


XPRQ?K'[*1P(#1BA1T^PY

\Y)Y]Q423LJ3BY$%=`0:-(B'1%4J@FO9\[O5)%H/*0BB$^6^
6T_^


9
M(]NQ0J?B.`\,]'ZGBG:.MNGR/S*\YT_NXZ5%6I@M<ZSC\5PI5%YY2!T@)P!


&L2=4J

^4L+?5H5'GD`[&VU`JJLB0XK]AL
MWK5N3(A2Y_



MEWZ^\D9FUL=?3;VQQH^BFKH
\_(RL%?`IIC:SJMHY[4_K^W\+=CY\:/68O.L

MP??'U)//H_-)=65

\\#



M&!\6)-Y]\




!-=5?47-`[3GH.*E7_#

M1*G_R'V]N7SZ#2\/@AP:RM=-E8=DW(
21BL)<.9B:]<<`)6I:KF0I3`



_WF(WS9?8@:M.W




=@K7SOH@[-7IN84Y3'66``Y*+TR:S!1@XF\[%T8M!M\M^YM


M.]8-F1BT$ZSS1BJ^
]:JEE[35

ZE';;O!OFAPCZ@E[B1'
_JX
M-1F

D
MMV/9\H#*

#U\YT32)97*B)G.J
M(HX55;$4/
Q&UTS%M/#
*BMXX
W96TXLE(&]
OB^$J3%\CQ2MD+:KXV[-N[:

MQI*;Z
:+:

M\WTSV*T

MYL9+3EPLU76R^'O?SPC:)E6[JQ##R*
T0+;C:=;=

9]8-L6I6WPJKQSZ0


M!)QM.MQ*`@9R+!*
`P







9VK/8WJ$TY+/5[@'1/QH-7B


M
9Z)C-M%7XBJGG)/
\4


YJ=`Y'7

)=Z'+
M!




UHJ$TG##

M;MA!84#PR#4RY_FL;B3$1Y#)HPUQ/:!P#
C$`.6(3G@&WO(DYQ*B]'Q
#!=+
MM

?G

_5#O($F%^0@SU:BO#ZHB@X@Y7\:1


9![A#`XH
T$#T;(Y@

M[EQ.!3H!%V/22UWB[V1A^8FU/S2:%WRT:-0#49[/P=M(8H
#KL0IFZ7

M$HEAB2S1Y@1).K


B3TG21HGNH:;J*89T35T&2P+

G&[
B+\

E9U];R
M?9HR/BJ#\

MC2D\
[Z3:GRW=WSG^W(



\2^/U24?&\BN`5

M&FZBZ!Q0VT*W8+`I-_'*2E&1*B
LQET?0.+=\CKY03V3_3@S%`I6IRIH)Z
M@J^7W`O--8VQ`0@AO/04^XW_870NDVVWA?W-I:E6J&)Q$LV4)4'S%4&BW=





M`H=F=X$7[G)L`M&X\Z.SGX=.BIR9%MJIF)B2[WP:$#/L8V!G!=B2R!6P(?[
M89P)U:K&XWBS-9K%9:V(YCH(356^(^`%DC2ZPDQIH^O+SBTODQ+J#C!!P&C
M1P.%UV';*`:^%A7C3]`&&4V\&?2-9EJ&37/%[.XM`/&P!L1O`1_M#HAK/%PE
M?6?&PY




MNJ/!

MOAKJOU]9X8ZTQKJ[!WJ7+&3JAOYX+._9C@SE?B;).-R\@$,UZ]CU:L0E

O6Y[B


M&]REAJU08







M4%8D;P9;WODQ!7WH%*(7:@'B!'.^;-7
RYN3$[M(%D/SF)J!F+F!A[.=WME
MT05??_V5X2JL_W30#%F'ZE:@]BGWE3UR%;UY3PW%Z0A`I8@QD\6)CJN#COK


$U[75MI.!6B_]
MPD[PSK4!5Z#+MGL^./WJYN[RZBZ2#L3%A;6TA!+A?F;]]4RT+=U[1`^7)YRL


M8=086F19=3=[X_Y`1Y!OS7YKE7^^


T;54F&DS1W0Z



?DP958XC&Y=2F6D%R)6MYJ



+1I5
H!27?JYBI'RTOI.H6L
MY;9NWG2LS9MJ_W*\O)3.O^29.JR;3]6LOA56CWT@UVW$:K10(276O)3
A92=
MUV/26\U+.7FIQ]
QK


MBW;V:
$W][8AS423G$\-0N9$LRYQB]_F&RT[)Y]:/-]O\@/X_Y\_I+Q@E8X;

IX[O^]3Q@V\7^GRN:_31
M7\A\3`S;1.D]6O!VI.**KN3`50L=%WS

P0]]P

A!^=F$IHWS8D
I'0'D93E](=QC=#(+*R-L!))6#*;4R!)C.



GQ6I!6E=P-*

M$F/
&0$T.OU^D6+A,[D\]#Q(-'_L/
:8543K*'Y^XWH4-3V=]N#%T;0P22

C?\1@%\+0(\MZV9;BC_CL.K`A_O+X9\IK0NOT+B

BU1P[6-&%(]UY:;LQ]NFG])(3H#CX_VV)0
94''[WZ8S)!`
M26


BB



MO+T2





M627CWH;X)UVKNAB7.QQ^:_

D6



M-/B1GH8^`9MTR0\URO@I\N*?&C^9^
J?5KIC4*$?J/7&E+AX
I75
1WJ-K
7A8HL?3!HM1FM)&?9Q?5%V;&=,)


6R&TKGV2
7JQL6(8M_OX;IRIU?TZC


M?FT0XJ9UMF0@J9JIPZKZ!BD\Q%&RB1(POYJ%\F]?%$V9V_/0EE\L\U@-C=@3
<KB%#576)_C6:8WI
M5

=U0SI8@FQZ4Q8\=O$0K4$G!-M8IA0/%D
U&L&;UVHF,Y*/X@^D[Y+)3!+W2M8WN9119CJ3VA(/Q
M5^.6$'H^=J/('F





#FU7BNAI'%]9*



4&7@+


MR[C=&X+B!%`9+AG1C1;?+%IRS8T7=8

G-,FEC0`.-#P0I!
MCPJ7(7B02]`I]S4H&Y<RF8`5*=AICQ/=(VQ-O,_6\%P8IV68Z;P7'KDP=.2&
MWN&)']XW!N%1B6\1::&@)`7EU1TE)#`UM0FLB^A4)\4505+1EU9-J*@W3=
M!]/7,A,#4;'7D%,.AX(YD;)9:\%F]1MGUU.'_^+44G+*%]FNLHL`N6#;0CL

M2B)$IN.%:F


MX)K1H+'^=`J$P.T+W4)+%%60R$P!4;W0ZQO
D@#*&A8VA)`40[+G:%@2LF42
M\CU`7QQUCA7

Y'-F



M_`UA@

FJO[K-B/A1@XGYE?-9DX
M+-,72?BQ\#K-8J';M&D`P9'-?`=]5HQW:7$+D9+$)1R$,1SX

MZS9$#7$
P]=ERX4Y0O\C.



M=Q!!DD5D.`PQZVF7L205QE22/C-LH
V7J1V-(7`^YDWRF1))JASN=7#'T'PX

M51D
M8DHHG:1`4[F#1'V*0^WDL@I)
K:T,N@?=S5L([8F)C65G;@3@LLLO
MDW/.U

MIN/0CTJB


M#/:7


I0S]5M\8-!46%JO?2JHK3]#[`
A6CM7D\0:IVMHN8
]6[9



(4-Q[%XF&:O2JXK2]C_4


MO[O13




_




M0/BD.6T`%7HC.VC^


)%F#


MQ_Y%CMGING/+HC2^M4CX59F4_P3E-W)^98YV_D-MWM4Q[]J-UV[\+=AY@6Z\

D[#<_W&MKKZR2X)8
MB\U




3\1OS7/;




1\9MD70&'-HM]6?TBYN[RRLT%:#\(_?U
MYO+I-[P\Z$#9D%\#PX=DW)



M:H8N$1CAQC8!)(=8V


M8XE1LYO2PJ_&Q@?Z
TUO^3*CB:XW8P255&Q*Q+BSYV-BUH\O`JW7D9.T?!7
M@HLW;N=.XS/GXDA3D

MB6B8[VM[J+`]U.Z^+JLW7UM&[6[+Y$]E*1.=W^EVC%3OA]P7P+G*S+?^3@



M8P'DH/3*K
%$#2;RLG=AT&[PW;IOSEL8TI6SUQI
E)*]&DQD!A/EM]7CST;E

Z=H7(MO\PZAV=]+R?WY/YK-:UVW[G20[B.1:&-JH*39=+E1






ME3T[V$9B?$/8=?_5HSLP;V.&HP1#-`,2CNUIKI?5ZY`(DQV\>C)PAX
SR9`!11'88;\L16
MX;Z9H+-M@A2^VD8B.O7\=(O1$!
L

M*1`%;A\JW&UIV1P!)DFW\]

M%

&T!F
M^Z0.;*O&U7.3E!STNK



_EOO

.C)^7T+LYO




M3U0/MRVT69]TJ
W!2/Z$_*#1TW_KN#-$?+.A7R\#2E9_BV.QM*+HZ7P:1^
MHN2;H)JI?N]$
LCH@QM
$0UV7+P9C3C`^RLNWHR0'2Z]E/\!0)@L%BS/D+-5










2;-N?%3$N=/)`\#
M/VIEVTI-!@R]@V9+IE!I=CVYGM$O`EJ$M@-YM9@T\'IR^N3'CR2[C._R)/C]






MNG^S+E0J#%NJ57B#GGL&M:886L@X:^I]!


MY86]`8(Y9B


'*54KA;T

=X)2W@&
M`)^FS#'!8(N:7+-7.LQQ2G@'
(
VE%5`X(M*'+-5K7A353



U:OQ893*]2C(1
XRGO4

MD*FKBR\;P-42SBKT:



_)
HF16'IK*86$HIU.K(O`%`EE$G]\&
M()'MT;3-V/`%P3GN;QC8DV-:


MV/RF`3`P*R(:/7=!F!0WKLL[0B`R-)K+Z4$TE_)8C\BJL1EB4ER9=X0SLD*/
M2@6


8LY!UW2NZ4
*X9D5\C9
M?K5WW!5A=J






M$T7^M:D77(5`TFO!

M'3@8@4R-/.`*O&)?\^;1P`?8





M



MV@)
U
E^L+GD-I`HJO<X9:SEXMBQ5$&#J2JH@;;+0I@JZ(RD-


C!Y34G:TW%F`M`R8
MCR!\S?RGSIDY6XPE[N&PUXUZRG1^H'L().D!)CL4,G8Q!Z#+NY+#):']L9
M(-#[U&@)
@1'NG!9SZY?0/Y]5HXG\P@.::2+

<\E+N)\1\^TWT$L'

2)S]8]-'



\X


MKI:])1&-P;GQTV7E^^2M_A?)







`P



MF8'-28AG3C8Z*3)`DV6C`'JVK/3J?$(Y*7\%0UD52


*&N07C6@'$:=25A72?QX


W.EB%
Z)'/&)(N(D$^H?YM\&;NVD=F;+$YP&YDY-

O


.1MZ6$!WP9J!^^YU@E:#]3&W6%






M947`9JLGT:6JA8I+54FH0S*F6FR
!APZA!T^+.@0'%[^&::_?_W-3[
G_^4J

ML.RX2
D?!1WQKB?5\BL
YN?NM0CC5P/87


GZR_=
M7?&X;#57XQ4^#Y-R!/DX)!^0$FMU/
@B)^[#O(HE'H?/X1@6QY)QC?D\(+.I
53M,C5K`F]85?B5QS\!5XKD
MJ@#E+.N=)4]WRCNN`703#4`VJ/:<)3\_?0K)Y*

@D#DDK'5D$I

@




-QP\R#1H`QSAF@8:)


MV]O*!1\([&B9JDX?@3%C:M!%Y/
^BZ5GP&B'RF13MS
@B`7'337V*K9:/'%B
M/@L@'%XTWK;Y





M$S\+/^X?N2?!4QS^48AGD9MZM3?XXJP?MH1-EN#`YFN]@=6KG82)$C;35-A]


M

9(D@2NND9^1J3\'
Q.I.AW+/
MN.)7@?/KAB-+Z-#(_;@ZO28\H$W

A




M.Y!MQ9;9.``C&9\F4QH*7-T9FJ9T3X=V=B=O'X_
9?@1O0+^NEH9_THR:+HT





1-OY%-LI^8
?.AKBPEWO;B6*4#(#^7?BD_-W4W#

)+WS%D_<PQ-07&UOCHK\*4EIC/9W@)S6=CMO`-]R8H8R#]E5XR#CMB_T

M\DPNXPP


.9R20\S%L&JPV6M$

R&

-]TWU8[Y%H#[$5S!


#$T
#
S


MM



L@(_B)(
M!H.


]OH;]Y%S5


))/2BFR0+\5PPO\_P+)87




Z8C7`R0<BX`ABMNKLWAR-H<1.99!O-


4J8XR9EOE+4&W







MU33O-I+RTEK)5#4`*5K
*S/T9^Q/JA***S-]IG`Q@&:H+?!K[
6H4CF7G(!;

FE.J&T0+(NS039?




OO^^_+7;@69`?3;#OIY^`0C
M)Z::;NUYQ81Z@PZ!8*`1*IZT8T7!LOXW-N%:#%=ZY[(%Z!0V;P+0(6CUGZX
MK`1P+;

M)/+MHYXW[OL!8!HJJ


ME=RQ&%KL


;3;4XJ.F$;ASRHCJ=K&1'O/;41)4A

5J



MF#0Y\:




MA?\UH'8:;7^XZ\!!AA^F`&5WF-6$EHUB1V(J!9`IXEV*6[L66P%=P._BG4+
M+GIWK67)'7F848,'\1QDTZ[+71JF#'M9


+5C4S87
9J=+5
M:

MG!@'Z9_[9/VP$HZ@

M5:/VVZB2J@;(CA`5&^=?8JQB?WG[CBD8_H:^A46#TN?8BX!Z'28QN5]&O[U

$)&$L*[!(E^P41`045._[I
9@M?FJ^



MD'7HH7V\8P



M$G9:@`&TK+E*=?A5UW-V.(/W
8P8J*@!3


MT*



PMCT8KT80#I14(+DV2.Q5&Q39
PC`V6:C-C


L









'NKKCK1?




7B:C;SSG1Q(4PW0SR
I(:K66:X`R-(+B
9%:.Y.7%?;M+D*0Q@



XU7K=7RC


7QJOX#N9YQ%R%


MB7*?;^$.=8*L+Q^P\)%:9I7P2PVM(DA2N

.\PU5&($MXT



:X%@MZWM2!$!FA'0FII%?#!


ME=YY$5QMZ(T
Q4F05]GJ=
CE2#PQEI/




MOH.[='5^F[%5+V.=/\KZWN8
/H\#_`]VW3]Y$3XWHT]9-4
X)1.V.ADK\[
&
MEYW3






MS7$1%R#;87N%X@X.#[%\'V'C]HA#Y6?HXXZ#C?Q/NH*
GV*518_PPG;67/
M
E`:G?L8LDAB1&O^1+R]Z;P=4E%V9#DU@6`0J1




M6

S3\K.A':''$




M515!)P2=F8`LLF@T=D\+HZW0O1X`-9F2%37^F$0!VJ?2PT?\-)124E9Q10MI


:OJ\6S*`V(5
M62H&7US-!6R)[!P'7


M\X=+/#NGO])I9PBD3=ZUOL_@'WO4R\638A``OXJ%V]3
M&X;VO6&5
3`((_\1!GO\(G:S9TI^'Y7:YL&EQ%

?$#
15#.?6%?:^E6`7EP:L
M./A

M64919`888)2!8\J8*K&2#&+%I.7LQE#32(H`-




L6/EW$]1

7#JQFU
MNN[JUPA
)Z


MWK_=B^?6'@Y3.6F_^S

MA1H]AT_(1I-$

MH];#+/0A:]$V])*R$4!$$M&!73!(=$';82X\HDF4`F=NQ%?XWA&XVAZC+@




MX#





3P]5;YNDWGIN.C%1'MY'L
Q80_I.NI=1#C[NR/:`98$1GC+T


MG

VAR[*1_@Y;B?KCSHG9J4)K5







NZ`BQ2A;G[.$TCW808A%
M:RUG`HZLEDQW!JV


M)H`AQ0OZT(0)^NH?5_#!BQ9Q'G+W2YVEC$&BNX]-()`2@!:Q/A
)Q%H
O%2F
MYFQ$1RP&AJ.?AN3I-='B15[5N.50X*:)'5Y(#JMWCWXXV^?@8TS/W.TZI*;A


M/L8MQ1@ZU6E'QE

9&1URH]%V]**V




M:)4
_-G;[GY$7U*IM$O8W--

`OYV]X1C6NSQ(N2$0R6
MQ07,IP(7\P(6.NN8KMKVES.=/FM:LJ:H*PZMJ5X3YF*R<L
@?;21HFW*^SW



+EF&E%U6KEDQ]8;MPS*=1)7


7Z-S'`:JGRKVL5=#


=.9_#ZZ@O



K=N6!61-V4D

3O-R3#6G=55`#3N_:0

M
L(@C/UH'Y!T-J)RM@
3]=%]
@!3[NR'8[/';*K@<^2&DR]I]',`4P-@CAYR82.1]L1[/
M+%/PTQ62AHXRDX;WP<-<PR%#



$FY);
M]


:S1F$3V&``W)7\TI;QPPO'ZWSKMQ.1J76Y2TGB]42?9-T@(
MWB)J?@WSQUL8T3CSQWW3FA*!&DN:VU*]I$FY54%@U\0$5G@L
EBGRVSF3$
@F7VS7V82G-HVL91ZN8A]:2%9<&97'`


20ES<*X$O6YMBVA10

1QS,3C3)&Q[;9OW90
M!/L=X`)V1[=3EO7A%0AR:LVE<1'B+0*GK!5=;O:7J]2TH
;`Z&TNQ1=(.JI
M$4%W)+0#E^B[KF
H4Z

M7N]Y?@OFYBXKT&PK3J!%/!(=G@J%89@6.S?[^RCT+Z/$ZXK8X)2S@)+#?G*@
M00L!4LH%.'0(MXT!KF3-!7K=I'#GA0%[TI2!L@




UX)D21*$=*I4
A_Y*^*@%?M;*PQH:6G@IIFI08^-


U/MM'_EB
MU#11KP(9@XD%JB[@
'6]D!A3I!5-)]@0,:)$1$&XHZ3H3VZPU0ZZ5^C=&Q
M!3;R%^O:19CY49+M4[B&7_
SU(??E;$GI6

R@-!Q

]M4X)?$?)F=1DOVX8+B2
M/4(KKF
3QD.$


K

LA-4\A-3G:0I##'OG9A(K


XTNUC^;_#+W[
`KS



_]GPWIIEFC:O_Q%)LJA%N#I#V`-.@M!F
MH&R`:%.]B1DHZ8.J`?N.6),X;&JG.1:T^=;;&`E#VK7RAC7E'K_FK`FOSGS

1X]+9;=.I@KNF78L-%9R`CVG$GSDU
`].00;=^BE/G:[\EB96P

`
%5#0*++B6+X],9#=HDB&
M'93@&7H6KV0/P:E(A_5`ZH8^?DIPCH$(OYS:_?A,'R).Z6*+0VU-KB`6VNI



M!'_%YC9\C'N]E\#+7!?

ZB78ST`I`LS


M-TD4^L_TORHJK4_*N';VX+:I:(@$J&B`0R(S0`F`S^Q?J1:9\LFZQ[E)^]$7
MY4U3
`SB`^[3GNVS





M\';O2W?P:P[#H?M;(KL7=!Y@7DS'--%HFLP)#Q74[:5#$Q+W-+O3&SG5I#1F



&W<<23XTBWR\#&H#A1?OCWN:1\F6!\/




](*_.IM=_@]0UKZ]+?O/YR^NZ#E
M4KA#XT&6*/AE`?0GZ@OJT@9UE70GAB27$*(4/D&P15P\9O1E@OPQ1$4A3D?^

SM10;Q)QH']CK6
MQT$2\])WEC:^#;)C1#IW0C8MB$/.*;4S$2
/8;^$%Z]-/VVM_'JU
[ZA$018

M%L+0






M\K_O/D!.2)Q:-;

S
GA.


M$S_&_B!Z54^'B(4'E30X;#^O=)_7WNR:@:(^P`30^IN0`!4-NTKB`J]FWY?2
M16_[M:E^T+4SH7SP\GT:YB'


7A^$=EY)-9@
<1(0Z#;EX67_%'D4M$E8!QM5'FK*D1947NL_^`5;8/
M<KWA:^*WS]@=P=S`YKM:I/$RSM%2)`M]WEK;0)O',V\HR,]8%K6R9=$J^RBF
M%554CIT+1Q&2YO3Z//*R;+4AA]@B!XNDO'%]XO6[J0ND',D:0V)3W'J*`F_

!$;H

MUO

M9HL_]F'^+#K
D%8U?Y`AYZ9UB%%5(=F5ZY4`K643_STXHBIQM9R?+:^6Z^7B

R5XO12OX@CK+

B=I.67EDBCT:
MB
UEL+1N&/HZ'U0V]F
0/QZOFLAE


M'WZ-R:1B
J\QB6
A;

[\9Y*:-FRC
MJ(6FG


ML_VJZNR.#?4:R:G`0K/.2!HD=
E&ZLD


M&O[%#]G\?/M`B/F0L55X;]UK98=V^M=KY?N&4]-1ZOV&!73[($D97=JAD!2
M49N#7%TO4M:WAT8/;+=ZL)=FUW5QW6KM3C`U'8170RL-,W8;A6M-*TFT9**
MVEW


M`JNO&A
$OQ:;#80EX8

0I-
MC(LQ@4U<<0*CZV_O8D&










D6

`VCJ;000`\?237






4HH&(-$$/5@'J483
:Q\H=16VZHNC8H[4

XM=FE
MK956KQSL=[X%





4Y;*7TQ#!$P14(S


MKE5





OU6LQKHK


D!JF#V'S31]9&)Z@

L0?0BO+R`I\ZQ7OO*&.)Y+

MXCA%E[K=MO?B%8-VYIPKC?MI;?\TD(0B!LO5M+X?^_;A]8:JI?)%^9(ZN^@0
M




CY9[D7NNU4GZX@*$JU%I/_;MQ;EZ
MVR'X.!ZQWX]#`[W-:W4AS/_[R2[C&!/1J[B5#8`;GP'\/\A1R=B)^$8I`^!
M!
5K%6`8


M2L=TF[U+`]9/67)'TQFY?_=(SIFQGC@2OVS4*:(;ZXDC%(JS@BE]/7$DU(GW
S@KP1;V4M







MP@ORA1C,V'CUW4=K4DO0\5[V[T[



;H9LEP(P.'08#9
+^K8*7!_N:+R^A7(;D
A/:*S[



MU(MG?*R^W76$)(U/PS[-Q]6'UW&:OL9UA0MC9PI/KTB.+VXJD$2KN'ZW6+




MN*_
M
'&MUMYYWX

MP_
HHT))AO
5H$4ANQF.R$(DMI(*[Y&W$H)PF-W^Q!L-G3(F-/TN0[O-%D2:
M[$OS$JR!+Y




M.+


M!%1W

A47[)4[!$FHX#&)%3^I8K=S(K_@H:5\9MBZ1*[0K`&-W:W]:!
W3ZY+4
7^=_5&RE?X
$LOHW*W7/RO
^@(Q;99M#1H\S?!



-Q-!T'
M09*3Z5H=&B_B/.()HXWJ\T:_=&LK80&MP.:J.4NWE:]C./Y
Y_)NGJ-547
MSZB^MN*

30U$NRJ`@E\6.5;)(H9P?RHEK_O38TQ*B2&-


$DLC;IW7?1]$&)T8(^S

='I`XM7N8R::526?\D[.G&J
M9^W?4XV-TU0)0^^FIW&4T2AG[T
O88XI8J:

M4/9!`5LMY2JA%+


1WLPLA^=6




/YE=@
&!
S^\CLNG

VL85!%3L8OH9&;4.1
&1[9I#D8++'1`_
M`ZVPX4PIUNJDVW)?;(ERQU7)EB(/_9P)$XV[[*;/H0[+2O5Z=Q)#T6$
EG

05XV?T$-*MG-8%



M@V8/-R0L\Z`]T.5=?!YE-'M1CMZ&-8$)42C-$GXU'4('9Q\N;Y\^4/(6^3:9




$[&;;.HF25DX=?A'/;?)\!5FB0W()EMY$


OEWM&EMY2PBKG

PYL%O.&PZ^

FH1K0-)


*:086459=8E!].'7<S$Z@C);C?0[&0''T*&&*3ZT8


M*%9;QD1KH.K#W89Q$.2+/&0)0U8[E;



0F%X6E


L==L*L&!6&J!8%9
M;1Z2!&K&JX`:
`71/WN]:%%CZB__^C(Z?PZ*@$D8SR;+


$_I@!=YAK'.V[1UW\0W)



M??)97%K(^]PQ.5^-1G#)RUC*PS`@CZ?_)T^S(F/R72RX0
%7-6_(7SE-:496
M^Y9RN+HA03POXRE$?7Y?/^U][L[!PUYM(O#?#F9TT3%7D?*HH1L6=7B#P^XH

M

MB\\4GUX1G#ZDR&EZM7YPB(M7_;ZZA:$/67%@]\2FH^LD?J2PWOGR\B-EQW*O




S[=K*U@LISL?!C7
$=JH4!30D
M&R/_76QO&=7&SP$C*)1@N][;GJ5LO0#CW'?7J?'UKS)QX!54C.[3$N$:T%

A2)P==^NHVD8#$_

M]@F!P?&
E/\%:[%PBM
\892
TY1D


M5A0'EJ:.H.M.^C;H3[8I_:VME2
4

M.R=QDLK`G/TYB5/BM)6&ROVH`]`#0J:%?/L]SLAZR)4XAZ@(F`;S`9V25+Z+

MDEL_)).9

AODDS

A$+Q


8#X6T;.871N!L)5!SOUY=W_9@^92D$3)OGX$)4&C#
M1HR)@EZV8?4GM5@9=G;G/[-#
@6Y&U^(5`(N5;XY2SE2+

MMTUW-.4(U&S7%

M6#=XS4$]D*TX5&7!6C$R3;\QM`(`H^QD%K1;;%

M@%'L[75H$4R7YG#M9VX6]

M/


MA8S!@-3)Q:52\&13T

D6P8*




M6I-[D76)?.GV!E.
!8_8V;QEIN
$.!B`O7#
44M;<F?LS&7@!RCB:
I
Q/T
O4<*DZ-,[Z:(CK!O$L'(G`_30/?@V\


BPO.@
KAZZ


TYE'
MIP/Q&NM2N,819^LWS,2<;1/C#-]V'F!9@KG4J2V?O^[DA!,[A0[V<6JZU#'

M8ZI@9N9DFQG@Y;X[C&*U=N\:KM5RTNG)M:2F*C\R&''\.02E.X^2CB0&V+IK
M)N4TO=I?#L!AR;U/YS=)34W$84*T74*U8B&;_6*/D

M/






MHZ#S7(
@#M*].=^X**3U5CJK1G9`:




M!5#R)(F'OCQ

&:)\C)DS=L9CXL)H
MBAJJ\C#08]YA'D2WN[0#X:K
5P8+.FJR5=H$NVJTRUPH:J'JS8;#64(9-AEW
M3'G?`6:/
/B^VV&BTV:7(9+=5I=F^9+J#9
\]/D6&08/6!&K_%(/9R)?77



MOC




L;H%MHR\E[[T#WGL0EX!:7%G-S(`QX(1`O8BQU5F7P(%70NW)UB
M+_2QW'!')PU#]-SF'%<PPLS'JE$R5;U\9


M%+

@:U36256(



`Q0````(`%!OF43TYUU)+'T``.XF!P`1`!@```````$```D@0``
M``!N='=N+3(P
30P
S
Q+GAM;%54!0`#1Z):4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+

M2P$'@,4`````!0;YE$#O][%44H``!)I`(`%0`8```````!````I(%/A```
M;G1W;BTR
#$T
#
S


M`&YT=VXM
C`Q-#`S
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#1Z):4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$`

M``!N='=N+3(P
30P
S

M``!02P$'@,4`````!0;YE$X_Y]:6\
``#0?```$0`8```````!````I('$
M&@$`;G1W;BTR
#$T
#
S


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 In May 2013

629




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
 -Paragraph 3
 6
 7
 9
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR
M93=F



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F
M9CDR93=F,V(Q-V4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6%E
M8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


04Y#15]32$5%
M5%


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@









O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


T0B5V]R
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U54T51
M545.5%]%5D5.5%














M
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC








M/'@Z3F%M93Y35$]#2TA/3$1%4E-?15%525197T1%1DE#251?1&4\+W@Z3F%M

M15%525197T1%1DE#251?1&4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='



M.DYA;64^24Y#3TU%7U1!6$537T1E=&%I;'-?
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS
M1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

C@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


M=&5C=%=I;F1O=W



M4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F





M86X]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C4L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S




]




]




]
'0^)S`P
#$S-3
U

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y






]

]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C
M=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%!E




]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG




]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1T97AT/B=9
M97



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q865C9#(P9%\W
M8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F




M:78]

]
M




]
T1T97AT







]

M='






T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='

3`L-#

S8L.3

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5$]404P@
M0U524D5.5!

M1&YU;7`^
3`L-#


S8L.3




]


3$P+#0S



T1T;W`^0T]-
M34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15




]




]


#`L


]
T1N=6UP

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#


]



BPP
M-S

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1/5$%
(%-43T-+2$]




]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PX


C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F.3)E-V8S8C$W



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3





#`Q







M86QI9VX]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






#`L
#`P+#`P


#`L



3
L
M-S4W+#4U


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q865C9#(P9%\W
M8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F




M:78]

]
M


M5$%414U%3E13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E

]

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q



]



M


]



]
T1N=6UP


]


@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG
M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M;G5M/B@S



C


]






]






2PP-#DI/'-P86X^







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S



M4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F




M/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^


]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A:60M:6X@0V%P

]
T1T


]







#`U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








]
T1N=6UP






]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S4P

M





]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q







T1T;W`^3F5T


]
T1N=6UP


M;3XH


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q.2PW



]
T1N=6UP/C(T
BPY
#
\

M-C

]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U



]
T1N=6UP/C`\


]



3(P+#`P
M


]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#@P


]
T1N=6UP/C8T


]


]
T1N





]
T1P







RPQ



]






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&EN(&5X


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P





2PQ



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
3(T+#8P


]


]




]
T1N=6T^*#$L-#@X+#`X
M


]

2PP-#8L-38P/'-P86X^


]
M

3DL







]






]





]


C`P



]




]
T1N=6UP/C4Y-2PU








T1T;W`^


]



@



]





3`L





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


X



S$L(#(P


]


RPR










T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S




]




]





]


]



3$L

M;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T960@8V%P:71A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C










]

W



S$L(#(P


]




2PW

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#DS.2PX
S4I/'-P



]



]

M
CDL

M1&YU;7`^







]
T1N=6T^*#


S$L(#(P

T1T;W`^0F%L86YC97
@*&EN

2P@
C`Q


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#4P



M



]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



#$Q



3
L-S4X

M



BPP



]



]


]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#



#QS








#$R




T1T


]
M

M/3-$;G5M/B@S


Q+`R,#$S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-RPQ,C,I/'-P86X^/]S

]


]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L


]



M
3
L-S4W+#4U



]




]
T1N=6T^
M*#8P+#@R

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(L
3


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^
3
L-S4W+#4U


6%E8V0R
&1?-V)E
M.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B

O4VAE970P-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
M

]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]

]
T1N=6T^


]



@9G)O;2!D:7-C;VYT

]
T1N

M;G5M/B@Q-30L.#

]
T1P

]
T1N=6T^*#8P+#@R









]
T1N=6UP/C0P-2PW





M1&YU;7`^

#




]



]





]

M86-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C(P




]
T1N=6T^*#$L

]
M

]







]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'








]
M


]


W-2PT-S`\






T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D
M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]



CDL
M


]


34T+#@S-BD\


14Y44SPO


]
T1N=6UP/C(T

]

3`\

M




]
T1N=6UP

]




]


]





]



]



]


]








]




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E
M9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F


T0G




M/3-$



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]



]

'!T(#!P



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P






M
C`[=V4F(S@R








@87
@9&ES8V]N
M=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%1H92!L:6-E;G-E(&9R;VT@1')E97-E;B!E

Q+`R,#`W+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


'!T)SY!=6=U


3LI

#M-;WEO)B
X
C(Q.RD@86YD(%(F




C4P


#$\+V9O;G0^('!E

X
C(P.T-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R8C.#(R

#M397)I
M97

C$[*2P@96%C:!S:&%R92!C;VYV
M97)T:6)L92!A=!T:&4@;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H92!H;VQD97(@:6YT;RP@87!P



M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY/;B!T:&4@169F96-T:79E($1A=&4Z(AI*2!T




#PO9F]N=#XI('-H87)E


M4TE:13H@




'!T)SX@



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



V



'!T)SXQ
#`\
M+V9O;G0^*2!S:&%R97


M:6YT;R!O;F4@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W5R(&AU;F1R960@96EG:'1Y(&]N92!T:&]U

M34E


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M
#PO9F]N=#X@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[1&5C96UB97(@3F]T97
F(S@R
C$[*2P@

@8V]N=F5R




M



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



#M;V%R98C
M.#(R
3LI(&%N9!S97)V960@=&]G971H97(@=VET:!6:6YC96YT($HN($UC





M
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



M9W5S=`R,P@



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



M

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




B!M;VYT:'



M96%R;FEN9W







14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M)B

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT('-T




@8F5E;B!S:&]W;B!I;B!T

@;&%B96QE

M.#(R
3L@3W5R(&%C=&EV:71I97


M;W=N(&EN('1H92!);F-O;64@4W1A=&5M96YT('5N9&5R('1H92!S96-T:6]N
M(&QA8F5L960@)B
X

@9G)O;2!#;VYT:6YU:6YG($]P97)A=&EO
M;G
N)B
X
C(Q.R!4:&5S92!A;6]U;G1S(&%R92!F;W(@97AP96YS97
@:6YC



M92!
;W-S(&9R;VT@1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G
@87)E(&9R;VT@



M9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P





T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SY.3U1%(#(@+2!354U-05)9($]&(%-)1TY)1DE#04Y4

24-)15

T1J


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

@87)E(&EN

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N
C5I



T0G8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M&3TY4+5-)

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(-D-&0P8S@[(%!!

M9VX]






1494.B`P:6X[

M4#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+51/
M4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R-#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

M0T]

M1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C9#1D,&,X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'




3!P

M=&%T97





X
C(P.W-H96QL)B
X
C(Q.R!C;VUP86YY(&EN87-M=6-H(&%S

















@=&\@




M:6YA=&EO;G




@8V]M8FEN871I;VX@=&\@=6YD97)T

@8V]M8FEN871I;VYS+B!4:&5R92!I




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN

M)B
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@



M=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:`S
2P@

M87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q








14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)R!B;W)D97(]



M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0
M041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0R-#X@/&1I


1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C

&
X



14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F
M($%M97)I8V$L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@;6%K97

@


M;&EA8FEL:71I97



M=!O;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#QT

M9&5R/3-$

&
X.R!3U)$15(M
M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L@/&9O;G0@


&
X.R!3U)$
M15(M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#2T=2




1494
M.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

'!T

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


M34E

'!T)R!B;W)D97(]

M


M4$%$1$E.1RU

M2%0Z(#!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C
M9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M

'!T)SX@

M4BU3U143TTZ(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$
M24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

&EN


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/

M.B`C9#1D
&



M;&4]

'!T)SY4:&4@1FEN86YC:6%L

@:7-S=65D

X

M928C.#(R

#M87-I8R8C.#(R,3L@86YD(8C.#(R
#M$:6QU=&5D)B
X
C(Q





M92X@07
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



M0T]

M(#`N
C5I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@

14%2
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@

Q-C`[(#QF;VYT('-T



M3D0M0T]

M5$@Z(#`N
C5I;CL@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@

'!T)SXH92D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C9#1D
&



14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@


63I4:6UE





M='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC

@97AP96-T960@
M=&\@87!P;'D@=&\@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@:6X@=&AE('EE87)S(&EN('=H



@;V8@82!C:&%N9V4@

@;V8@

@=&AE(&5N




@3F5W(%)O


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M13H@



M5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$

C0^(#QD:78@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG



M-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
M





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C.#L@

&


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M

L(&YO;F4@;V8@=VAI




@;W(@=&AE('-T871E



M.B`Q

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M

M

M
&EN.R!724142#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.


M;&4]
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A;&EG;CTS



M8S@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@
&EN





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]2

&



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



@


M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M


M;VX@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97



X
C$W.W
@

@:6YV;VQV92!I

M;6%N86=E;65N=!J=61G;65N=X@07

@




M:&]S92!S:&%R97

@;V8@=6YV

M;G
@87
@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F('1O=&%L(&]P=&EO;G






'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@





T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

#PO

2P@


M960@87
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H

M(')E9V%R9&EN9R!U;'1I;6%T92!R96%L:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!C97)T86EN(&YE



'!T)SXF(S$V
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'
M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G0TQ%


T0G0TQ%05(Z

M5$@Z(#$P





3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C;VQS

CX@/&1I=CY996%R)B
Q-C`[16YD960\8G(O/B!-87)C:PF(S$V
M,#LS,2PF(S$V,#LR,#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T-24^(#QD:78^1&EV:61E;F1S

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M13H@



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXR
#`N

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0T-24^(#QD:78^4FES

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-RTQ
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B0P+C`P
BT@)#`N

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



T0G0TQ%

'!T)SXF(S$V


T0P/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C9#1D,&,X.R!3U)$15(M

&EN.R!72414
M2#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(-D
M-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU43U`Z(#!I


T0G0TQ%
M05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\9F]N=!S

'!T)SX@/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T

M4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z

&



14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@





M

M97


M:6YG/3-$


M7S%A96-D
C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F.3)E-V8S8C$W90T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M86X]

#$T



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E








T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


6%E
M8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B
3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%A96-D
C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F





^+RH@1&\@


$5-


]






@

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1$524R8C.#(Q-SL@
M15%52519(A$149)0TE4*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





@

@82!P:65C92D@=&\@



'!T)SXQ.2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^

M3TY4+49!34E

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M.B`G5&EM97





F(S$V








'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M



M5&EM97

M-3`Y+#0T

M:6YG('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&)Y(%(F86UP.U(@;V8@=&AE(&9O=7(@:'5N




M25I%.B`Q







V
#PO9F]N=#XI('-H87)E


M.B`Q
'!T)SXQ
#`\+V9O;G0^*2!S:&%R97


M;G0@:6YT;R!O;F4@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W5R(&AU;F1R960@96EG:'1Y(&]N92!T

M+49!34E

'!T)SXQ+#0X
2PU
3`\





@3F5W



'!T)SXV
C4L
#



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SY/;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$Y+`R


M
3DL(#(P




'!T)SXF
M(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


M5&EM97

M


6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97









M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].


CDL(#(P
#@L('=E(&EM

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

2!F;W(@

C`[4F5V

M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!W87,@8V]N=F5R
M=&5D(&EN=&\@;VYE('-H87)E(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RX\+V9O;G0^/]D


M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@



M97

M

M5&EM97

M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;VX@97AP96YS92!W87

M('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S:&%R97



'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@


@1G5N9P@3$Q#(@F(S@R
C`[27)O;F)O=6YD)B
X
C(Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M+#0T

F(S@R


'!T)SXQ
M-2PP





'!T)SX@-CDN
M

@







RTQ

T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SXF(S$V

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M


'!T)SXQ
#`L

M+49!34E

M
C`[3F]T928C.#(R



#M&



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E


C`Q
RP@

C`Q





C`Q
R!3


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY35$]#2R!/4%1)3TY3/]F

14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



3!P



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

XP,#(\
M+V9O;G0^('1O(0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S




#$T(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!V86QU

@3F5W


@8F5E;B!R96-O

M34E

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





M4TE:13H@


@86YD(&-O;G-U;'1A

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9!F;W(@=&AE('1W;R!Y96%R





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E=E:6=H=&5D/&)R


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

M86=E/&)R+SX@4F5M86EN:6YG/&)R+SX@0V]N=')A8W1U86P\8G(O/B!497)M
M)B




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/B`\9&EV/D]U='-T86YD:6YG

Q+`R,#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@5&EM
M97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




'!T.R!615)4


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N9&EN
M9R!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97




M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C`N

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M:78^.#@V+#DY

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M8VES86)L92!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@870@82!P

M.B`G5&EM97

M/C`N


2P@

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





63I4:6UE

M34E


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

&EN(#!P


M3CI
969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M




3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E/&)R+SX@4')I8V4F(S$V
#M286YG93PO9&EV



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(&-O
M;'-P86X]


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M1#(^(#QD:78^5V5I9VAT960\8G(O/B!!=F5R86=E/&)R+SX@4F5M86EN:6YG




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=CY7


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E=E:6=H=&5D



M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B0P+C`P(8C,34P.R`N,#`R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/CDN

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C4R


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


M25I%.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^)XP,2`F(S$U,#L@+C`R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^
S8V+#$Q
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^.#@V+#DY
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXW,#,L.3,U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M34E

M/3-$


M96-D





]

T1)1#!%

M


#$T/&)R









T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@


M13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0W-24^(#QD:78^)B

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]

Q-C`[

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C



#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

CX@/&1I=CXR
#$S

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P=#L@

M=&@]


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXV,C,L,#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXV,#,L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M25I%.B`Q


'!T


M.B`Q

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

RPP

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P




M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@9G)O;2!T:&4@86UO=6YT


T0G0TQ%

@3F5W

63I4


3$%0

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]







M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M=&@]
T0Q


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B




M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M(S$U


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C
U

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-3$[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M

M97
2`D



2PW-3(L

#M.
M3TPF(S@R


'!T)SXR-2PP
M





T0G

C`L

M;F1E9!-87)C:`S
2P@

M96YU92!#;V1E(%-E8W1I;VX@

M:&4@9G5T=7)E(&EF($YE=W1O=VX@:7

M=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G

#$P('1H



T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y;W5T.F9I

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D


6%E8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W
M9C-B
3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%A96-D
C!D

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


]






]
T1R;SX-

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E


M3TY4+49!34E




M=FEC97

M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/BX@4W5C:!A9W)E96UE;G0@



S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B
M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F
M9CDR93=F,V(Q-V4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6%E
M8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B

O
M4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
T1T



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M3TY4+49!34E





M7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




]
T1P


1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'
M+4)/5%1/33H@

&EN(#!I


38P.R`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

@3F5W

M;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M9#1D
&
X.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ


M($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@


M3TY4+49!34E


M;65N='



M96-I9FEC('!L86X@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T;R!E;F=A9V4@:6X@82!M97)G97(@
M;W(@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@=VET:!A('EE=UT;RUB92UI


@;W(@=6YD
M97)S=&%N9&EN9W

M('=H:6-H('1O(&-O;6)I;F4N(%1H92!I;7!L96UE;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@




L(&)A;FL@86YD

@;W(@82!C;VUB:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&]S92!S



@8V]M8FEN871I;VYS('=I=&@@;6]R92!T:&%N(&]N92!T87)G970@


M:6YE9P@=V4@=VEL;!N;W0@:&%V92!S=69F:6-I96YT('!R;V-E961S(')E




@=VEL

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@9&\@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@86YY(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S


M+49!34E



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

XU:6XG/B`\9F]N=!S

M
BPQ

S$L(#(P


@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L($YE=W1O=VX@:&%D
M(&YE=!L;W-S97,@;V8@)#8P+#@R,!A;F0@)#



M:71I;VYS(')A:7-E('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&1O=6)T(&%B;W5T($YE=W1O=VXF
M(S@R


M:6YG/3-$




M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S

@3F5W

'!T)R!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

M=#L@4$%$1$E.1RU

M4DE'2%0Z(#!I;CL@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4
M.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]

'!T

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/

M5$]0.B`C9#1D
&


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT
M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET
M960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@;6%K97
@8V5R=&%I



@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I




M=&5R:6%L(&5F9F5C=!O;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',N/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#HQ




M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0P/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C9#1D,&,X.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
M3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN.R!724142#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4
M.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(V0T

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
M



M1RU3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@=')A;G-P87)E;G0[

&EN.R!724142#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))
M1TA4.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@

M/3-$

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P
M:6X@



M1RU

M(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-
M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



@3F5W=&]W;B!C;VYS






M9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]



]


]

M



T0G8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C

M15(M5$]0.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(-D-&0P8S@[(%!!1$1)

M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(-D-&0P8S@[(%!!


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH9D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!
M3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#



14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
M


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M=&%N9&%R9'

M=6ED86YC92`F(S@R
C`[16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E)B
X
C(Q.R!T:&%T

X

M)B
X
C(Q.R!A;F0@)B
X
C(P.T1I;'5T960F(S@R


@96%R;FEN9W

M9&EL=71I;VX@86YD(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG('1H92!L;W-S

@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A
M9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

&-L=61E9!F<F]M('1H92!C;VUP=71A=&EO;G


2P@

M4TE:13H@


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86QI9VX]

]




T0G8VQE87(Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G0D]21$52

&


M4TE:13H@

T0G0D]2

&

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH
M92D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C9#1D,&,X.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@4$%$1$E.1RU
M3U143TTZ(#!I;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@=')A;G-P87)E;G0[(%!!

&EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[($)/4D1%4BU4

T1J=7-T:69Y/CQF;VYT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

XU:6XG/B`\9F]N=!S


@



M97


M;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7


@





T0G34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M4TE:13H@



M3$5&5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
XR-6EN.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`P:6X[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU224=(5#H@(V0T9#!C.#L@

C0^(#QD

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T)R!A



1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+4)/5%1/
M33H@





T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C

&
X



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]

L(&YO;F4@;V8@




@;W(@=&AE('-T





M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(-D-&0P8S@[($)/4D1%4BU
1494.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0
M041$24Y'+4)/5%1/33H@

M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



3U(Z('1R86YS

C5I;CL@4$%$
M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@
&EN.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C9#1D,&,X.R!3U)$15(M

14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE.
M.B`P:6X@

'!T
M)SXH9RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C9#1D
&


14%2
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T




M=FEC97




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[

M34%21TE..B`P:6X@



M(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S@R


@86YD









M=7)E(')A=&4@:7

@97-T


M+49!34E



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

XU:6XG/B`\9F]N=!S



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXT+#,U,CPO9F]N=#X@86YD(0\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXP/]F;VYT/B!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

2P@

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@





M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;B`P:6X@


T0G0TQ%05(Z

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


63I4:6UE







M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



38P.S
Q+8C,38P.S(P,30\+V1I=CX@/]T



'!T.R!615)4


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0U)3X@/&1I=CY6

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(P
XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[




'!T


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
BXX
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0T-24^(#QD:78^17AP96-T960@


M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)#`N
M
#`R+2`D

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^



L




'!T)R!B
M;W)D97(]



1494.B`P:6X[(%=)

M(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]21$52+5))1TA4.B`C9#1D
&
X.R!0041$24Y'+51/4#H@
M
&EN)R!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(V0T9#!C.#L@0D]2

M.B`C9#1D
&


M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH:D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C9#1D
&



14%2.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

T0G





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F
M






M34U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SH@*%1A



]



T0G34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ
M(#!I;B`P:6X@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@
'!T(#`N-6EN)SX@/&9O;G0@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


T1C96YT97(^(#QD



T1C96YT



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


CX@/&1I=CY996%R)B
Q-C`[16YD
M960\8G(O/B!-87)C:PF(S$V,#LS,2PF(S$V,#LR,#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!6

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0T-24^(#QD:78^5F]L

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
#`N

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(N.#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-RTQ

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#0U)3X@/&1I=CY796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($9A:7(@5F%L=64\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B0P+C`P
M
BT@)#`N

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\

T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


6%E
M8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B
3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S%A96-D
C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F





^+RH@1&\@


$4R



]

]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P


63I4:6UE

#$T(&%N

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M.B`P:6X@

6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[
M5$585U!3$E'3CIC96YT97([(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M

M
'!X.F%U=&\[(%=)1%1(.B`Y-24[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!313H@8V]L;&%P


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4



M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!





M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-3@E/B`\

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R




T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@



3!P=#L@

M=&@]


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


63H@5&EM
M97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/CDN

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@





]

'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

&EN


M:6YG('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@870@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T




13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

CX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


CX@/&1I=CY.=6UB97(\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P



13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
R4@


M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%

24=..B!C96YT


24=.


[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

34P.R`N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^-3(P+#@X
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^




+4%


M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

2`F(S$U
#L@+C`R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/CDN.#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$X
RPP

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q
R4^(#QD:78^


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
R4^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXW
#
L.3

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F
V(Q







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


]


]


'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$58

T0G
M34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X

M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\
!S;VQI9#L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P,<@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\




+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P


M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


1494.B`Q
M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P




M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M




M=&%X(')A=&4@87

M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C
38P.SPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(S)2!C;VQS


M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXR

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

U*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M


M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

;W-S(&9O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^
S

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO
M='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S



M4&%R=%\Q865C9#(P9%\W8F4Y7S1E9&%?.64Y-%]F9CDR93=F



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H

]
M


3(@36]N

M;CTS1#(^

]
M

]
T1T


]

S$L(#(P
#8\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S

M





S$L(#(P
30\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@4')E





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T




]
T1T97AT/D%U9R`X+`T*0DR,#`W/'-P86X^/]S

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]


]
M



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4P





]
T1T97AT



]
M







]




]




T1T;W`^4')E


]





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M


]





]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]







]





]
M


2PU





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@
M:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

#DL



]


C`P/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

V


M96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3@N
#`E


]
T1T




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




]






C4L
#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1T97AT



]
M







]
M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]

:6YE


M








M97



]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]


]


M='


]









M=!I9#TS1$E$,$565T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@



M97


]



]





]




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V

]
T1N=6T^*#

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S

]
T1N

W

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-S8L



&5R8VES86)L92P@3G5M8F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]




]


#
L.3
U/'-P86X^



U
M

]
T1T




]


C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F.3)E-V8S8C$W90T*



]

M:60]


]



]



C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F.3)E-V8S



]
T1R




]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#



:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M





]







]




]

]
T1N





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

M86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









]





M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^


65A<G






]



]


M






]

T1)1#!%5U5!

@

]








]



L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(%M
:6YE


M




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3G5M8F5R($]F(%-H


T1T;W`^







]





C`L.#@P




M/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@4F5M86EN:6YG($QI9F4@*'EE87)S


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(%)A;F=E(#`N
#$@+2`P+C`R
M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^5&]T










T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R








6%E8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE
M.31?9F8Y
F4W9C-B
3=E#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S%A96-D

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5-5T%-/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


M;VYT:'




T0Q/C$P
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]

]
M

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96

#@L
M(#(P


M
S$L(#(P
#8\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@


]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
30\

C`Q
SQB

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


C`P


]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]

C`P


2P@

M97)I97

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`Q.2P@

@


@;V8@4W1O8VL@6TQI

]
M




]



]



]




T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1N






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@



#`S/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]



]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L.3(X+#`P




#DL




]




]





]





]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3(P+#`P
M

]
T1T


]


3DL
#`P/'-P86X^

]
T1T97AT





]



]




]




]




]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C0P



M
3@N



]





]





]






]




]



]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T




]





]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@875T

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


#`L


3`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`\



]
T1T




]





]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
M




]



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]

]
M




]


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M

\+W1D/@T*



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
T1N=6UP/CDL-3`Y+#0T


]




]



]


]



]

]







]





]




]

]




]
T1T




]




]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
M




]






]



]


#`L
M


]
M




]


]
M

M871E+!3=&%T960@4&5R8V5N=&%G93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]



]





]



]







]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG='=O+7EE


]





]




]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]







]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M+C`P



]



]







]





]





]



]




]



]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^




]





M=&EO;G
L($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!);G1R:6YS:6,@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]





]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M






]

T1)1#!%041!

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

Z


T1T;W`^


]

M

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
6%E8V0R
&1?-V)E.5\T961A7SEE.31?9F8Y
M
F4W9C-B

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]


]






@








]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M









]


]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@8F5N969I


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P97)A=&EN9R!

\+W1D




C4L




]



C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT






]

T1)1#!%

3$


]
T1T



T1T;W`^


]


@86YD(&-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97


M($5F9F5C=&EV92!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y*86X@



M=65N8WD@3V8@4&5R:6]D:6


T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@3V)L:6=A=&EO
M;B!097)I;V1I8R!087EM96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@3V)L:6=A=&EO;B!497)M:6YA=&EO
M;B!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L
M#0H)3(P
3


M87)T7S%A96-D
C!D7S=B93E?-&5D85\Y93DT7V9F.3)E-V8S8C$W90T*0V]N

M:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationEffectiveDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationTerminationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221; that provides for the calculation of &#8220;Basic&#8221; and &#8220;Diluted&#8221; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However, these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31, 2014, we had a total of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The cost is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the options. The compensation cost included in operating expenses was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result, the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements, when effective, is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_GainOnSettlementOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInDiscontinuedOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_NoncashGrantOfShareBasedCompensationAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockIssuedForAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockIssuedForDebtAndAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockShareSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionSharesOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionCommonStockSharesIssuedAndOutstandingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ConvertibleNotesPayablePrincipalAndAccruedInterestAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;), we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Moyo Partners, LLC, a New York limited liability company (&#8220;Moyo&#8221;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;R&amp;R&#8221; collectively with Moyo, the &#8220;Purchasers&#8221;), pursuant to which we sold to them, in the aggregate, approximately, four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of our common stock, par value $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) and five hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;), each share convertible at the option of the holder into, approximately, fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock, for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown, with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (the &#8220;December Notes&#8221;), the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of principal and accrued interest into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockPurchaseAgreementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodParValuePerShareNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ConvertibleNotesPayablePrincipalAndAccruedInterestAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

, we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw, LLC (the &#8220;LLC&#8221;) for the use and occupancy, and administrative services, related to our principal offices. The agreement provided for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 payments to the LLC of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

. Such agreement was terminated as of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 of net operating loss carry forwards (&#8220;NOL&#8217;s&#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition, there is a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 capital loss carryover, which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_GoingConcernPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StatementsOfCashFlowsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#8220;Earnings Per Share&#8221; that provides for the calculation of &#8220;Basic&#8221; and &#8220;Diluted&#8221; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However, these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31, 2014, we had a total of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
The cost is recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period of the options. The compensation cost included in operating expenses was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160;<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result, the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements, when effective, is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_OtherIncomeExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedAtInceptionValueIssuedForFounders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedAtInceptionSharesIssuedForFounders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueForAccruedConsultingFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesForAccruedConsultingFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_TransferOfOfficersShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedInExchangeForOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedInExchangeForOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTransferredForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTransferredForServicesInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedToRetireDebtsAndAccruedInterestValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedToRetireDebtsAndAccruedInterestShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_PreferredStockConvertedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_PreferredStockConvertedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On May 9, 2007, an employee and two officers transferred <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares in aggregate (approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 500,000 shares transferred of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On the Effective Date, we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers, pursuant to which we sold to them, in the aggregate approximately, four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of our Common Stock and&#160;five hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares&#160;of Preferred Stock, each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately, fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock, for aggregate gross&#160;proceeds to us of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown, with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes, the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of principal and accrued interest into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On October 19, 2007, we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On December 19, 2007, the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result, the <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock, and all <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On August 29, 2008, we implemented a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
In December 2008, we sold <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw, CFO, for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 6, 2013, Ironbound Partners Fund, LLC (&#8220;Ironbound&#8221;) acquired <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;Acquired Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, or $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share. The Acquired Shares represent <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
On May 14, 2013, Ironbound loan $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to Ironbound (the &#8220;Note&#8221;). The Note is for a <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and bears interest at the rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
During the year ended March 31, 2014, we issued <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vest on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended March 31, 2014 have been valued at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for which $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of compensation expense has been recorded. The balance of the option expense is to be recorded during the year ended March 31, 2015 in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
Based on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&#8217;s shares at a per share price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_IncomeTaxExpensesBenefitLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsCapitalizedAmount'

