

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-034501
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210628
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		211054584
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     




UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31
 2021

Commission
file number:

NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)



    
    
    

(State
    or Other Jurisdiction of
    Incorporation or Organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    Identification No.)


c/o
Graubard Miller
405
Lexington Avenue
New
York
 New York 10174
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(212)
818-8800
(Registrant&rsquo;s
Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered
    
Trading
    Symbol 

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $.001 par value
(Title
of class)

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes &#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act). Yes
&#9746;

As
of September 30
 2020 (the last trading day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 the aggregate market
value of the shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $509
773 (based on a closing price of $0.12 per share on
such date).

As
of June 23
 2021
 14
643
740 shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock were outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.






    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

Form
10-K Annual Report

Table
of Contents



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENT INFORMATION

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives of
management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that
involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments with respect
to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult
or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the
forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that
the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent
in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such
information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not
limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;. We undertake no obligation to revise or update
publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative
thereof
 as used herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.



    
    


PART
1



ITEM
    1.
    


THE
COMPANY&rsquo;S HISTORY


 Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a corporation
with limited operations and no revenues. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand
in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained
for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s
Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

On
August 29
 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of our Common Stock. Pursuant to the
Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.

Effective
August 15
 2013
 we declared and paid a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock to stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013
(the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share
of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;).

All
share and per share data contained in this Report has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
and all fractional shares
 if any
 as a result thereof have been rounded upward to the next whole share.

As
of March 31
 2021
 our authorized capital stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock
of which 14
643
740 shares of Common Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of Common Stock
currently outstanding are validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.

RECENT
EVENTS

On
February 8
 2021
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (&ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Newtown Merger Sub Corp.
a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 and Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc. (doing business as
Appgate)
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Appgate&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with Appgate (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;)
with Appgate being the surviving entity of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours.

Upon
consummation of the Merger (the &ldquo;Closing&rdquo;)
 each share of Appgate&rsquo;s common stock outstanding on the closing date will
be converted into 234
299.84 shares of our common stock. Additionally
 we will assume all of Appgate&rsquo;s obligations under its note
issuance agreement (&ldquo;Notes Issuance Agreement&rdquo;) and the 5% convertible senior notes (&ldquo;Convertible Senior Notes&rdquo;)
issued thereunder in an aggregate principal amount of $50 million
 with an additional aggregate principal amount of $25 million subject
to issuance at Closing (the &ldquo;Additional Notes&rdquo;) and a further aggregate principal amount of $25 million issuable
 in the
option of the holders
 within 12 months of signing of the Merger Agreement.

It
is estimated that
 at the Closing and assuming none of the Convertible Senior Notes or Additional Notes have been converted into shares
of our common stock and not taking into account an equity incentive plan
 the current stockholder&rsquo;s of Appgate will own approximately
89% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and the current stockholders of the Company will own approximately 11% of our outstanding
common stock.

The
Merger is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 2021
 subject to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.

Unless
otherwise indicated in this Annual Report
 the remainder of this report assumes we will not consummate such transaction and will thereafter
continue searching for a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business.



    
    


CHANGE
OF OWNERSHIP TRANSACTIONS

On
August 8
 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited
liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in
the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder
into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds
to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares
of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.

On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand
four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series
A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares
of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred
(100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand
five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the
&ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest
into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal
balance.

On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent
J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board;
(ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii)
our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters
to Chatham
 New Jersey.

Following
Mr. McGill&rsquo;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.

On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares
of Common Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares
into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares
of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of
undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
Elimination Date.

In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares
was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The
stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired
Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
&amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings
pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The
Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1%
of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.



    
    


On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound
(the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon
the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as
defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described
below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified
Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the
2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of President
of the Company.

On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &ldquo;December
2015 Note&rdquo;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;April 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound.
The April 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the April 2016 Note was utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound.
The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2016 to August
31
 2017.



    
    


On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the
December 2015 Note
 the April 2016 Note and the July 2016 Note
 the &ldquo;Outstanding Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August
2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.


 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding
promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August 31
 2020.

On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;November 2019 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.

Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.

On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2020 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


THE
COMPANY TODAY


our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo;
company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage
in a merger or acquisition transaction.

As
indicated above
 on February 8
 2021
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with Appgate. Our principal business objective for the next
12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth following the consummation of the Merger with Appgate
 or if such
transaction is not consummated
 an alternative operating company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies
to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business
opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.

The
implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities.
We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a
combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential.
While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional
financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business
combinations.

A
common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for
its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the
time delays and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public
offerings.

As
a result of our limited resources
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect
only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the future performance of
a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating
in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect to have the resources to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon the development or market
acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will be an even higher risk that the
target business will not prove to be commercially viable.

We
do not expect our present management to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize
closely the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
our assessment of management may be incorrect.

In
evaluating a prospective target business
 we expect to consider several factors
 including the following:



    
    
experience
    and skill of management and availability of additional personnel of the target business;




    
    
costs
    associated with effecting the business combination;




    
    
equity
    interest retained by our stockholders in the merged entity;




    
    
growth
    potential of the target business;




    
    
capital
    requirements of the target business;




    
    
capital
    available to the target business;




    
    
stage
    of development of the target business;




    
    
proprietary
    features and degree of intellectual property or other protection of the target business;




    
    





    
    
the
    financial statements of the target business; and




    
    
the
    regulatory environment in which the target business operates.


The
foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be
based
 to the extent relevant
 on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation
of a prospective target business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
meeting with incumbent management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate
the business combination (including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant
to applicable corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a very small portion
of his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he devoted
his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and affairs.
The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon
 among other things
 whether we have identified
a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination. We expect to use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys
and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.

We
anticipate that various prospective target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities broker-dealers
investment bankers
 venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
 the executive officers
and our affiliates.

As
a general rule
 federal and state tax laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations. We
will evaluate the possible tax consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business combination
so as to achieve the most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders. There can be no
assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax treatment of a particular
consummated business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax authorities ultimately prevail
in recharacterizing the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences to our company
 the target business
and our respective stockholders.

We
may acquire a company or business by purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage primarily
in such activities. Specifically
 we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo;
under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application of the costly
and restrictive registration and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Section
3(a) of the Investment Company Act excepts from the definition of an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; an entity which does not engage
primarily in the business of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
owning
 holding or trading &ldquo;investment securities&rdquo; (defined as &ldquo;all securities other than government securities or
securities of majority-owned subsidiaries&rdquo;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding government
securities
 cash or cash items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the availability of
this exception from the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business through the purchase
and sale of investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an investment company
 the provisions
of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified as an inadvertent investment company.
We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage of any exemptions or exceptions from application
of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during any three-year period to claim an exemption as a &ldquo;transient&rdquo;
investment company. The necessity of asserting any such resistance
 or making any claim of exemption
 could be time consuming and costly
or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.

Various
impediments to a business combination may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws
of its state of organization. This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.



    
    




    
RISK
    FACTORS.


IF
WE CONSUMMATE THE MERGER WITH APPGATE
 WE WILL BE SUBJECT TO ALL THE RISKS ATTENDANT TO THE BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY WHICH APPGATE OPERATES
IN. FOR INFORMATION ON SUCH RISKS
 INVESTORS ARE DIRECTED TO READ THE INFORMATION STATEMENT THAT WE WILL FILE WITH THE SEC RELATING TO
SUCH TRANSACTION.

IN
ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS
OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION IF WE DO NOT CONSUMMATE THE TRANSACTION WITH APPGATE. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY
KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT ARE SIMILAR TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
SUCH AS COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL
ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

WE
HAVE NO RECENT OPERATING HISTORY OR BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.


we have no operating business or plans to develop one. To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements
and searching for a merger target.

CERTAIN
CONDITIONS RAISE SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN

Since
inception
 we have incurred negative cash flow from operating activities and an accumulated deficit of $2
652
849 through March 31
 2021.
For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively. We have spent
 and subject to obtaining
additional financing
 expect to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing our business strategy. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

WE
HAVE LIMITED RESOURCES AND NO REVENUES FROM OPERATIONS
 AND WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING IN ORDER TO EXECUTE ANY BUSINESS PLAN AND
HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.

We
have limited resources
 no revenues from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements
during the next twelve months. In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
 at the
earliest
 the consummation of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting our abilities
to achieve revenues
 in order to avoid status as an &ldquo;Investment Company&rdquo; under the Investment Company Act
 we can only invest
our funds prior to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that determinations
ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.


upon funding through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman. On January 11
 2013
Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition. As a result
 we do not expect any further funding from R&amp;R. Subsequent to our fiscal
year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock then owned by R&amp;R from the Chapter
7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). Since May 14
2013
 we have borrowed $367
000 from Ironbound and issued the aforementioned Outstanding Notes
 July 2014 Note
 December 2015 Note
 April
2016 Note
 February 2017 Note
 August 2018 Note
 December 2018 Note
 November 2019 Note and August 2020 Note to it. As of March 31
 2021
we have $7
285 on hand. Such funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require
additional funds. We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable
terms. Failure to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.



    
    


WE
WILL BE ABLE TO EFFECT AT MOST ONE MERGER
 AND THUS MAY NOT HAVE A DIVERSIFIED BUSINESS.

Our
resources are limited and we will most likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification
will subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse impact
upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

WE
DEPEND SUBSTANTIALLY UPON OUR PRESIDENT tO MAKE ALL MANAGEMENT DECISIONS.

Our
ability to effect a merger will be dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Jonathan J. Ledecky. Notwithstanding the importance of
Mr. Ledecky
 we have not entered into any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Ledecky concerning compensation or obtained
any &ldquo;key man&rdquo; life insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Ledecky will have a material adverse effect
on our business objectives and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Ledecky and do not anticipate that we will hire additional
personnel.

THERE
MAY BE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST BETWEEN OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.

Conflicts
of interest create the risk that management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. An officer may
be entitled to receive compensation from a target company he or she identifies or provides services to in connection with a business
combination. A conflict of interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to
our stockholders. Further
 our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders.
In addition
 Mr. Ledecky
 our president and sole director
 is currently involved with other companies and conflicts in the pursuit of
business combinations with such other companies with which he and affiliates of our majority stockholder are
 and may in the future be
affiliated with
 may arise. We cannot assure you that conflicts of interest among us
 our management and our stockholders will not develop
or be resolved in our favor.

THERE
IS COMPETITION FOR THOSE PRIVATE COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.

We
are in a highly competitive market for a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful
business combination. We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint ventures
with and acquisitions of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
 including small
public companies and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates
for us. Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.

FUTURE
SUCCESS IS HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON THE ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.

The
nature of our operations is highly speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with
entities having established operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting that
criterion. In the event we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor
firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.

WE
MAY NOT FIND A SUITABLE TARGET FOR A BUSINESS COMBINATION OR OTHER TRANSACTION.

No
assurances can be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business
combination. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate another business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently
a risk that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations.



    
    


MANAGEMENT
WILL CHANGE UPON THE CONSUMMATION OF A MERGER.

After
the closing of a merger or business combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial responsibilities.
Upon such event
 Mr. Ledecky intends to resign from his positions with us.

CURRENT
STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE IMMEDIATELY AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorized the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 85
356
260 authorized
but unissued shares of Common Stock available for issuance (not including any shares issuable upon conversion of promissory notes held
by Ironbound). To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are authorized and issued in connection with a merger or business
combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective ownership interests. Furthermore
 the issuance
of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely affect prevailing market prices
 if any
 for our Common Stock and could
impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.

CONTROL
BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDER.

As
of March 31
 2021
 Ironbound beneficially owned approximately 64.9% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 Ironbound
is able to exercise control over matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the approval of mergers
consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.

WE
OR ANY BUSINESS WE SEEK TO ACQUIRE COULD BE SUBJECT TO CYBERSECURITY RISKS.

We
or any company we seek to acquire may rely on information technology systems
 including third-party hosted servers and cloud-based servers
to keep business
 financial
 and corporate records
 communicate internally and externally
 and operate other critical functions. If any
of those internal systems or the systems of its third-party providers are compromised due to cyber incidents
 then sensitive documents
could be exposed or deleted
 and our ability to conduct business could be impaired. Cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks
or unintentional events. These incidents can include
 but are not limited to
 unauthorized access to systems
 computer viruses or other
malicious code
 denial of service attacks
 malware
 ransomware
 phishing
 SQL injection attacks
 human error
 or other events that result
in security breaches or give rise to the manipulation or loss of sensitive information or assets. Cyber incidents can be caused by various
persons or groups
 including disgruntled employees and vendors
 activists
 organized crime groups
 and state-sponsored and individual
hackers. Cyber incidents can also be caused or aggravated by natural events
 such as earthquakes
 floods
 fires
 power loss
 and telecommunications
failures. In addition to operational and business consequences
 if a target business&rsquo; cybersecurity is breached
 it could be held
liable to its customers or other parties in regulatory or other actions
 and it may be exposed to reputation damages and loss of trust
and business. This could result in costly investigations and litigation
 civil or criminal penalties
 fines
 and negative publicity.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect.

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS A &ldquo;PENNY STOCK&rdquo; WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY
MARKET.

The
Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be
an equity security that has a market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
subject to certain exceptions
 including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities exchange. Our Common
Stock is not now quoted on a national securities exchange and has a market price of less than $5.00 per share and therefore may be deemed
to be a penny stock. As such
 they are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell
these securities. For example
 the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and
have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally
 the rules require the delivery
prior to the transaction
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must
disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter
 and current quotations for the securities
and
 if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer&rsquo;s presumed
control over the market. Finally
 among other requirements
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the
penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules
 may restrict
the ability of our stockholders to sell our Common Stock and warrants in the secondary market.



    
    


OUR
COMMON STOCK HAS BEEN THINLY TRADED
 LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE LIQUID
MARKET.

Our
Common Stock has been thinly traded and is currently quoted on the OTC Markets
 which provide significantly less liquidity than a national
securities exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty that we will ever be accepted for a listing on a national securities
exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may find it difficult to resell their shares at prices quoted in the market or
at all.

WE
MAY. BE IMPACTED BY THE RECENT CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC.

The
COVID-19 pandemic and other infectious diseases could continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide
 and
the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore
 we may be unable to complete a transaction if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel
 limit the ability
to have meetings with potential investors or the target company&rsquo;s personnel
 vendors and services providers are unavailable to
negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts us will depend on future developments
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
 including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact
 among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern
continue for an extensive period of time
 our ability to consummate a transaction
 or the operations of a business with which we ultimately
consummate a transaction
 may be materially adversely affected.



ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS.






ITEM
    2.
    


We
currently rely on office space provided to our executive officer by Graubard Miller
 our legal counsel
 located at 405 Lexington Avenue
New York
 NY 10174. Graubard Miller provides such space free of charge. We do not own or intend to invest in any real property. We currently
have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
 persons
primarily engaged in real estate activities.



ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS.






ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES.


Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II



ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.


(a)
Market Information

. As of June 23
 2021
 there
were 49 record holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.

(c)
Dividend Policy

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends
 if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital
requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board may consider.

Unregistered
Sale of Equity Securities





ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA.


As
a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
we are not required to provide the information required by this item.



ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.





limited operations and have no revenues from our business operations. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit
the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

As
of the Effective Date
 we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose
has been to effect a business combination with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of yet
 we
have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that
we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business
combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities
or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business
which we believe has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with
more than one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after
an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.

A
common reason for a target company to enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares.
Such a company would hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays
and significant expenses incurred to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.

As
a result of our limited resources
 we expect to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success
will likely be dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate
several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect
the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business
may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which
case there will be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.



    
    


Our
officers are only required to devote a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis.
We expect to use outside consultants
 advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees
so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.

We
expect our present management to play no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize
closely the management of a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
our assessment of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.

Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination
with an operating business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision
of our officers and directors.

EQUIPMENT
AND EMPLOYEES

As
of March 31
 2021
 we had no operating business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating business
but instead plan to consummate a business combination transaction with an operating company.

Results
of Operations

Continuing
Operating Expenses for the Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
 2021&nbsp;Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended&nbsp;March 31
&nbsp;2020

We
are a corporation with limited operations and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
respectively.


years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020 were $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively. The majority of these expenses primarily constituted general
and administrative expenses related to legal and accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act as well as work in connection with our
entering into the definitive agreement with Appgate.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

At
March 31
 2021
 we did not have any revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided in
the form of loans and capital contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
 we
do not expect to have any revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will occur or that
we can engage in any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent upon future
loans or capital contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that our present stockholders
or management will make any loans or capital contributions to us.



 2021
 we had
outstanding notes payable in the aggregate principal amount of $367
000 payable to Ironbound
 our majority stockholder. We had cash of
$7
285 and negative working capital of $554
973. Such funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve
months and we will require additional funds. We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
will be offered on acceptable terms.


are professional and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings with the SEC and other regulatory
requirements
 as well as expenses in connection with our proposed transaction with Appgate.



We
do not have any commitments which are required to be disclosed in tabular form as of March 31
 2021.



    
    


Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

As
of March 31
 2021
 we have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
obligation under a derivative instrument and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.




Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Note 2
to the financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.

We
have identified the policies below as some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our financial position and results
of operations. These policies may involve a high degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical
accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. Although we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate
and correct
 actual future results may differ from estimates. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail
 the results could
be materially different from these reported results. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations
are discussed throughout this Report where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.





with GAAP
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.




for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards
and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.
A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such assets
will be realized.




and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value because
of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.



ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.


As
a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required by
this item.



ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.


See
the index to the Financial Statements below
 beginning on page F-1.



ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.






    
    




ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES.


(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 with the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
&ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the end of the
period covered by this Report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and chief financial officer
concluded that as of the Evaluation Date
 our disclosure controls and procedures are effective&nbsp;to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including
our&nbsp;president&nbsp;and chief financial officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our
management
 including our president and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2021.
In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
 which was adopted by COSO in 1992. Our management has concluded that
 as of March 31
2021
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during&nbsp;the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report&nbsp;that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION






    
    


PART
III



ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


The
following table sets forth information concerning our officers and directors:



    
    
    
    
    

Jonathan
    J. Ledecky
    
    
    
President
    and director


Jonathan
J. Ledecky
Hockey League&rsquo;s New York Islanders franchise since October 2014. He also serves as an Alternate Governor on the Board of Governors
of the NHL and as President of NY Hockey Holdings LLC. Mr. Ledecky has served as chairman of Ironbound Partners Fund LLC
 a private investment
management fund
 since March 1999. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Northern Star Acquisition Corp. from September
2020 until it consummated an initial business combination with Barkbox
 Inc. in June 2021 (NYSE: BARK)
 at which time it was renamed
The Original Bark Company and he has continued to serve as a director since such date. He is the President
 Chief Operating Officer and
director of Northern Star Investment Corp. II (NYSE: NSTB)
 a blank check company that has entered into a definitive agreement for a
business combination with Apex Clearing Holdings LLC
 the parent company of Apex Clearing Corporation
 a custody and clearing engine
that&rsquo;s powering the future of digital wealth management. Mr. Ledecky has also the President
 Chief Operating Officer and director
of Northern Star Investment Corp. III (NYSE: NSTC) and Northern Star Investment Corp. IV (NSTD)
 each since November 2020
 and Chairman
of the Board of Pivotal Investment Corporation III (NYSE: PICC)
 since October 2020
 each of which companies is a blank check company
that is currently searching for an initial business combination. From July 2019 to December 2020
 he was also the Chief Executive Officer
and chairman of the board of directors of Pivotal Investment Corporation II (NYSE: PIC)
 a blank check company that consummated an initial
business combination with XL Fleet
 which is a leading provider of fleet electrification solutions for Class 2-6 commercial vehicles
in North America. From August 2018 to December 2019
 he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Pivotal Acquisition Corp. (NYSE:
PVT)
 a blank check company that consummated an initial business combination with KLDiscovery Inc. in December 2019. Since such date
Mr. Ledecky has continued to serve as a member of the board of KLDiscovery. From July 2005 to December 2007
 Mr. Ledecky served as president
secretary and a director of Endeavor Acquisition Corp.
 a blank check company that completed its initial business combination with American
Apparel
 Inc. From January 2007 to May 2009
 he served as president
 secretary and a director of Victory Acquisition Corp.
 a blank check
company that was unable to consummate an initial business combination. He also served as president
 secretary and a director of Triplecrown
Acquisition Corp.
 a blank check company
 from June 2007 until it completed its initial business combination with Cullen Agricultural
Technologies
 Inc. in October 2009. During 2007
 he also served as president
 secretary and director of Grand Slam Acquisition Corp.
Performance Acquisition Corp. and Endeavour International Acquisition Corp.
 three similarly structured blank check companies that never
completed their initial public offerings due to market conditions at the time. Mr. Ledecky founded U.S. Office Products in October 1994
and served as its chief executive officer until November 1997 and as its chairman until its sale in June 1998. U.S. Office Products was
one of the fastest start-up entrants in the history of the Fortune 500 with sales in excess of $3 billion within its first three years
of operation. From 1999 to 2001
 Mr. Ledecky was vice chairman of Lincoln Holdings
 owners of the Washington sports franchises in the
NBA
 NHL and WNBA. In addition to the foregoing
 Mr. Ledecky served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Consolidation
Capital Corporation from its formation in February 1997 until March 2000 when it merged with Group Maintenance America Corporation. Mr.
Ledecky also has served as a trustee of George Washington University
 a director of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a commissioner on
the National Commission on Entrepreneurship and currently serves as a trustee of the U.S. Olympic Foundation and the U.S. Paralympic
Foundation. In 2004
 Mr. Ledecky was elected the Chief Marshal of the 2004 Harvard University Commencement
 an honor bestowed by his
alumni peers for a 25th reunion graduate deemed to have made exceptional contributions to Harvard and the greater society while achieving
outstanding professional success. Mr. Ledecky received a B.A. (cum laude) from Harvard University in 1979 and a M.B.A. from the Harvard
Business School in 1983. We believe Mr. Ledecky is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his business experience and
contacts and relationships.

Mr.
Ledecky is not required to commit his full time to our business affairs and he will not devote a substantial amount of time to our business
affairs.



    
    


Code
of Ethics

We
have not adopted a Code of Ethics given our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
 our
Board will adopt a Code of Ethics.

Nominating
Compensation and Audit Committees

As
we only have one Board member and given our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent nominating
 audit or compensation
committees. Our Board has determined that it does not have an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as that term is defined
in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees
to our Board.




ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION.


Mr.
Ledecky is our sole officer and director. Mr. Ledecky has not received any compensation during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2021
and 2020.

While
we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on any formal
basis
 we may engage such firms in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder&rsquo;s fee or other compensation. In
no event
 however
 will we pay a finder&rsquo;s fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an officer
or director is affiliated. We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.

Director
Compensation

We
do not currently pay any cash fees to our sole director
 nor do we pay our director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.

Employment
Agreements

We
are not a party to any employment agreements.



    
    




ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities)
beneficially owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &ldquo;group&rdquo; as that term is used in Section
13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers and the sole director as a group.




    of Beneficial Owner
Shares
    of
    

Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 
    
    


Graubard Miller
    
    

405
Lexington Avenue
 11
    
    


 New York 10174
9
509
440
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

c/o
Graubard Miller
    
    

405
Lexington Avenue
 11
    
    


 New York 10174
9
509
440
    

    
    
    

Moyo Partners
 LLC 
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Unit 1708
    
    


 FL 33404
1
070
880
    

    
    
    

    
9
509
440
    






    
Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this report are deemed to be outstanding
 but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other security holder.

    
Jonathan J. Ledecky
 our president and sole director
 controls Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.

    
    

    
Includes all the shares held by Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC.

    
Arnold P. Kling controls Moyo Partners
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.

    
Includes all the shares held by Moyo Partners
 LLC.


We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans.




    
    




ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


Our
Board consists solely of Jonathan J. Ledecky. He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer
quotation system.

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound
 our majority stockholder
 lent $100
000 to us and we issued the May 2013 Note to it. In July 2014
 the May 2013
Note was amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Note
 which extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and
provided for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note).

On
July 25
 2014
 Ironbound lent an additional $72
000 to us on the same terms as the May 2013 Note. The 2014 Note had a maturity date of
August 31
 2015.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced us an additional $10
000. This amount was subsequently evidenced by the December 2015 Note with
the same terms as the Prior Notes.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued the April 2016 Note in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the
Prior Notes. The proceeds of the 2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued the July 2016 Note in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has
a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July
2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the outstanding notes at such date was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued the February 2017 Note in the principal amount of $50
000 to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a
&ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of
the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued the August 2018 Note in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound. The August 2018 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified
Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined
in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018
Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


On
December 4
 2018
 we issued the December 2018 Note in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of
the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.


 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding
promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August 31
 2020.

On
November 27
 2019
 we issued the November 2019 Note in the principal amount of $40
000 to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation
of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of
the November 2019 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.

On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2020 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    




ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.


AUDIT
FEES:


 2021 and 2020
 we were billed $13
500
and $15
500
 respectively
 by Liggett &amp; Webb
 P.A. 
 our independent registered public accountants
 for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or
services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.

AUDIT-RELATED
FEES:



TAX
FEES:


000 by Liggett &amp; Webb
 P.A. for tax services
for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2020.

ALL
OTHER FEES:



AUDIT
COMMITTEE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES:

We
do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by the Board.



    
    



PART
IV



Item
    15.
Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules




    
    
The
    following documents are filed as part of this Report:




The following financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are filed herewith.



    
    
    




    
    
Balance Sheets at March 31
 2021 and 2020




    
    
Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020




    
    
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020




    
    
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020




    
    
    


2.


Schedules
are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes
thereto.






Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
 dated as of February 8
 2021
 by and among Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated
 Newtown Merger Sub Corp.
 and Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc.

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Note
 issued May 14
 2013 and amended and restated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $72
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated April 1
 2016
 in the principal amount of $10
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 15
 2016
 in the principal amount of $25
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated February 14
 2017
 in the principal amount of $60
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated November 27
 2019
 in the principal amount of $40
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC. 

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013 - Kirk M. Warshaw 

    
    
Support Agreement
 dated as of February 8
 2021
 by and among Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated
 Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc.
 and SIS Holdings
 LP.

    
    
Support Agreement
 dated as of February 8
 2021
 by and among Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated
 Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc.
 and Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document*

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*






    
Included
    herewith.




    
Furnished
    not filed
 in accordance with Item 601(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.




    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 9
 2021
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
 and incorporated
    herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed on June 30
 2006
    and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2014
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 5
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 18
 2016
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 16
 2017
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 and incorporated
    herein by reference.

    
Previously
    filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 and incorporated
    herein by reference.




Item
    16.
Form
    10-K Summary






    
    





In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
NEWTOWN
    LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

Date:
    June 28
 2021
    

    
/s/
    Jonathan J. Ledecky 

    
Jonathan
J. Ledecky

President
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal
Executive Officer and
Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer)
and
sole director



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    

    
    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated

Opinion
on the Financial Statements


of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 the related statements of operations
stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the two years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company
as of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years then ended
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has an accumulated deficit
and a working capital deficit as of March 31
 2021. The Company has incurred recurring losses and will have to obtain additional capital
to sustain operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error
or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/
Liggett &amp; Webb
 P.A. 
    

    
    

    

    
    

Boynton Beach
 Florida
    

June 28
 2021
    




    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
BALANCE
SHEETS



    
    
March&nbsp;31

    
    
March&nbsp;31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
285
    
    
    
13
831
    

    
    
    
7
285
    
    
    
13
831
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
195
258
    
    
    
79
486
    

    
    
    
367
000
    
    
    
347
000
    

    
    
    
562
258
    
    
    
426
486
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 14
643
740 and 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
    
    
14
644
    
    
    
13
758
    

    
    
    
2
083
232
    
    
    
2
070
756
    

    
    
    
(2
652
849
    
    
    
(2
497
169
    

    
    
    
(554
973
    
    
    
(412
655
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
285
    
    
    
13
831
    



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS



    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative
137
714
46
340


 net
17
966
16
071

    
155
680
62
411

    
    
    

    
(155
680
(62
411

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
874
040
13
757
550


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
For
the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balances at March 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
757
550
    
    
    
13
758
    
    
    
2
065
756
    
    
    
(2
434
758
    
    
    
(355
244
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(62
411
    
    
    
(62
411
    

Balances at March 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
757
550
    
    
    
13
758
    
    
    
2
070
756
    
    
    
(2
497
169
    
    
    
(412
655
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
886
190
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
476
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
362
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(155
680
    
    
    
(155
680
    

Balances at March 31
 2021
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
643
740
    
    
    
14
644
    
    
    
2
083
232
    
    
    
(2
652
849
    
    
    
(554
973
    



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(155
680
(62
411

    
    
    

    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    

    
115
772
20
464

    
(34
908
(36
947

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
000
40
000

    
8
362
    

    
28
362
40
000

    
    
    

    
(6
546
3
053

    
13
831
10
778

    
7
285
13
831

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


NEWTOWN
LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years
Ended March 31
 2021 and 2020

NOTE
1 &ndash; DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY

Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&nbsp;(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in
Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand in the United States
with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In
August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&rsquo;s Donut Brand
at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.

EQUITY
TRANSACTIONS

On
August 8
 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited
liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in
the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder
into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds
to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares
of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.

On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand
four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series
A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares
of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred
(100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand
five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the
&ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest
into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal
balance.

On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent
J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board;
(ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii)
our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters
to Chatham
 New Jersey.

Following
Mr. McGill&rsquo;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.

On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares
of Common Stock available for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock.

On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares
into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares
of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of
undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
Elimination Date.



    
    


In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares
was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The
stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.

On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired
Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
&amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings
pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The
Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1%
of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound
(the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon
the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as
defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described
below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified
Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the
2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of President
of the Company.


 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2015 Note&rdquo;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding
Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound
Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August
2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
 2020.

On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;November 2019 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.

Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.

On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2020 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


THE
COMPANY TODAY


 our main purpose has
been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in as much as
we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition
transaction.


 2021
 we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization (&ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Newtown Merger Sub Corp.
 a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned
subsidiary (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 and Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc. (doing business as Appgate)
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Appgate&rdquo;).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with Appgate (the &ldquo;Merger&rdquo;) with Appgate being the surviving entity
of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours.


each share of Appgate&rsquo;s common stock outstanding on the closing date will be converted into 234
299.84 shares of our common stock.
Additionally
 we will assume all of Appgate&rsquo;s obligations under its note issuance agreement (&ldquo;Notes Issuance Agreement&rdquo;)
and the 5% convertible senior notes (&ldquo;Convertible Senior Notes&rdquo;) issued thereunder in an aggregate principal amount of $50
million
 with an additional aggregate principal amount of $25 million subject to issuance at Closing (the &ldquo;Additional Notes&rdquo;)
and a further aggregate principal amount of $25 million issuable
 in the option of the holders
 within 12 months of signing of the Merger
Agreement.


 at the Closing and assuming
none of the Convertible Senior Notes or Additional Notes have been converted into shares of our common stock and not taking into account
an equity incentive plan
 the current stockholder&rsquo;s of Appgate will own approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of our common
stock and the current stockholders of the Company will own approximately 11% of our outstanding common stock.


second quarter of 2021
 subject to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Newtown&rsquo;s
accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are
those policies considered particularly significant.



    
    
Going
    Concern:



have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown
continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other
than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with Appgate. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales
of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized
in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.


652
849 and a working capital
deficit of $554
973 March 31
 2021. For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 Newtown had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively.
Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional
funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about Newtown&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.



    
    
Use
    of Estimates:



accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from
those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements. The estimates
include valuation of deferred taxes
 valuation of equity-based transaction and valuation of contributed services.



    
    
Statement
    of Cash Flows:


For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.



    
    




    
    
Loss
    per Common Share:



Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; that provides for the calculation of &ldquo;Basic&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Diluted&rdquo; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings
per share in the future. As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had a total of 0 and 886
190 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely
of stock options and shares issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $367
000 and $347
000
 respectively.



    
    
Income
    Taxes:


The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets
unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.



    
    
Financial
    instruments:


The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading
purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are
indicative of market interest rates.



    
    
Equity
    Based Compensation:


We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding
and vested stock-based awards.

In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&rsquo;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate
is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense
could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.

The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:



886
190 shares were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2021. No options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2020.



    
    




    
    
New
    Accounting Pronouncements:



but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements.

NOTE
3 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.

STOCK
OPTIONS

During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year
term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50%
upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary.


 2021
 we issued 886
990 shares of common
stock for the exercise of 886
900 non-qualified stock options at exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share in exchange for
$8
363 in cash.


for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended is as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2019
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2020
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2021
    
    
    


Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&rsquo;s shares at a per share price of $0.15 as of March 31
 2020. The intrinsic value of stock
options outstanding was $133
049.



    
    


NOTE
4 &ndash; NOTES PAYABLE &ndash; RELATED PARTY

On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fnd LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the May 2013 &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year
term and bore interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was
convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013
Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance
with the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.

On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the
2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified
Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the
2014 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).

Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &ldquo;Prior Notes&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.

Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.

On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&rsquo;s and Warshaw&rsquo;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&rsquo;s resignation and will assume the role of President
of the Company.


 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2015 Note&rdquo;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;2016 Note&rdquo; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &ldquo;Outstanding
Notes&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;July 2016 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound.
The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.

On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;February 2017 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.

Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.

In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.

On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the August
2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.

On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;December 2018 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.

Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
 2020.

On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;November 2019 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.

Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.

On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;August 2020 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.



    
    


NOTE
5 &ndash; INCOME TAXES



from the statutory rates (federal 21%) as follows:



    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
(32
693
(13
106

    
    
    

    
1
050
1
050

    
31
643
12
056

    
    
    



sheets includes the following amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities:



    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
478
792
447
149

    
    
    



 2021 and 2020
 the Company
has net operating losses carry forward (NOLs) of approximately $2
280
000 and $2
129
000 available to offset future taxable income.
The valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
This is necessary due to the Company&rsquo;s continued operating loss and the uncertainty of the Company&rsquo;s ability to utilize
approximately $2
015
000 of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire through the year 2037 and approximately
$265
000 of net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried-forward indefinitely subject to limitation. In addition
 the
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382
due to the past changes in ownership of the Company. The benefits of these NOLs may be reduced in the future if the Company is
successful in establishing a new business. The Company&rsquo;s federal and state income tax returns for the years 2017 through 2021
remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.

NOTE
6 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by our officers.

NOTE
7 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


 the
Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement (February 8
 2021) through the date of closing
 all expenses incurred
by Newtown in connection with consummating the merger with Appgate that are payable by Newtown prior to the closing shall be paid by Appgate.
Subsequent to March 31
 2021
 Appgate has paid $101
436 on behalf of Newtown and the amount is recorded as advances from Appgate until the
closing date. If the merger were not to close under certain circumstances
 those expenses that are payable by Newtown or paid by Appgate
on behalf of Newtown would be obligations of Newtown. The Merger is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 2021
 subject
to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.


    













     



DESCRIPTION OF
REGISTRANT&rsquo;S SECURITIES

The
following summary of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&rsquo;s securities is based on and qualified by its Certificate of Incorporation
(the &ldquo;Charter&rdquo;). References to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and to &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo;
refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


 2021
 the Company is authorized
to issue 100
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001
 and 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001. There
are no shares of preferred stock currently outstanding.




643
740 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. Subject to the rights of the holders of any preferred stock which may be outstanding
 each holder
of common stock is entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) out
of funds legally available therefore
 and
 in the event of liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 to share pro
rata in any distribution of the Company's assets after payment or providing for the payment of all liabilities and the liquidation
preference of any outstanding preferred stock. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record
on the applicable record date on all matters presented to a vote of stockholders
 including the election of directors. Holders
of common stock have no cumulative voting rights or pre-emptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any shares of common stock
or other securities of the Company in the event of any subsequent offering. The shares of common stock have no conversion rights
are not subject to redemption and are not subject to further calls or assessments. All outstanding shares of common stock are
and the shares of common stock offered hereby will be when issued
 fully paid and nonassessable.




 2021
 no shares of Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding. The Board is authorized
 without any action of the stockholders
 to provide for the issuance
of one or more series of preferred stock and to fix the designations
 preferences
 powers and relative
 participating
 optional
and other rights
 qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof including
 without limitation
 the dividend rate
 voting
rights
 conversion rights
 redemption price and liquidation preference per series of preferred stock. Any series of preferred stock
issued may rank senior to the common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or amounts to be distributed upon liquidation
dissolution or winding up of the Company. There are no agreements for the issuance of preferred stock and the Board has no present
intent to issue any preferred stock. The existence of authorized but unissued preferred stock may enable the Board to render more
difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a merger
 tender offer
 proxy contest or otherwise.
The issuance of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of common
stock and adversely affect the rights to powers
 including voting rights
 of such holders and may have the effect of delaying
deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company.




Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) several convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of
$367
000 maturing on August 31
 2021.


bear interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity
 and are convertible
 at the election of Ironbound into shares of
common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction
&rdquo; at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as each quoted term is defined in the notes).




on our common stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial condition
and such other factors as the Board may consider.




the symbol &ldquo;NTWN&rdquo;.












     






UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934
 AS AMENDED




 Jonathan J. Ledecky
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown
Lane Marketing




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for




I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to
the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance




Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures




Disclosed in this report any change in the small business
issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect




I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the small




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small
business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management





Date:&nbsp;June 28
 2021
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        
        
        














     







SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Newtown Lane Marketing Incorporated (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2021 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on
the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section




The information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects





Date: June 28
 2021
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
 (Principal Executive Officer and
        





















      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      



    



    




        


        




    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  


  

  



  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  


  

  



  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
1 &amp;#x2013; DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&amp;#xa0;(&amp;#x201c;we&amp;#x201d;
 &amp;#x201c;our&amp;#x201d;
 &amp;#x201c;us&amp;#x201d; or &amp;#x201c;Newtown&amp;#x201d;) was incorporated in
Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&amp;#x2019;s Donut Brand in the United States
with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In
August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&amp;#x2019;s Donut Brand
at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;EQUITY
TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
August 8
 2007 (the &amp;#x201c;Effective Date&amp;#x201d;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#x201c;Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201d;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&amp;#x201c;Moyo&amp;#x201d;) and R&amp;amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited
liability company (&amp;#x201c;R&amp;amp;R&amp;#x201d; collectively with Moyo
 the &amp;#x201c;Purchasers&amp;#x201d;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in
the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
par value $.001 per share (&amp;#x201c;Common Stock&amp;#x201d;) and&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/i&gt;five hundred (500&lt;i&gt;)&amp;#xa0;&lt;/i&gt;shares&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/i&gt;of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#x201c;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#x201d;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder
into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/i&gt;proceeds
to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares
of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand
four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series
A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares
of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred
(100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand
five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the
&amp;#x201c;December Notes&amp;#x201d;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest
into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal
balance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&amp;#x201c;Board&amp;#x201d;) and served together with Vincent
J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board;
(ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii)
our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters
to Chatham
 New Jersey.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Following
Mr. McGill&amp;#x2019;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares
of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#x201c;Charter Amendment&amp;#x201d;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares
into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares
of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of
undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
Elimination Date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares
was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &amp;#x201c;Act&amp;#x201d;). The
stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption from registration under the Act.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;Ironbound&amp;#x201d;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &amp;#x201c;Acquired
Shares&amp;#x201d;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
&amp;amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#x201c;Rodman&amp;#x201d;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings
pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The
Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1%
of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound
(the &amp;#x201c;May 2013 Note&amp;#x201d;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon
the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as
defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described
below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;2014 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified
Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the
2014 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;Amended and Restated Note&amp;#x201d; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &amp;#x201c;Prior Notes&amp;#x201d;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental
Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&amp;#x2019;s and Warshaw&amp;#x2019;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&amp;#x2019;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&amp;#x2019;s resignation and will assume the role of President
of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;December 2015 Note&amp;#x201d;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;2016 Note&amp;#x201d; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &amp;#x201c;Outstanding
Notes&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;July 2016 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound
Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;February 2017 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;August 2018 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August
2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;December 2018 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;November 2019 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;August 2020 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;THE
COMPANY TODAY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Since the Effective Date
 our main purpose has
been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#x201c;shell&amp;#x201d; company in as much as
we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition
transaction.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;On February 8
 2021
 we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization (&amp;#x201c;Merger Agreement&amp;#x201d;) with Newtown Merger Sub Corp.
 a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned
subsidiary (&amp;#x201c;Merger Sub&amp;#x201d;)
 and Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc. (doing business as Appgate)
 a Delaware corporation (&amp;#x201c;Appgate&amp;#x201d;).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with Appgate (the &amp;#x201c;Merger&amp;#x201d;) with Appgate being the surviving entity
of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Upon consummation of the Merger (the &amp;#x201c;Closing&amp;#x201d;)
each share of Appgate&amp;#x2019;s common stock outstanding on the closing date will be converted into 234
299.84 shares of our common stock.
Additionally
 we will assume all of Appgate&amp;#x2019;s obligations under its note issuance agreement (&amp;#x201c;Notes Issuance Agreement&amp;#x201d;)
and the 5% convertible senior notes (&amp;#x201c;Convertible Senior Notes&amp;#x201d;) issued thereunder in an aggregate principal amount of $50
million
 with an additional aggregate principal amount of $25 million subject to issuance at Closing (the &amp;#x201c;Additional Notes&amp;#x201d;)
and a further aggregate principal amount of $25 million issuable
 in the option of the holders
 within 12 months of signing of the Merger
Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;It is estimated that
 at the Closing and assuming
none of the Convertible Senior Notes or Additional Notes have been converted into shares of our common stock and not taking into account
an equity incentive plan
 the current stockholder&amp;#x2019;s of Appgate will own approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of our common
stock and the current stockholders of the Company will own approximately 11% of our outstanding common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Merger is expected to be consummated in the
second quarter of 2021

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
2 &amp;#x2013; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Newtown&amp;#x2019;s
accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are
those policies considered particularly significant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Going
    Concern:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown
continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &amp;#x201c;shell&amp;#x201d; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other
than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with Appgate. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales
of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized
in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Newtown has an accumulated deficit of $2
652
849 and a working capital
deficit of $554
973 March 31
 2021. For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 Newtown had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively.
Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional
funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about Newtown&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Use
    of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In preparing financial statements with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from
those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements. The estimates
include valuation of deferred taxes
 valuation of equity-based transaction and valuation of contributed services.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statement
    of Cash Flows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss
    per Common Share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &amp;#x201c;Earnings Per Share&amp;#x201d; that provides for the calculation of &amp;#x201c;Basic&amp;#x201d;
and &amp;#x201c;Diluted&amp;#x201d; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings
per share in the future. As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had a total of 0 and 886
190 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely
of stock options and shares issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $367
000 and $347
000
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income
    Taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets
unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Financial
    instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading
purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are
indicative of market interest rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Equity
    Based Compensation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding
and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#x2019;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate
is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense
could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Options to purchase an aggregate of
886
190 shares were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2021. No options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.5in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;New
    Accounting Pronouncements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued
but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Going
    Concern:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown
continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &amp;#x201c;shell&amp;#x201d; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other
than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with Appgate. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales
of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized
in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Newtown has an accumulated deficit of $2
652
849 and a working capital
deficit of $554
973 March 31
 2021. For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 Newtown had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively.
Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional
funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial

  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Use
    of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In preparing financial statements with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from
those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements. The estimates
include valuation of deferred taxes


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Statement
    of Cash Flows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Loss
    per Common Share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &amp;#x201c;Earnings Per Share&amp;#x201d; that provides for the calculation of &amp;#x201c;Basic&amp;#x201d;
and &amp;#x201c;Diluted&amp;#x201d; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings
per share in the future. As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had a total of 0 and 886
190 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely
of stock options and shares issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $367
000 and $347
000

  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Income
    Taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Financial
    instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading
purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are


 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Equity
    Based Compensation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding
and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#x2019;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate
is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense
could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-left: 0.75in; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted based on the following assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Options to purchase an aggregate of
886
190 shares were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2021. No options were exercised in the year ended March 31

  
  

 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&quot;&gt;&lt;tr style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: top&quot;&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; width: 0.25in&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;(h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;New
    Accounting Pronouncements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.75in; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued
but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements


 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
3 &amp;#x2013; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; DEFICIT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;STOCK
OPTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year
term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50%
upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;During the year ended March 31
 2021
 we issued 886
990 shares of common
stock for the exercise of 886
900 non-qualified stock options at exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share in exchange for
$8
363 in cash.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;A summary of the common stock option activity
for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Weighted &lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average &lt;br/&gt; Remaining &lt;br/&gt; Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;(Years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 64%; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&amp;#x2019;s shares at a per share price of $0.15 as of March 31
 2020. The intrinsic value of stock
options outstanding was $133

  
  


  
  

990 shares of common stock for the exercise of 886
900 non-qualified stock options at exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share in exchange for $8


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Weighted &lt;br/&gt; Average&lt;br/&gt; Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center&quot;&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt; Average &lt;br/&gt; Remaining &lt;br/&gt; Contractual&lt;br/&gt; Term&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;(Years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 64%; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(886
190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;0.009&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Expired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&quot;&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  












  
  
  



  
  











 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
4 &amp;#x2013; NOTES PAYABLE &amp;#x2013; RELATED PARTY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fnd LLC (&amp;#x201c;Ironbound&amp;#x201d;) loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the May 2013 &amp;#x201c;Note&amp;#x201d;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year
term and bore interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was
convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013
Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance
with the amended and Restated Note
 as described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;2014 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the
2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified
Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the
2014 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;Amended and Restated Note&amp;#x201d; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &amp;#x201c;Prior Notes&amp;#x201d;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental
Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
2013 Note otherwise remained unchanged.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&amp;#x2019;s and Warshaw&amp;#x2019;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#x2019;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&amp;#x2019;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&amp;#x2019;s resignation and will assume the role of President
of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;On December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;December 2015 Note&amp;#x201d;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
The proceeds of the December 2015 Note was utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;2016 Note&amp;#x201d; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &amp;#x201c;Outstanding
Notes&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
2016 Note was and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;July 2016 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound.
The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the
July 2016 Note). The proceeds of the July 2016 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;February 2017 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;August 2018 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August
2018 Note). The proceeds of the August 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;December 2018 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;November 2019 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
working capital needs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
 2021.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#x201c;August 2020 Note&amp;#x201d;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#x201c;Qualified Financing&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &amp;#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &amp;#x201c;Conversion Price&amp;#x201d; (as defined in

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
5 &amp;#x2013; INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax expense differed
from the statutory rates (federal 21%) as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font-style: normal; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit) - Federal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(32
693&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(13
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit) - State&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Non-deductible expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;31
643&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Actual tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;The net deferred taxes in the accompanying balance
sheets includes the following amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; style=&quot;border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Gross deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Net deferred tax asset recorded&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company
has net operating losses carry forward (NOLs) of approximately $2
280
000 and $2
129
000 available to offset future taxable income.
The valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
This is necessary due to the Company&amp;#x2019;s continued operating loss and the uncertainty of the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to utilize
approximately $2
015
000 of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire through the year 2037 and approximately
$265
000 of net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried-forward indefinitely subject to limitation. In addition
 the
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382
due to the past changes in ownership of the Company. The benefits of these NOLs may be reduced in the future if the Company is
successful in establishing a new business. The Company&amp;#x2019;s federal and state income tax returns for the years 2017 through 2021

  
  
  

015
000 of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire through the year 2037 and approximately $265
000 of net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried-forward indefinitely subject to limitation. In addition


 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font-style: normal; vertical-align: bottom; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-style: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit) - Federal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(32
693&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(13
106&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Expected tax expense (benefit) - State&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Non-deductible expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;1
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;31
643&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;12
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Actual tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  


  
  
  
  



 Times
 Serif&quot;&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-weight: normal; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;March
    31
&lt;br/&gt;
    2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify&quot;&gt;Gross deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;(447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: right&quot;&gt;(447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;text-align: left&quot;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;478
792&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&quot;&gt;447
149&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;tr style=&quot;vertical-align: bottom; &quot;&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0pt&quot;&gt;Net deferred tax asset recorded&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&quot;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&quot;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=&quot;padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&quot;&gt;&amp;#xa0;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  



 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
6 &amp;#x2013; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use

  
  

 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;&lt;font style=&quot;font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; font-size: 10pt&quot;&gt;NOTE
7 &amp;#x2013; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;p style=&quot;font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: justify&quot;&gt;In connection with Merger Agreement with Appgate (see Note 1)
 the
Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement (February 8
 2021) through the date of closing
 all expenses incurred
by Newtown in connection with consummating the merger with Appgate that are payable by Newtown prior to the closing shall be paid by Appgate.
Subsequent to March 31
 2021
 Appgate has paid $101
436 on behalf of Newtown and the amount is recorded as advances from Appgate until the
closing date. If the merger were not to close under certain circumstances
 those expenses that are payable by Newtown or paid by Appgate
on behalf of Newtown would be obligations of Newtown. The Merger is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 2021
 subject

  






















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    
















    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized



    


















 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 14
643
740 and 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding



















    


    


    










    


    


    


    


    





    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






















































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    

    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    





    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    






    



    


    






    






    


























    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    


    


    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    


    


    


    






    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    




    







    




    

    

    


 in &apos;PnYnMnDTnHnMnS&apos; format
 for example
 &apos;P1Y5M13D&apos; represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


    




    




    

    

    




    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Including Capitalized Interest


    

    


 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate


    







    


 Options
 Grants in Period






 Shares





    


 Shares






 Shares


    




    

    


 Interest Rate





    

    





 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)





    

    


 Option


    


 Options





    




    

    

    




    




    

    


 Options
 Forfeitures in Period









 Options
 Grants in Period





    

    


 State and Local Income Taxes


    





 Options
 Outstanding





    

    





 Value


    


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding


    





 Options
 Outstanding





    


 Options



 Converted Instrument








    

    


 Options



 Value








    

    

    

    




    




    




    

    

    

    


 Nondeductible Expense


    

    

    


 Value


    

    


 Value


    




    

    




    


 Value
 Restricted Stock Award


    







    


 Maturity Date


    


 Options
 Expirations in Period



 Shares



 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award


    

    

    





 Shares



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance





    
















    

    


 Options
 Exercises in Period


    

    

    




    




    

    

    








    


    


    

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2021
Jun. 23
 2021
Sep. 30
 2020






































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



643
740











773



























































  2021





























































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code















































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report
 the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











285


831





285


831












258


486





000


000





258


486

















Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 14
643
740 and 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

644


758





083
232


070
756





652
849)


497
169)





973)


655)





285


831







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.




























Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
















Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

643
740


757
550



Common stock
 shares outstanding

643
740


757
550

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Selling
 general and administrative

714


340



Interest expense
 net

966


071





680


411





680)


411)












874
040


757
550





























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balances at Mar. 31
 2019



758


065
756


434
758)


244)



Balances (in Shares) at Mar. 31
 2019



757
550















000




000











411)


411)



Balances at Mar. 31
 2020



758


070
756


497
169)


655)



Balances (in Shares) at Mar. 31
 2020



757
550















476




362







190















000




000











680)


680)



Balances at Mar. 31
 2021



644


083
232


652
849)


973)



Balances (in Shares) at Mar. 31
 2021



643
740










































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











680)


411)












000


000












772


464





908)


947)












000


000





362







362


000





546)


053





831


778





285


831
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 including
 but not limited to
 capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
Newtown
Lane Marketing
 Incorporated&#xa0;(&#x201c;we&#x201d;
 &#x201c;our&#x201d;
 &#x201c;us&#x201d; or &#x201c;Newtown&#x201d;) was incorporated in
Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen&#x2019;s Donut Brand in the United States
with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In
August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen&#x2019;s Donut Brand
at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
EQUITY
On
August 8
 2007 (the &#x201c;Effective Date&#x201d;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &#x201c;Purchase Agreement&#x201d;)
with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&#x201c;Moyo&#x201d;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited
liability company (&#x201c;R&amp;R&#x201d; collectively with Moyo
 the &#x201c;Purchasers&#x201d;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in
the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&#x201c;Series A Preferred Stock&#x201d;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder
into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds
to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares
On
the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand
four hundred forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series
A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares
of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred
(100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand
five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and
(ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the
&#x201c;December Notes&#x201d;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest
into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal
On
the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&#x201c;Board&#x201d;) and served together with Vincent
J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board;
(ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii)
our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters
to Chatham
Following
Mr. McGill&#x2019;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
On
October 19
 2007
 we effected an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares
of Common Stock available for issuance (the &#x201c;Charter Amendment&#x201d;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series
On
December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares
into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares
of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of
undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
In
December 2008
 we sold 550
000 shares of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares
was exempt from registration pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#x201c;Act&#x201d;). The
stock certificate representing these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration
On
May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&#x201c;Ironbound&#x201d;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &#x201c;Acquired
Shares&#x201d;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
&amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&#x201c;Rodman&#x201d;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings
pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The
Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1%
of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound
(the &#x201c;May 2013 Note&#x201d;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon
the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as
defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described
On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;2014 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on
the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified
Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the
Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;Amended and Restated Note&#x201d; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &#x201c;Prior Notes&#x201d;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental
Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&#x2019;s and Warshaw&#x2019;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&#x2019;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&#x2019;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&#x2019;s resignation and will assume the role of President
On December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &#x201c;December 2015 Note&#x201d;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;2016 Note&#x201d; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &#x201c;Outstanding
Notes&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;July 2016 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound
Partners Fund
 LLC. The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or
upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;February 2017 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;August 2018 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the August
On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;December 2018 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;November 2019 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;August 2020 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in
THE
Since the Effective Date
 our main purpose has
been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &#x201c;shell&#x201d; company in as much as
we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition
On February 8
 2021
 we entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Reorganization (&#x201c;Merger Agreement&#x201d;) with Newtown Merger Sub Corp.
 a Delaware corporation and our wholly owned
subsidiary (&#x201c;Merger Sub&#x201d;)
 and Cyxtera Cybersecurity
 Inc. (doing business as Appgate)
 a Delaware corporation (&#x201c;Appgate&#x201d;).
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Merger Sub will merge with Appgate (the &#x201c;Merger&#x201d;) with Appgate being the surviving entity
Upon consummation of the Merger (the &#x201c;Closing&#x201d;)
each share of Appgate&#x2019;s common stock outstanding on the closing date will be converted into 234
299.84 shares of our common stock.
Additionally
 we will assume all of Appgate&#x2019;s obligations under its note issuance agreement (&#x201c;Notes Issuance Agreement&#x201d;)
and the 5% convertible senior notes (&#x201c;Convertible Senior Notes&#x201d;) issued thereunder in an aggregate principal amount of $50
million
 with an additional aggregate principal amount of $25 million subject to issuance at Closing (the &#x201c;Additional Notes&#x201d;)
and a further aggregate principal amount of $25 million issuable
 in the option of the holders
 within 12 months of signing of the Merger
It is estimated that
 at the Closing and assuming
none of the Convertible Senior Notes or Additional Notes have been converted into shares of our common stock and not taking into account
an equity incentive plan
 the current stockholder&#x2019;s of Appgate will own approximately 89% of the outstanding shares of our common
The Merger is expected to be consummated in the
second quarter of 2021
 subject to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
Newtown&#x2019;s
accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are
those policies considered particularly significant.

    
    
Going
    Concern:
The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown
continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &#x201c;shell&#x201d; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other
than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with Appgate. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales
of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized
Newtown has an accumulated deficit of $2
652
849 and a working capital
deficit of $554
973 March 31
 2021. For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 Newtown had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively.
Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional
funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about Newtown&#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern.

    
    
Use
    of Estimates:
In preparing financial statements with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from
those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements. The estimates
include valuation of deferred taxes
 valuation of equity-based transaction and valuation of contributed services.

    
    
Statement
    of Cash Flows:
For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.

    
    
Loss
    per Common Share:
The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#x201c;Earnings Per Share&#x201d; that provides for the calculation of &#x201c;Basic&#x201d;
and &#x201c;Diluted&#x201d; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings
per share in the future. As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had a total of 0 and 886
190 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely
of stock options and shares issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $367
000 and $347
000
 respectively.

    
    
Income
    Taxes:
The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets
unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.

    
    
Financial
    instruments:
The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading
purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are
indicative of market interest rates.

    
    
Equity
    Based Compensation:
We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding
In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#x2019;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate
is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense
The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
Options to purchase an aggregate of
886
190 shares were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2021. No options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2020.

    
    
New
    Accounting Pronouncements:
All new accounting pronouncements issued
but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
STOCK
During
the year ended March 31
 2014
 we issued 886
990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year
term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50%
During the year ended March 31
 2021
 we issued 886
990 shares of common
stock for the exercise of 886
900 non-qualified stock options at exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share in exchange for
$8
A summary of the common stock option activity
for officers and consultants as of March 31
 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended is as follows:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2019
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2020
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2021
    
    
    
Based
on the last trade or purchase of Newtown&#x2019;s shares at a per share price of $0.15 as of March 31
 2020. The intrinsic value of stock
options outstanding was $133
049.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
On
May 14
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fnd LLC (&#x201c;Ironbound&#x201d;) loaned $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note
in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the May 2013 &#x201c;Note&#x201d;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year
term and bore interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was
convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013
Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance
with the amended and Restated Note
On
July 25
 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued
to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;2014 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity
date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the
2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified
Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the
Further
on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;Amended and Restated Note&#x201d; and together
with the 2014 Note
 the &#x201c;Prior Notes&#x201d;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013
Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and
accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the
consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental
Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May
Effective
September 1
 2015
 the maturity dates of the Prior Notes was extended from August 31
 2015 to August 31
On
October 30
 2015
 Mr. Kling resigned from his position as our sole director and from his position as our President. Also on October 30
2015
 Mr. Warshaw resigned from his positions as our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Messrs. Kling&#x2019;s and Warshaw&#x2019;s
resignation were not due to any disagreement with the Company or its management on any matter relating to the Company&#x2019;s operations
policies or practices. Prior to Mr. Kling&#x2019;s resignation
 our Board of Directors appointed Jonathan J. Ledecky
 the managing member
of Ironbound
 our largest stockholder
 to fill the vacancy created by Mr. Kling&#x2019;s resignation and will assume the role of President
On December 31
 2015
 Ironbound advanced to us an additional $10
000.
This amount was subsequently evidenced by a promissory note (the &#x201c;December 2015 Note&#x201d;) with the same terms as the Prior Notes.
On
April 1
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;2016 Note&#x201d; and together with the Prior Notes
 the &#x201c;Outstanding
Notes&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $10
000 to Ironbound. The 2016 Note has the same terms as the Prior Notes. The proceeds of the
On
July 15
 2016
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;July 2016 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to Ironbound.
The July 2016 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the July 2016 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the July 2016 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the
Effective
September 1
 2016
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 31
 2016 to August 31
On
February 14
 2017
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;February 2017 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $50
000
to Ironbound. The February 2017 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2017 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the February 2017 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
our common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note)
 or upon the
consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the February 2017 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the February 2017 Note). The proceeds of the February 2017 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital
Effective
September 1
 2017
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2017 to August 31
In
August 2018
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes was extended from August 1
 2018 to August 31
On
August 27
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;August 2018 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $15
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock
following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a
&#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2018 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in the August
On
December 4
 2018
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;December 2018 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $25
000 to
Ironbound. The December 2018 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2019 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at
maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the December 2018 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the
Company&#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the December 2018 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the December 2018 Note). The proceeds of the December 2018 Note has been and will be utilized by the Company to fund working
Effective
November 12
 2019
 the maturity dates of the outstanding promissory notes held by Ironbound was extended from August 31
 2019 to August
31
On
November 27
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;November 2019 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $40
000
to Ironbound. The November 2019 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable
at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the November 2019 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of
the Company&#x2019;s common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note)
or upon the consummation of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the November 2019 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d;
(as defined in the November 2019 Note). The proceeds of the November 2019 Note have been and will be utilized by the Company to fund
Effective
August 31
 2020
 the maturity dates of the Outstanding Notes and the August 2018 Note and December 2018 Note was extended from August
31
 2020 to August 31
On
August 18
 2020
 we issued a convertible promissory note (the &#x201c;August 2020 Note&#x201d;) in the principal amount of $20
000 to Ironbound.
The August 2020 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2021 and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The
principal and accrued interest on the August 2020 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of the Company&#x2019;s
common stock following the consummation of a &#x201c;Qualified Financing&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note)
 or upon the consummation
of a &#x201c;Fundamental Transaction&#x201d; (as defined in the August 2020 Note) at the &#x201c;Conversion Price&#x201d; (as defined in
the August 2020 Note). The proceeds of the August 2020 Note will be utilized by the Company to fund working capital needs.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
The Company&#x2019;s income tax expense differed
from the statutory rates (federal 21%) as follows:

    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
(32
693
(13
106

    
    
    

    
1
050
1
050

    
31
643
12
056

    
    
    
The net deferred taxes in the accompanying balance
sheets includes the following amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities:

    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
478
792
447
149

    
    
    
As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 the Company
has net operating losses carry forward (NOLs) of approximately $2
280
000 and $2
129
000 available to offset future taxable income.
The valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized.
This is necessary due to the Company&#x2019;s continued operating loss and the uncertainty of the Company&#x2019;s ability to utilize
approximately $2
015
000 of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire through the year 2037 and approximately
$265
000 of net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried-forward indefinitely subject to limitation. In addition
 the
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382
due to the past changes in ownership of the Company. The benefits of these NOLs may be reduced in the future if the Company is
successful in establishing a new business. The Company&#x2019;s federal and state income tax returns for the years 2017 through 2021
remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
During
the years ended March 31
 2021 and March 31
 2020
 the Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating
to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by our officers.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021







NOTE
In connection with Merger Agreement with Appgate (see Note 1)
 the
Merger Agreement provides that from the date of the Merger Agreement (February 8
 2021) through the date of closing
 all expenses incurred
by Newtown in connection with consummating the merger with Appgate that are payable by Newtown prior to the closing shall be paid by Appgate.
Subsequent to March 31
 2021
 Appgate has paid $101
436 on behalf of Newtown and the amount is recorded as advances from Appgate until the
closing date. If the merger were not to close under certain circumstances
 those expenses that are payable by Newtown or paid by Appgate
on behalf of Newtown would be obligations of Newtown. The Merger is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 2021
 subject
to the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accounting Policies
 by Policy (Policies)


Mar. 31
 2021








Going
    Concern:
The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown
continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &#x201c;shell&#x201d; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other
than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with Appgate. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent
upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales
of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination
with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. There is no assurance that these plans will be realized
Newtown has an accumulated deficit of $2
652
849 and a working capital
deficit of $554
973 March 31
 2021. For the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020
 Newtown had net losses of $155
680 and $62
411
 respectively.
Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional
funding
 expects to continue to spend substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about Newtown&#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern.





Use
    of Estimates:
In preparing financial statements with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from
those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements. The estimates
include valuation of deferred taxes
 valuation of equity-based transaction and valuation of contributed services.





Statement
    of Cash Flows:
For
purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.





Loss
    per Common Share:
The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) has issued accounting guidance &#x201c;Earnings Per Share&#x201d; that provides for the calculation of &#x201c;Basic&#x201d;
and &#x201c;Diluted&#x201d; earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common
stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings
per share in the future. As of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 we had a total of 0 and 886
190 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely
of stock options and shares issuable on the conversion of the convertible note payable for $367
000 and $347
000
 respectively.





Income
    Taxes:
The
asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in
the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets
unless it I more likely than not that such assets will be realized.





Financial
    instruments:
The
estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading
purposes
 approximate their carrying values because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are
indicative of market interest rates.





Equity
    Based Compensation:
We
adopted the FASB accounting guidance for share based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee
services received in exchange for equity share options granted based on the grant date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding
In
computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model
utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used
in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#x2019;s bet estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested option as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate
is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense
The
accounting guidance requires the use of a valuation model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes
Options to purchase an aggregate of
886
190 shares were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2021. No options were exercised in the year ended March 31
 2020.





New
    Accounting Pronouncements:
All new accounting pronouncements issued
but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s financial statements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021









    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2019
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2020
886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(886
190
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2021
    
    
    
  







Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021









    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
(32
693
(13
106

    
    
    

    
1
050
1
050

    
31
643
12
056

    
    
    
  






    
March
    31

    2021
March
    31

    2020

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
(478
792
(447
149

    
478
792
447
149

    
    
    
  



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
























Feb. 08
 2021
May 06
 2013
Aug. 08
 2007
Jul. 25
 2014
Dec. 31
 2008
Dec. 19
 2007
Mar. 31
 2021
Aug. 18
 2020
Mar. 31
 2020
Nov. 27
 2019
Dec. 04
 2018
Aug. 27
 2018
Feb. 14
 2017
Jul. 15
 2016
Apr. 01
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
May 14
 2013
Oct. 19
 2007











































000
000





































Preferred stock
 outstanding (in Shares)






































Number of shares acquired
 Value













362

























































000







Common stock outstanding
 percentage






























































































































000







































000





























May 2013 Note [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]















































































































000







































000





Debt interest rate
 percentage






































Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]





















































































000







































000































Debt interest rate
 percentage






































Note 2014 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member] | Amended and Restated [Member]





















































































000































Note 2016 Due on August 31
 2015 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]











































































































000









July 2016 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]









































































































000











Debt interest rate
 percentage






































February 2017 Note Due on August 31
 2017 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]







































































































000













Debt interest rate
 percentage






































August 2018 Note Due on August 31
 2019 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]





































































































000















Debt interest rate
 percentage






































November 2019 Note Due on August 31
 2020 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]

































































































000


000

















Debt interest rate
 percentage






































August 2020 Note Due on August 31
 2021 [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]





























































































000























Debt interest rate
 percentage






















































































































000
000





















































































































000
000

























































































































200







































811







































030

































Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | December Notes [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]



















































































000















































































































Debt interest rate
 percentage




















































































































Preferred stock
 outstanding (in Shares)


















































407
540



























Preferred stock
 shares subscribed but unissued (in Shares)


































































































































































































Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]




















































































































Series A Preferred Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]




































































































































































































299.84









































































000
000

















190

























Number of shares acquired
 Value






































Common stock outstanding
 percentage






































Common Stock [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member]

















































































509
440



































Number of shares acquired
 Value



000










































































Common Stock [Member] | Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC [Member] | Business Combination [Member]













































































Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage


























































































































479
250







































820







































000

































Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member]



















































































509
440







































928
000

































Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | R and R Biotech Partners
 LLC [Member] | Business Combination [Member]













































































Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage






































Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member]



















































































377
360







































481
510

































Common Stock [Member] | Stock Purchase Agreement [Member] | Moyo Partners
 LLC [Member] | Business Combination [Member]













































































Common stock issued and outstanding
 percentage










































Common stock outstanding
 percentage.


































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























The number of nonredeemable preferred stock (shares) (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) allocated to investors to buy shares of a new issue of preferred stock before they are offered to the public. When stock is sold on a subscription basis
 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.










































































































































































































Number of shares issued during the period related to Restricted Stock Awards
 net of any shares forfeited.

























































Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











652
849







973







680)


411)







190





000


000



















190
























































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020















000


000



Stock options
 description



990 shares of common stock for the exercise of 886
900 non-qualified stock options at exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share in exchange for $8
363 in cash.























Stock options
 description

990 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vet on their six month anniversary.








































049




































Stock options
 description.
















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Outstanding at beginning
 Shares

190


190



Outstanding at beginning
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Outstanding at beginning
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Granted
 Shares






Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Granted
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Exercised
 Shares

190)





Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Exercised
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Forfeited
 Shares






Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Forfeited
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Expired
 Shares






Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Expired
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)






Outstanding at ending
 Shares



190



Outstanding at ending
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






Outstanding at ending
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)










Exercised
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years).




























Expired
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years).




























Forfeited
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years).




















































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Dec. 04
 2018
Jul. 15
 2016
May 14
 2013
Aug. 18
 2020
Nov. 27
 2019
Aug. 27
 2018
Feb. 14
 2017
Dec. 31
 2015
Jul. 25
 2014
Apr. 01
 2016






















































000























000

















Term of notes
 description













































































































000














































000























  2015





































































000























  2015



































































000









































































000





















































000














































  2017















































































000














































  2017



































































000














































  2019



























































000














































  2019













































































000














































  2020



































































000














































  2021









































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in YYYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


















280
000


129
000





015
000 of the net operating loss carryforwards before they will expire through the year 2037 and approximately $265
000 of net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried-forward indefinitely subject to limitation. In addition
 the utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 due to the past changes in ownership of the Company. The benefits of these NOLs may be reduced in the future if the Company is successful in establishing a new business. The Company&#x2019;s federal and state income tax returns for the years 2017 through 2021 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











693)


106)












050


050





643


056








































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











792)


149)





792)


149)





792


149











































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











000


000



































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















436







































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

2.\LWHNSYKC%MQ9(X:(..1O
GEE.BGYCXD;WAZI@-$@Q_F



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O6

MT=)(@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_
M::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E

MH5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'



M?$R




 U[F
M$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+
M!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'5

M


#3


.9!L.HT)%:
)4I-[1C&7U
MI

X$#.@NQ^CV
M#EL9'XBX1KYWA;+O0I!(SO\WY1=(^R?A8_M\!7=0W37P%U+;_PB];[A\R^E

MA!8QC61 8O1



T65=;P@426(*:;=SM=FR22I_'M7Q^Q@(N8/$Q6]LK
ML_Q0Q





[V]&Y
QHM
_X#[&A5*+7)$[%6-M(N;W2=1%N:$+$9;:E*7SSG/&$


LES&+*4/'(D\20A_NZ9QMA]K




R6#1!4M12+9
DK@5UFI0F(9OF99YCMMF
QP$@ZQR\Q=#&$*33P7UHZ+B_HY?<1ZVE*-\?C<-]
MSR368M4VZ.A'([5ZGX'Q](6E L7T&?R
2P^RP

RYX;6RE5EUOVC 4_2M6M(=6ZL@G

07TO


$2KZEZ




$%     @



M5ZTET


MA'@UD_MLXG@&$I8:J- \6\+<RA+(X08OQM-I]W2.!Z.]^I?;.P8RPM5
!?E
M+Y;I8N(

_/5UHJ@%/12LB5N3[&B0UZ57DBCPO;LG%I\]C5^
^QMI=-IJS6C
X

M ZA%$RMJ+NIVZH=IZD=C=WN8EE.S* DCK[5ZAQRWR'$O\CW7($%I G4:+@D'
MW059R\2'D.DH28X8.ZP2+_6[&9.6

8!T@JJ 2L Y@E61+
M^UYFK-QHR

L@#G#HE[B6]08I8





QWRG
E;0I0!RE^=$?+^G&=]/



MTB6%%2 LM3^(52H])XI



09

+ E+
M;W2@

IM/<#QV7XXSTK97H@C')[:/;3M;E#@!RWA<70QQ@%06UW(J%?2^A?

%TJPQYTI5..?Z2!M


+&
WS6[$3PL!8\_$@71)XM [U45V0@O*@+AJV D1=Y[2[8




MHNTL]D-DEWM4RST:4.[C*K%)-FJO
 [AJ*

J^E'0+!/WZ 7??/#1:WQBNOUF=*VAWFVD.<3A

9\1ZB]9T_\!4$L#!!0    (


MK5=;;^HX$/XK5K0/N]*VB7



M8.-S84$W6ZD7S'XW)1M8@GQ.YUR]F25*2&-(!&4)XK#N&0-\
\(=K9!)O%#8
MBZ-GI$U9






M4

M/OR))M/98#;Z=B7 1V4:-X=7B!U) M!56B7;&W!)=603)N$0YRNT@(CHE)@3












)@E*BYHP$<M92YI[G#T)N<?55H6_(
6*4Y+



$2$-$TO))W&.H^*TA*]@

MKS?J\D]_^_W+W1_L[N;\Z^WY!=K@+;_R0IZ:8;R#O%B+^32=2@);#I#DS.XP

\[@V P.@OZP]XAS^<@/_D34@*I%T UQ_4,68T
MOQ=)*?FK;J\7\@P
BL9[K5R8\;3^#=4?HFVA'$TC^IEWXD-24J4=B.A_EF2X
MUIV0&8M6@=%M1QSZQ32C 2-F%X1.(43LZ$ UM 1.A]HXP8]LZP:A@;HT
M





DEX+HHX



K
@.*
MT*67O6*C)OM)?QCTCGN4?^ @+;$

_W].I
8@9DT/COP!.(
MQG[M\LOH/\&Z

KD'F9=I9=K


M
Q5&IP'AL8:GV66JTSEL3%^(E7F;T#UP &K=%NI'.F:I85R)#R!-6#//TU



R16;IEMZX*CC



1N3


IF)
MKZ[Y9_A$);9/+/R@*KEPF;0OQ-8JT;KM-7/\AHH-%79+[WKJ4R-6E6QE+C\'


M
BH
^8U




&[Y:'F^6I:A4Y\2%C2YRKM1G5$B&R




M-5^\G-NQU.24!$(3HF0[T;A#
@98I%8TV:PA.22C'5 PUB+.X:V95A@V#'20

!:&:L;[P.^4#=M


L\JE]#72K0SHFJ:EI





.G? )SXI
MI2D5[@'+?R^A <?=W+;'K#:J5B9HOE%Z#]<
:0\M$F%I3U=_S'F(A68_
M(&92N((V0@FN%I#! ,1#!K#N_[56KK. ;;^M-50_57E6)+$Y\RW^3$QE]

;(U)E?2UF1K1.6KJEQDS=B\.QQO%&T^

PJ


L

6%N(M3O2%I-ZJBNQK3GQ5W5O@VS?V.2NH%??D-TX.TJ738-
MJE'R4,)\5H5$9N\?]<C-/5,V*)X]S<\K,CC7WGX^V)8P;]+;R\_[O7]_PMS
MZK
2YK:VXLO[^:84+^?G+7

\G'Y;;FQ']+
M?*?#

/]L)X


3TJ.62NI!Y)CMS[/S(?O?OG$W W5NZN/
MYW_P6SSW3R2:EP_
_@IN$.(YNTSE9
2
0

OI0Y&X;[&W8#






7*
M;??9R0Q*@UW2$6JKQ9_

&;
M^YD8




MP\U9(0-)N'#?


^5HC'Z,9:R*0BWH3[Q])S4.@.^GJS-?L )
M_*_SO/\?4$L#!!0    ( ):*W%+9:$=K$@T  


M






PJ5(U$E2X$@:-G)^?GHQ<7Q[SX
MV8O)Z.P$V^'W4IJ@W(RSH5<(&L$$B4%'80&,#@LU(\CF,/6=S01+ZA)E@3S:
MR/N!CRB=[6!!71T% D+##4BUYZ846I95%-S:







MQP3#++OUOFW+2Q1&1RW*33*0*$C/ESK.GYE']J3H9[TXH 7U98#A
8X!W-E3




W+*


4WJ!YEYM$%HV-.3%O*L'X2=K2*41Y1^^I
A
MJ8RF45UDQ)WF(*(8#6F79\(@(\WP(8=8 I
A_




M:E_&]_B6-36/

IH+
[2/
M6M@TML#[5!UT864QBG(Y%D% I?V#B3OK$,_YH7K/CJ[8FH#D$\D[/_2OT&
MDL<\W521D1A+SD@YV56\#P')!#?@94S]+QQEA'P@TWP414%)!I=Y-@!WX


)17
IT5'-\#K&J


#ASII2N
&4F-SE\O$NGI\%Y
MB0
'&FK# ZB&

M='#Z^;TIYO2!:8Y.B
J'GADRZ# 24M&ER\J&^97
@KA]&.4KMD%UY(/6RM)Q

WEX^C-H[SM1&#









5=.W)17C/#9E





Y33JO:E@+(TF+2


MIE A5;* OC_T_=!ZLJ
02G*D
Z:0\
GPK6H=_SPHL$
X-YS9ND;?5]MP;W
MA-K0Y\C_T:M*RHY=)J;1:5B*%-J[F8@E40




M;-5:;6_;.!+^SE]!^/8.+:#U6YR7;I



A<7_313KV  ;[B;$JRB8#@DC(]%_V+8M#:<))?\.$839AZ'GCAS*


$
%5)8

*K29==0DG*L8+2B9LY@!OJ^5%$$
M\QZM\K_2)
Y


M+
.W<!QH*-FPL0F5;&( U]S@
7
MUY^.AXYFZ!ML32R%U8!_(6?4K@*7\F5%1
#BX1S8 )G5$HJ.0[S,HZ1G6W



M#A(?6#7C&6EX@*G5UXHK YBZQJ.@NT5V;0H$4Z()H$Z+6SB=@7ZTGI.2XFZ
M$3WEWVSZ&?F[$8_]5P-)N4!%%[%F@A]U]1!6E7!\#VA.\ICDJQJ(B#OP.
C6=<G=4
M((\\MCR:0$K


YD;G$-6C941Z='&.H8!7(.A ;X2CN6;AQZC]8V)XN'8=&
M(3U+OLG*]V]0






MI2^'F3:$F:R


M-2ID?5_VE


*]7:(.O=BHE[8PU

(MTS
;Y?P%02P,$%     @ EHK<4@&)
MY: ?!0  D L  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

%@EO#K*]K;I9G(/7BN)?T5A_N
MQ*QR]&%X<C3G,[@']^O\UN!NV%DI1 W*JV8@?*X=YH<GHU)/@C\)F!AU]:
M


MZKF32Y7K&M@#?P)[-'1HD;X/\U;[K-%.W]!.4G:EE:LLNU %%
\-##&4+IYT


MN&1I\N
.XY:56F([VL

^

)*V'+DGZ\%S?_H_.*


M/!-2. %OH/ZST=9N4C^
KC%6'
-82W(F22[GQBQQ)B^X*2R!/YY
^Y.#M*G$

#+
B4%6GI'HP C#P=-7PTBXL:F]!<8&V!?95(@
M%PHR9(BW$#+8  0*!#8%:N2.QSM4K):HU<IOE'$^%4QI1W+ *UQ*?Z!@D(0


MLC:

I)D4F.&K+0=()M#VT.E!R&NL



Z#
:=VTG/



ML7_UN5
N6V9PJO)?(K'9
+@)(


I8

MRE0:X?=X:ZRFO^;/A:B])FK/1^V]%_5NN5QLEO/59@WCU0RF=ZO-8O5MOIHN





M/P!=MWA]L*KT;;55EIK4;S.:BJB= ]VG2MG3P05HYNSH!5!+ P04     6

M9



M

7;P/^
JQ-0=M

K6-@]+O!#RB$(R(9USUG





MZ;0D#L S%]TS348'Y4$8*KZT'*IO/Q8,M-!GT?3:#R?O0'2FRQYL[Q?FTF
M






M0=-N'Q;[0

MZ


BL5*/Q@U-\8II.I:!U
IZU3I':6Q35L$65HQ



K!6
.;2!.6#J!DMERW$


P\C1ZA
&EW







=F&FLF^SGF8PO'\1(%*
M


77D3N2Y*7E$#6ZD'^)UJ


4=6!P

\W**=AD@';/FY2)[^2R?26+<:6E1K7(EM



MOA48Q G

#S\$G)CD(S7K&CV3
XVF7%XR*.Y4E 

M\#+#T_R=4FVJC$=ZW/)G'$V(4:%].ED^#)H@8(8 Z&3N0!C-_1(.E*O6%4
M

0R4Z0NY6JJ#:Y_$]NA6MXYZ.:/RD





GE('H4S+12UWTLB3 &UO_19XN9LU*#<-+
RE /A%
M*@9Q[Q9V+$37OI=@SWB


D5):VFWI%ZAU%[FH-

M7P.A48_6%YC(?/U FM#: C=VMHA%[L#=.J
;%T:C^N]MM:0_&'_JW&IX0E_
M@QZ]
@==WNZW#'RE2:;=S0GOI$?148Y2J\B[APR0YZ:?^.OMB-X32/S)]=NZ



 -VR?SR%T_]A
AX


O+O\NU$_Y3N@WRUG^)N#Y3+0@IVH%]VTF
-]8QCC(HIL'(Q(&'GO



$%     @


M53)#IEKYNE+(4N=4%GX4!




4
U87YEJN/V*;SY'E2V2AW3^L&^R0%)-:&UFVSF277#1?


76

(


M;U@+TW17M]O-IO.F)9_@S6 CU147&@K
R#7HGQQYH)IAT1A&5JY!E])0N[ME
M3O





/ZL
(.&TCMNKM?HUU7NG
M$.+PPZJ?




M)$KB'7B=)M%.A=?Y


MMA[&]8;
O!J $T
\3JMESM\OM-Z WT^-H?7&$S1?Q/%?4$L#!!0    ( ):*



O1W\M%DIV.GO)\]7$\SJ(G

Y.RK_=\;.3M
@7


STY6X9P]L/SWU1T7K\8;+[-X

-
W:9+OX3S_*GTU$P0C/V
M&!:+_#Y]^









M/^F*WB)V.1J=
?[



]:?-0630@
MD:B9.&'3'



K7@:
3;+.A=
M*43OY\)%F#5
M4F/58'A\JEV8E@VXM-2XW%JBGS0.=1*U&OFK&I4'EZCXW/F2)3.!?9$D(#DW
MAW(.


ML$


ML+7=VR8U=GW5#-_ 2@BM7X3DH($R#ON,($=CMJ=AN(\-II[\):BOUW0+.C
Z %1WF-,K%_CH[G]^Y6Y[@.4
MRUPURZJ]];N1T]AQM#YG#.V%*.G:\)BZIIU[S#&\=(P^#*!5RY:ERU3JZB
,*MW#VCIJ6FY=;IQH7&H2S<\ *FG7HL_,!Z+#CY'<G!^.C7
M:YRV#[/#Z0$;/1T;=[YC\6OMVGV;AO0





MB


A?5T%'^HR?@B^:KD?

&6!#54[&709BAU
77ZDFL*'*6:
M8ZCM)7M)VSNBBM

M-6UO*1 GL/IJU+CT?[ +JQ/:OK#JJ2XVX^:3 #NDL$.M!PEN/ Z A\F(6[<

M










MK=5

%+I
$EXQ15B&%IR2

*'R%)VAN^4U.GEW.G&59C!*;M+$NZKC!4?B^0&ZX4SE$GU@*:1O

#J#?[EA#Y\T2KH

MCNAA&SWLC7ZOSZW)
\$E49CV$=1X0Y!& ['HT$W0-01+T 7_7M1[F4(+MB
M1@=9G_EA&


-L^

[5$O3H?=

M]
Y'FD?4U;GN*%[: K?B2I=+V\SUBP:$
=#?UUSOU:9C K1OI-EO4$L#!!0
M   ( ):*W%( 9'^([P
  



Z_VS'BK]+W)$2T\B$*:BTYN[?I=$)@T1\%

&N-+/


R8




E

#'V2&V1'\

M?
E_2N#G&X+!M45A_FQ1VFN4]KS2W@M*KQC7L&%%B73WV:Y7!T+9$4R\3N
M =I

ME@P2MYTRDW=;$CUH CEH=?YGLOO7QNXJK+_4=G^^1;% W59/YXV:\V]7Q
-&
MZ?#_*Y++=JY_%DE;QBF53%)YD(.42R8S*B1IJ%

M\(B
*@RUH!YA\W]9-%V8*^%KTS[1PX7 C#.+Q:.W2-&QWI]6SFW06/KKA]]#
MN:;=]M,IN@1KO8UNEF#TDBB%DB-NFI


MKUU__WWBX93N^TP5!2


MS?QG3N
V:B= YTNE[&[A%#0#_.1O4$L#!!0    ( ):*W%)\?XB9^0
  *(5




M/1P[GHX(8@BDAB#J9P
SB&.-I.+X68 ZI4]M6&_OT+\;\HK
@@B8L?@'#64T
M=H8.F%)UK%\8MO?H!TI?$%@OS'VV+N9Z#@K60+F
500)3?-?\E(DHF:

_
+ /]:@5QCT#-$\
D/KCD@R&7&V15S/5FBZ87)CK!4;FNIEG$NNGE)E
M)R=SR8+GB
5KVKJ+\A%(B(<Q


=\_@]0[E^]@\_GN[


A+ V%%?


CI%^I.-^N




2YX;6R]FEUOXC@4AJ]G?X6%=J49:0;BC_ Q
MHD@M+?WN5M.9W8O17AAP(9HD9AT#1=H?OW9(8V@3)X647K0)Y#WG..?U8Y?0


)\OCVJP]OS-V\RE?J%
M1J\[HQ/VP.2/V;U09XTTRM@+6!AY/ 2/1[5CN'7:Q=K07S%7QY;1AO'0 ]E

M8GWN_^V-Y?2HUJZ!


'


MB3SKSEW8Y0

?2:4:V!6VQO*
MXZG146IT%

M@(;A/

&!M'F46A-]T7

MH [=@\XH VUH)VT5
ZKYIO4$&@Q#.SZ+K6/7O\$ZAL30CF*UB8O;'F_BUDM3
M&2
8LL*#HA49M([6H_'QJ.6/Y^YA*])B?
;S


CIF0E^@WG_D

  '



MHH5U(Z291[6U[=LX-D6-#3
CU:*DG4KIAEF:ZF5L6HVL#$Z-B+

MS
+:K5[

?A

E-.8\23P@%%M8C
/KW

M/A./5RAAPE]8=;;C202%
U8UO3

#6++47QMG'1(UYVB-D!Q#2##TK:VLOLL3R*4!,
M] :.V9;C9784\0/3(QBG)Y E6;J'T-6/NR='Z(R'DHT#WOB[)8-K;@JAC-,(
M?UWDQFHZE7\?7$ZA#@-(4X/A'B/)6HFP%AFG55Z YI9:E+ND!IZ7KMZ\MQ
MSP=)<G/1\A-!G*3HT ?25M(18@1ETN@] T43!-'TI05TZ79QZV#G 9(KRR/

M#
D?E [!*K UPI5J6B8WO[F???3.DO2-^^H1'0GN'18/N?!9!F\GQ0T_63



M.?$76)%K
CHCH='=$]]-K&K#*YDK2V]N&-;T583:&]!^I93=3GR X3MK\0U0
M2P

M965T
C

:-I#IP=AK[$G


M5+[
/A
))@J?\FVMG4L$A5*
MB[QV1@9YQJLGW=5Q.'!P@S,.7NW@G3KTSSCXM8-?JV8E;)NJ*;A6(HMD<8:

X[DMA.9_[^YT
MT/&;8/LEGG\&[W]C^GVZ5%IBQ?_H(-%O2/1+$OTS)&[QMDA#?'3UQ1(X))DV
MF;^#&1E;?FKD(


JCUIP
M7Y'PW:!_6DFOK5S/&9PII%'#==3)=1KI@K+V
FJCVHGV#^7S=IQ*KGW0[G.0


M;]HP$/TK5K0/K32:$ *T*$1:0=LJ;1




M3KUKCV6XAITP][+ZCDT_0\N72J'=+ZN:VL!CZ4X;F3=@4I#SHK[H?'A-/
M3@#!A!^%#!H  /7:*W
M34' TFL9










UC2URTZ(4&C:6N%8I;G^M0)IN05-Z6G@4AQK#
M BORAA]@_C4;*RWV$BIA +MA-'$PGY!E^GM:A;\H\




;T\M.Z:VR


/#V
?!\W1GUUH&[7]HIWS86)FSR
!H62FW0DQ!NL





2::IV!9M:_^8=_G5BI.K
M?R79_5?9%1S4V!R*QR[R\BV(3(]?9)(=O\;F:G)T(N/F:-PZ?Y^=OJTU@EO.

M&U!+ P04     6BMQ2EXJ['

 ?0(8@S9?$6!/D!5J(/V!(%BD6=OZ_:I7&0QEY/3P2W!YI
M0.TXI+:+J1C]$%)I6M6X 4BV)8]ISI%KM0L'C6'TD!$VV-#L%HL/D N&6:W

MY]



-H\]+]=$B_4_Z11;C8LA[G
FPJ$Z?*H@%M


M!/9'UJPU_&SLZ7?];%%=

SF[-9[[OGKB8/G

M).]ADM_)'$RZ3RI)8*MX

G(Q?:I) ZMFN+\/S'7J?44)
M[)C#=)C-##LO&A?39YPTL'&\F



9QN[$#TF+_F-&
M_R'FZA=02P




M?- :@M;A@S80M D?M(6@;?B@!(*2\$$[-J%#]I#T#Y\T &#N&#*$898P%)



M//^=5/OQ63
?/RV?FXMW?
)9PU^#TR]02P

M*!$  !


MW0!;Z((?



MI5/VO

M[*1#N_.SP;[O=0TAJ JRN0SI11JL8AO-8MIJB$6_Q(F
KJY594K5P9;BN@#
MRHV 


M*F055

M% 
















YX;6Q02P$% 
4     6


%   9



4     6BMQ2B+Y.2T(-  !J






M971S+W-H965T


M% 
MST P  <PD  !D              (!







4     6BMQ2JJ_EG/X!  !!!

M 0(4 Q0    ( ):*W%+\ =LA( 




M Q0    ( ):*W%+_Y+WC0@$  $40   :                :&?  !X;]?

*B      $!
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-21-034501-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( ):*W%((9/@0X5@  !:B P 1    ;G1W;BTR
#(Q
#
S
2YX



IB
#ML='!K
MW7^ 'PB
8$PG:487OWPKZ]?;D9W /]^P#29F5/47[$R3XZ]/

MX4]O''TZ










-K?/^48J

M-JKP#8S]CEY

+01^@/G\US^



JAQ&?$L&-#<P WPB#*K PDE]J#,OC6*,XW?M*V(=@VLH.
M;IB#

M'#
MNIF$_)GE$?(G'KLTC[Q;SW$'=S:#/R)/Z9.8@%;BN3GQ+
ZB[?1V:&$]


M&K&.U99(8-*(5K+




FI%R#!P ?OWM6



MKU2*M$.*U*FG*M)KZM&RHUTBJN8H.Z4KZHJZ4L395%I36&LJ1[-+RM.(MB$J




1M.95VT&+?2#!OYEM@2\XT^]9[!CP[HMDGH[Z:2AN


)^Q#2VD+'LYVHT
MM$Q.'?VQ*KH\J90&'-A*Z:^4-D.]NMC;QD5O8%526$GA:N:2Y#?N0Q$MHBY
M[*EY.F


M__?WK[^U_]___==HYCW^8;;[X[^[][=_S
UO)][#SUV[W_VU\9]O@[EC=.]'




M/?^E9_5;O_X^-L;_







=K*A'
S/5#,._O3KW
MO*[M,7F:RB+HGH*!OL6R/ZS;3VX=WBN5S/S(SG1#<R6^)PB<C=@52O.MT
M;M(@H3K0#85DBPSM=AU4(@-(]D7(2&CB5K7/^[)Q3AOM


M.DLC+0K$


MB.@IIHXWM/\Q3,)(&7,1CIHFO/3F_.+,W#UK4ZKV6W5([3(F.YP44.NO%D


M?T0

ML]







MP-



[T)+XL3%( AKQ$Z#1:JIH)0ES-+IB+.P:F[(OEE$*&_3@=
M(C



M0B:V/@E6 FBQX)4KU%H)H%X

H_'RHT8G!ES
?

!BE
M(!1;X


M!



M9NI_DU
YMDS'


MCV;D[8;RWX;[::8X[MQ@/_WW7Y[E?IK FQ\5M3YSE8$^!?-^P1Z4:VNJF37^
M14V!/$??%)P@GW-T&_-CPK6UO3)_),RU;+S[YKS3XJ
$;PQ=!R76M*W_%Y
M_OL6_C'X? L [$^TJ6[



M_LWR[/0?/4?^3;'LR*\+/F1]\J#YBBZ!!+\06?




N!P/#!E#+:%&C?@\4+@J,( +MMUD%@S,H0UN<CEK*G
3;H<CFT2W();K9Q8$7GXD:+-\6?+7FEN+W):XI7[X<@WH%
M&@U:,4#8HBJ#39.X\WM(J861XF.CVIU35_A/]?*9QVT$6S#PE2!A?2GVELR
MES1JQ$R/+










MF68HVA03

M&D.5GJKB9PDT((?&%_R0H51S4WR_JC2ZK1K$PVD*5[&='F,.:'FW$%,,?I
MH'3
X@1@B(1H]-HU^K-.KD@?,AF4\A#D;XA@'M#S4#7]+H]4*H#.K)-#'RO
M#I1?L6$ S\YG,PMY2?$PRO)G2[/'2/$3T.V1:X'T1 (T^GTQ+07=D^#W#+:

P$ ;JEA
D_ $2C@DJYNJ$$




D$0IH H

MKGM-C?:(3/M8,-%U.3Y7H'BI6!=6[GD\1(OX;UMA-6WPAR/CE
DEH
GMDC
MF\Y$^F*+^SN(87)&?
/X38)*ZUV#Q\JM=YWWBDACX%?/YKN:CD9D\=5^LTD&


F )V

BX%KU5VQ1DH42\I=[[6ZWV0VM:2W(
MH3#LF6'8TU4&-C !2;V-%S6OK;&0%V_-H+_*-?
Q






M)K(]LL

M=[:CC@UAPIFXFJ?BQ'?2X$_X=F!\1$82=8D 99(EFHG#10$

MF








MK4!^'=QN@ 444K.8E3W@1SXH0 ESR\C^L6!\@ADB*X/6U@!*63M0)) 6#Y;]



W;

MRL[[=G[!RG=+LO*^RB\8^=XKIGNLSX;:*Y78O45B]U\QL7G.+FC=K0EZK^U-
D-.PE3KQ'#)T?Q6
G

DBY!
MB/4^YOBG]%FFW75^)WOQZ(TWY ?#(_V/Y7Y#_'@S=3DS@H/4O&N#-P0IT1&1

MT[&3NKA?*];K
4ZHFDP/
JHD2IQD8M3%V(*_DT!D_XTA\_V?X]GW^CW^A3TM




J+UN]6XQ#^%
W_*FDS;(\K$:;R@3L9JP?1O).&6X$1&=4T6\P
?,1F#H_D;B


;V#U(*O#3XL7(_])G_V^U($52;G(

M*N%.YDU@5']SV*E';W/
AC#E9NDR1+*7BM\UW@
H[DOQSSQ\

%*%K#1;34R/4#<I<E8






GGCLTN1;3P9XK=^E&7E*GZ0RN=LH
M5.!:2V0;Q-J=P3E=KK-P75^RGQ3]@O)?!ON;









ABX$C;




X-^]MLE*+S-/
SBT2E9[+%Q:XDSBL@
M
%VI#'')KMR


6;5,G)7I:B^! !XQ1XAR %U @NE/;F#2L$1+_
M4GJ\$<\-'^/R_X Z9^@@$Z#B<\YM*4C [P?X/49Y.4FWG5/S+*IJ10(!9X=

]@
XTW*R)80#R0=XQN)30I-N'L3[0+HF\
J+GAC1E1

M^0Z(0-%3CD3C*GIF6\C5WT&9J -VD+81LK)@B683D.-[%OU7:[UNGQEIEO
M.XU:2X77@44SKL+&G-JTR




MLAF
/H..@4JXD0#S$'.LV6


4G3BEUCH^


3*


MJ@&-L;P+C_)::Z_7J:G].GZQC:(LJVCMW8L ]N2^HL6HOFR:(=#E5/.!;]9
M;M


ML707(@W;GL-C#Q3F^&Z6.R3^'/@#2

[++KB4*B/RW(7
?:#=$

_A
MUS1HO


*R9YF$[77P$2;C)-V*$V(#X2.(@X/9+P+C]




MG5?13;]#B&'?5*Z;#?(T*XT8T:;4B[W0/))JCY)CA_04G:V?4?;WQ+U];A
MZH

M7O6B Q9\S4.NU:!=(C$1'3Y'R :FX'#9FK&'$LM^  822 ?!ER+S_(ZC]?

&/O(C-@'$B\:
:
M3C);:-4



?)X(&R
$13J:L@C4


1L:6:Q




M0=



Y3N0

MP?[FL

M)]C$@7HX4(5R7I497ZA3RFI+\HS+C%5CDJHQ27IC$I$#Y3!WBZF%G[!=
9O?

M O6;$//LRYMR%1KIVJ6Z 63WE8+HBY2HH$(L@#B

VP&S

Z-C3''5T&?]
T^W?\ S*5RX]B#]_H?+O+]J_

%/W!V98[#[F #?
#

-8_EKS
MDD/TT7BK)FM&F-%HRMLV;2L
SBY1(PTK.-D?;&H(@V6;B4($PF'YP3RD;J.1



&O#G\)M(HQ)])GT[96 =79,RE[BS!KQP]49AIUW\0S6=H&S$FTWX1AY=\
M<,?3/?,](*BJHS\J=#X''C1UW&FLV?.U=S#AX@PA+
TC_PM\#HSOTSBL[^G
*;'[6CD13D;(GRC747#




M+H%BL'YL


M:Y)\LZLX3(.WUDG'6N@0#%VS6S]0VTF'/^KB1FT\


ML\MM'$Z8





M*%8H[K#;JC9Z52@^:Q2K@XAKY0'5!IJ*S!697QZ9JX.(U4'$Y0A6!Q$+QQO/
M9


M@SXZ'TW=^.F-:WOLS8?#54%U5H*UL#ZLC B=#A

E1$I)^)=8=J-1KRY^N@D6\N5

MZ]

[\<OSIO6)8F@FA\%NU7J_5ZW7L@^8YU!PP[,RFH;S2BCNV
M%)N!L,(/ECU73,ME)'.FW;.(-8=Z3/-4+0IS.12ZTUIX!#4=_@XXH$X*#*8

MYKB\3RCX+VHBUSZH_T!=WS33]*8U9:;-J74:/#35(*C1W3F'04(/1M1&(QNG



H[*(V8QBV$=LQ?






/64';$@E+HK:%QS.Y
MS$MNXQ*-(M8U
'OK!$
;CX2$*1/

M)]._=\-F+G6Y5H1^U*):A0[=\75+



MN=BY7OG*'
=V!%JA*N/M$?BDF##Z Q*'0\-SP,87?1URMAC_$H $$7=T6YM
M1M4I)?!=6+[7X$BNNL RTV-%[ 09_P!1!E
.. GKE2 T:3WHF!8$(+R8BOY
M[9EEZ,=Y=\&#X'6;L0 ,:X&,$[ O.@H$B(U(MQG2[/'J$0G@GE B=G,0M\R
M5GZQX%&P2LHO!\H7-F:C[W-?!P$5A'C*%13BB(@OP9$-D'#T3DYXWT4-(9OH
MAD&#W&LCX-9
%B?(,(0G/+,!EX9+P(7

0]R21&TO
M'(4*3+YM@





MQ6S(F%D58XI:F*.VBIL8N22[*I&)BS)D$#$0O;%D;=B:!2=4+V!' +%V?V



IEE
P7^5
M6S[4WQRJ=?Q?B(P



K

MAZ]RQ-5

MH8(:TUU%8S9BK#?)H8(A4&'I\T.[





;=





@87Z0];EX4LNAA9C]'_(

OLCG(6M%UB1<5OJ!E@3\


M\!P8/UM'AYGD4;%7-KZ%)]@
71OJAN[J[#FOE*29V%56U3+74%8IO2U=5EEI



YV^


MRLRS'4\S TFA\YQX9_$U'H;WD$%CAA=OTYS-7@.((
G!3'


?_
(?(9#R0R^?BBS6!N$P\BVH%8..*R*B$M
M9$?P/O&IAGC/@
+XM.8!P^CZYMG
@# #]=IFMYZAT8%'S7/O+.I+2X8QO85H


O)PY@'C]..XTD'A!AX4
M;DC'H$N :O'0]Z4OZ5] T(\CVI9QAIT?T$\$&T^@@\6.G$%/GZ0L@%H1@.IQ
M@
!GK R0Z3Z8'R&VC#R;VKXTXX3U;MG])[?Z3VOQ=\'@/[&YWQECO[:I__'#
M
N6


M


MJ@]
YM)7U5QB!TFSWAIQU5NBZ@-3J6K5!^;EZ&K5!Z;J _.R]I[DBP6K/C#;
MYTS5!V:-


M)6?VBT*?W5L C##8X%*@#R^$CS&.%SX*$SA[_


XO?CZ].#X_O5DLHR===_
2R77BV5A+W M[



9@'CP/H<XA&@XM/#.NS,VM#UL6]7C
MAO%]I-63_R[:Y#D&E;&@G.#V!7(HWP<P0%C!31SK0<3SW#%$82_'6\ZY581

MX$(6U8!D

4926D


M*8

MVZ].@ P  .QM   1    ;G1W;BTR
#(Q
#
S


MA]+M_\J%M$)841@E]BH.T4-/ARU+8HZ C/9XV*(7KK#7U 1#5QWM%\J/3P\
MO+*@C[2H())[PB)2-:!B$10&*AN*(7[Z)PS]
%CJ/(&57;V=VO[K\OHIM.
^6_(=!
M5]L5\4;@Y+HJ#L*B5<E@]-;B&


R/OBX.XK



Z<OWG?+3NGO\K:1W&KUKC3Z]/J_T_

MK7K3J/XQO7X\OV:]$GZS




*WO(7D_+'41;S./752&6E



M&7ND?0FI4]N9@O!/4(9\;2BD[B=856]+D?L7JM%OBMS4T

M&*Y_(/\ZT!FWM#J#B/JK&
@555.Q7E6RZ\FT@X^9E\3A3+:_YI^/12!W8H
MS/=XXG#(X'I.6+2/\4A+EHCCRKFRXD+9'-&:GHF]U).$*TU2_RU#4%*QQ%]$

M]$1P;Q0


M

@+K8:QN


GU





L
U$2=

0)J6$DW.7
HTD'U8E TNT):%LI=V1#Z
R




]Z!
M4:_UKCQA#;#
VS0T8C




42^_&8!HE#740:9[&*K:=M




MS\GSTD'EG .PX^

.P-(83PL+

D$

M2

KJ*LPC'^+S3^%FN



M5)0(&1^0.!(NLG*T#.\CRO




+S?0C'

M1S.Y9Q%V&OP+!SO-]0)!7L:X/CG_VTUFG]SEA
Z1D@=EI
AH!TE?
OT*5P5C
M






M='=N+3(P
C$P
S
Q7V1E9BYX;6SM75MSVSBR?M]?X?6^G%-3'MO)9#-.)6=+




M%?@S2BC6A_1'AUP:A]E @)3STZV#49A


MT8.N2E?/$_&



MRM(TMABM&/I
60E1UN




MP&23TWH0M8Y

'XP5QK=X[05IA
M*0U (\=YM4K: XLS3HN826JQ%L/&DPE^$JW%W/6YL]+WL6#.Z
V:M^LP!8&]


OB$DO6UA8(RD G][)K1^:)?

M534 Z[37G@5MR7+NQM0R8# EL-&;3JOP:6_KP!ID+O'Y677MFZ E5.(2MB?&

SA-M-5?.P&H%20J=025

#B56)!WX




H1MV
M:D

MS- )ND[IR]R
F0@%G[L-'#5%Z8B3IZMHV5!LF]L=02TS;;N]4B(1$EV2CS#&
MNX*-YA9G16E9HP12V'*Q$N
CG=TY%F[?MT IYRZ4-;'M[$;$#WM
+@+VJU?[
M
9IDQ?Y
6K*5%-F(I+53HI ET3[ZP&.IDB
86I5W[X7HE49H)7+5.H
Y==W@
M=;ZL=@#A&51R O
'M@HX$$1#=.28UM+I#+GI6\/AVU# XX/'DM$#A\J
[:

MSGEQ=1J4_?0+






=W

:B
M;+#*(52C088=XC([+O+6#7Q'

GG* [LMI=
MC




0?6AK4@@9VIL%$FA61B$Z
M


?LF:WA

O



MA?:FL[(073G?5M?NSG76JCCI9M6LXP9E:;ZE V]WBKPT0


/T![ZV;B]6M(W(#

!8H*


W;PQY27.L$0X=D3N#':\GO8<5Z,C=FV48<JE=]P_KUFE?TNP^RV_FL,5785
M0L[OTV)6(@;3D:1.TEA)U-U;N0W*;^4POI7A:!)DX]4F :8!&B3-<\6?T0.



\1GZ2XO7(W
D-

MQYD-3
I0*F@Z4

^Y@]L]O+7)6<W^<R5XE8/KX$86E+.[DM8;NWT*F^














B2_N1D7
H3 [%DU)RB? 
Z0

W]C31?$O89/@3V<?P)G
M56T:[Q84)40@*:Q@HU5JZ@^LGG(@081MQD!&<=J?*S:1=


)SOYQE0923ZN*&_V($:1+6
_5JAFL&;=U:&WH#^:




/3G*=F(+%]EW\S?4JIZ[F[0&N+UQ%BTA/S]5/

(.[#


M/JNS&#Y$PVF4TBODPZF/$X143(Z0@-VK8K*Z%NO _+Z
8EI@V(]2QO \13=A


0;S8F;KXZ#





M+46NZWJM:I%A#3TG-K+_
H:);-\@0A8YV)= RT%@E96NSDI8MBG1)!:LIM
M



RZ*!#+UN

MBQ'-%)/;%:H0[







M$RBIDQP+8:)?JVU.TQGY:A&-!_XD]






2Y;$8:R





MIQHKB%!]IFO;UC!MJ='I-D?+!EYB$M !GN4+63:0O=3#FB[V I5S?0X^SK
M*/R2.H$_]A$SRX!GVAQ6EFNMMM.-A:=FT]E Y93G4E


MN)(NFZUVHA3:TG;%)+: FTQ&2
N'U

W6B([CHD)HP?GXKX


5N2[*&(!2U8;XY
8\IF8
&


T
MY90K&[MH


MLUJ^2_)T





M&-ZAB4_G5)C0*BF-
*DD:

M-Z4LSE*

'T2YGP27QP1_?H(4)L[)!T4H86=.0



C^K/_!U!+ P04


/81+M8A<F^ =P?(P6

ZY;_^$OCAQY63

M:S$T\5D#T;*G+_]Q=7GG;N#6.?;#)'5%V^0^-\GY,?+R'520DDI7( [ O_M
M.!]VC'\Z/GUU_/KTJ^?$^X+2#8_Q%$ ;^$:$

M



^L_(#)%-P4#%@;&-:%IH@* G$Y7QR-K^<+^<SRU+!YU15-#A8:LO'71JY
M'S=1X&M;/;;SD_W ]U+C6U



M



M^K
B]$DUT*5W

[W\NQZ*A'

Q=+6-J9-L+H+H*3&E9#0W-.@&$
&AHD_@28#
8KH$

M!5^.G0\W.V!-/)W8_@W=WL'


EQ- /F,D$1@Y VO9T&+$N\3_#H,XUU$*!_;);<<0)L6



G^6I/3NQ1

';N
G]V]+Y_G<3]P@2G;QL-XV
MT7YFA4P B?@Y')HRCGC$2T%5C:?Q?'Q;RE0!WZ48O7L:=4% G6Y(:_P=FCR

O6;FTS4M4%1 7GFT]%+T6BESVP YCY(-U D.2+ ER8BW/6V?/&



^0
M^I'N+_P 2E


M
M&5J7)3E)VAO

MI!@
Z&C[-Q.'*W6!8.&H?4=E=9UO(3JCL'.$.)W[$ ?.PF;U51$H8MG(YH!B






MV)'V0WR[A


IWNG[9;82A+0IH]G+T]
MFMVX30FE]4.-#POO9!

M]MGG0);%1\,=^JU:;KCJ]",I8[=N[CM5 :-N_56H$Z!U4-W%6C8'L
%SS



5UA#]AJ[T8H2W2W=.=:K+7\F+'; 9




MRS5E$FB+UL3S?%P9S EN'-^;AU/GP4^=H++A


]T


USF5WY*YI^O


PJ 6!

<J_;-2*:
M3*AG<-20T.[RAIUO-*1POHO1N4:KU9#8YS5\(O\RC!H[6PA7*D$&
\R)4G0


105O)P0*
M$LHB5N]6EOZ9P@OU:'R2#]G7+NI(
ZBO2QJ9-LD

M$'M%P_L)SG$4=/KNZ:C1 






2:T2

MV:8,'DAFMD2$/OTYG;Q?GX^.P=G'\#%_'IR/1V]@:H@&PH&JHQF^N4A(A=










0AUM3/N






F?

$9A%!Z78W.9M=JG6X/AJ+)I4EW
[^$6UF,P_/LX*.:,$M++!






:5LC55F3
.94:!E0K&5%?K

M3(
V^BKW- H?$9]\W &7[$EWH#N?#I0W(=S21G1:#)*J^+EDE90C@98R)%38



MH.7^DL6ZNNU WC'.9N;O'AXH4O'+IX&MXT& -1\V7X9SS=NH]
S
VZ@TQ


M&YD(=W4@FS+8.(J 7G.-/&*'.4G=4+GKM _K'8IV(7CEVHLKTJI$H4&B*$

Q)S7IF -=^M$:%





M[

M;U\^#]/8#Q/?)?(Y7+QP$&@M1

M





!AT+2,@!^@H=^)8[?WGR<\'




MW$Z7 
2-/B?TJ7?VO(M

M'*#Q=I]9R-A5%1PABAT

4ZAG$KZ0GP-GR:NBP.=V*<51R'Z

:+]!;-Z@





Z;1@!P3!%Z^*!JK< 89[Z0 07C^9CJ*1/G
MT5+D
[I[??QF^^_?G5?]XM]TGP[:/[Z23X









U)(:&

MV\MIB]M;LH1I[5T


O

N8-Q;)(*&^T!L#UZ=G+XFZA]#




^S(48.(I;U2D/1\)YL-^.0K!8L

ZC



PV74F
MPVJD(\=SP$A)'ZET@(/2_V:V59\R'S3QJ[V,@Z.02(Q]9;6G+8B%E4*.R
M2@


MXH2/N(X!S4X_:)4(+%EB'%DEDNQ@3E8)+ZED'#DEW&QA!1)HGC457;?:=VG

$W4@$9^5VKA?I(L8;)8OA:2TV
M:.8(

M)CUL#HBAF27(61TGK7:7H
HJ-F
R;)#4LJA&8/XJLT@F

'K[I<I71?-
%2.H);.
5F@:7I$)31W\LGW4-



PKKK0*0@L'/_ZQ'(C$

SM$B35)/DQ:WY--LD$YP#_

NIOI5U1?QO1/ZGTA14B25213XGI
5






DDY)$E^6




X%5&JTT7[HC^'L?](C/UI%!*OW\ VJW!#







&

M0?\'W
6!2+'8%\.9M!XH%065%







70$
M'H-;^(3T-[!UGOWM;@MLB3V'KB9I4H6Q-;IUD_Q@9Q&8 6!GR38I%GMD84#
M$(Q^NO^C\Q E/Z O$\U BCXQ?5;[P'E*OK(6UVU#H2:_6Y-W@-H,4B$@(*T$
M.:Q9NOJ

R7\#D]] 9P)/^<S]QT=VV
MBXGSU2F37A[(?*L2;X\.6'1!F-=[ H77)\&?$^11I9X%[I(%;02^ZJ#O(C


VC'!XI0Y8;?%J16SV ]^@\(R813G1UDB1R?<*6)S_= ?306VR

$2+88(X.:P8HU@KN4'+;I EP.CR
MW,\%8T4GXV#%5LR$)##W_%)-#SGE:67F=8^E
'TL=
A/ADN;_*7^LBB7OFA
M4V^#S/I.N!





Z%Q&#

P5:/GHX^JU.31P]'MZZW




ON.K%YS_C:^]\



MB%
?4%8$C/M

M8.A'*HJ+:






M9//L
40&68
+X&JP08ZX]7P%$G[4TIHK

MK8YS$U?DGLG' #SH,Q#-]AYI',(S=S#[E*0#SHQ85+JG[/$=H)^=O$3?W'


M8P.B0R?:PJ7S?(NTBUN(



M+7!8B!6+=PID

M3NA_(A\W$J(DGR/?NFA=T/;P)_+M87?NB@@X!^^B1JFY3M.Z2=/JK[8%96
M=B(Z9'4O7


8@4


MRRU$?W2IDD'KU2BV?4/K@'(A4%\)F=FT^=NOV7]9FIX%]K=%GL5P/0*:/;&O




=W$
0VY=
CKH&3#+-\8-99 ;@F3F:MC
KE)
N

MUZ_I6H6%6\V_#Y$U[SIA6O&V8
/$AXG4CJO



9I(5HP$=

M'1.ILF;5.QR=S+*I3.2^5;8M$^!LYC\
0$?FES\4N\R:5TCUA4FR=)[/8 C7





=^F
M;:. 'MO)JD@5H[S$5B?*BG(!,=UD]!WT


XF);BIF*KF0!











M39#O=HWX





5AL[D)60RT]SB.7=A0I2@1=H%^XMU0^

MNZ=%KV#Y\








MKC0VZF!NE

JM]NY;IF

LI8320RID2J%1KAW*Z65O
MO7!H%1D6+V2H6^]].G%=+!QYR P_T7?=&,%7,7D%B?6L/JCYDGFXD)8UH*N
MRK+6L^XU2


4:6ES=CX&\A9(47?K?
9YK6^^!
MR'QZ_]GW*NF9$^K6ZM#28/S(X=7-ZA3XSQNP





M


MHJ9

MW_WFGHVQ/?EE(L$27P&V-AX=M6KLV38/E

_#B**=



M5CM'?TR&%8)R&Z

6*4LAGT2#H^
M9I*
?D%_P:$AC-+_!U!+ P04     6BMQ2(GG0H\(@   %_0$ %0   &YT
M=VXM
C R
3 S


MU_]Z7+@'*X!]B+PWSTY^/'YV #P;.=;O7GV?G38&_4O+Y_]ZY\'!W][_??#
MPX.WP /8H!S

. A0![Y!EDA_@P*L(C^J6C0AA'^NG\\\[
MP OF((VY?HJR
ZU+2*2[+!%F 4D+\7!)TLY5DP$;5JR!W-2?FR'6(9;CX
M$L)@/29 3A%^+D)M11&K'+.]BU_/G31@RQ+M[\GYDA;@!\&\
EM0EH2LVE
MY:U%B






M$

 G7V.?7Q'4B2#QP!X#G!BHBGD.CF96(8$KXOL%J7YJT0CC&Y
MU@2X;YZ%_N'
LI9_;E

M]
;)-<_A!!OIZ\JAX[(+72GT$1FZ:
X'LX

A)
4#%?$*8'!5OGAW35#%9
M1N1P7$6\+223T1B0(P:P;^X

.W4S(
-\G=V7UAY[# N-

J

FG7

MS@+X3=KNZFV0LN


M;K=ENRHPU^H\

^'S8HY0TZP_&I.O'&[#.9_<NCZS8,Z'-1^JZV,=DF<7XS
M DXQ4E4H4S.1U.CYS(.WJP:;BZ<U0A\E5CM!9.'<QD^PS&/ CD7GLHRH4[]



 
WX6(\.V4D9H(0YJ0N0IG?%H95FM



M+$I+-F'M9?.G6Y 1=MK-!WFL0/\1:A9&+D;3Q7MY6R=7!/G\DC]_W5II\/3-

M?




MQ*GUQ];C.?# % :4OOC5#W!H:0[P?
;NG 7K*6RJ19'1.S4UJE)3)*;K5/F9
M8/@8



W!/CN.+Z13H:E'1[!)


M[M;M$#='556GU6G*0ZOF-&5?$PA
Y]O%=#RO.4_$)]-YTNAVB81A-%:'#K%5
MNC+G631&2Z#JB&^?80KO61LMAQH W\9P24&B*0VY+6]=HQSJ%L\L#WYE).XJ



MD8K127O#97S1NZ



M/F$P(5CO^52)M





W^















M 9V(%EW\



&YXC+:C;!R1;[0DMKG+RBDWU EAFZ=52EA$RU!&'T@2UB1S?\$

\
*/O
MUO2&OE7&+EY)AT\TL25T534;%K2Z.V\AO=YN+.6GFQSDCFF+)/LVPOZEHT'A


MN=KP[%L

MH(6CO$H=L@$4O#

 =&-J
\[
J[)[9@W\# JW]#DH1FMT]
M@A)









.#3DNX
MQ-\WTZ(W;T6-^2S=EV=R.+2@,WX=. !"SH2K?^ZNXP@!)F1$$-CUM743X



ME0 PG9^J9'KY\A5.:A.[-4

NH&U^FN:62*_3C!5.Q-MO#

M+]_424*U(D'6$(6




MD]858:J\ ^_*GE]Y9&K
\^:@







D13.04



L@'\[39*N*30O0-:M75O

U7UJ4)5CVPB56I\R\;]#X
Y
MPO K53H; YKQX2N % '8B6A)C$7JYMK+;
AT'X6(S

 ZJIP5=F(43C9LD*/

_4T





U4=HH;TOZ





D886Q)LG0/32



M!Q!RLDUA+*.@;Z/8*-5*(T74343#&5NP@;/Z#ZTMD!Z:9T$DR0#VVR%YTB
MPAD .YZ4_ ? B&C+$*Z X%3O2B M%TXU$Q3Z^BJV#I&& M.6!&.V4$-V]R3Y
MT**&P4

M'S[6E] .2

@%- U BL@
BF0 TPGCZ 4'U0VUE4@HPLXFP?U



 1&WY=+#.R2PUJDO:UFMKH,
M)V$X%35'D*%)
P&Q[=+0AM]=T0[Y?4MC-=3A&FYNYY$=@DZHS=)@H(OXYJR






(H9M:5 )4ZF GA[T;XJ0J_2
A0Q]![
(.6C%]#F6+7T



/K(70)/ 6RRD+LU*;:
M8X?\*S15FXI1TB?NY0QA%48O#:];7EN&%_+/S]2X:1^!Z[[ST(
B(J#-A]@1NU? CEAC:<<8GIVT?60
M?*(FHYN%V0W_H9 CL8P
I!O2-$6ZHUI.2:B=2)^6

BL5H
 O!'K59K&;
M! C6)INE1(:Y@+MD!8MX$XM-37XBO][I]1$E:&+Y@/[?_P!02P$% 
4
M 6BMQ2&3X$.%8   6H@, $0              @ $     ;G1W;BTR,#(Q
M,#,S,2YX;6Q02P$% 
4     6BMQ2%=NO3H 
  #L;0  $0
M    @ $060  ;G1W;BTR
#(Q
#
S

#(Q
#
S
5]C86PN

M*6P  &YT=VXM
C R
3 S
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ):*W%+Y*NPV
M2$L  +[# P 5                4^-  !N='=N+3(P,C$P,S,Q7VQA8BYX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     6BMQ2(GG0H\(@   %_0$ %0              @ '*
MV   ;G1W;BTR
#(Q
#
S

!  $!
end



