

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-038515
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150623
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150623
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		15946637
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     





Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE


For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)



    
    
    

    
Incorporation or Organization)
    
    
 Identification No.)


131 Columbia Turnpike
 Suite 1
Florham Park
 NJ 07932




Registrant's telephone number
 including area code:
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to section
12(g) of the Act: 

Common Stock
 $.001 par value



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.




is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.



Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Yes



has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Yes


On September 30
 2014
 the last business
day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter there was no trading market for the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock. 


 2015
 13
757
550 shares
of the registrant's common stock were outstanding.






    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives
of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which
are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can
be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans
will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
Management's

We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


    
    












&ldquo;our&rdquo;

 2005. We are
a corporation with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation in September
2005. Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the
exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In August
2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at
that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.


 2008
 we implemented a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of our Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


 2013
 we declared
and paid a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock to stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;).
As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned
by them as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;).


in this Report has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend and all fractional shares
if any
 as a result thereof have been rounded upward to the next whole share.


 2015
 our authorized capital
stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock of which 13
757
550 shares of Common
Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of Common Stock currently outstanding are validly
issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New
York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo;
collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
 par value $.001 per share
of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001
per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available
for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred
forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of
Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one
hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty
one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal
amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811
of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount
of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


    
    



was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


 2007
 we effected an amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all
the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock.
As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all
500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred
stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred Elimination
Date.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration
pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The stock certificate representing
these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
from registration under the Act.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of our outstanding Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for
an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending
in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired
Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman
 and represented 69.1% of
our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.


 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;).
The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity.
The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.


 2014
 we raised gross proceeds
of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory
note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and
bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo;
(as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).


 on July 25
 2014
 we issued an
amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount
of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to
August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of
Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remains unchanged.


    
    





 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more
than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial
business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would
hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant
expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 unless
and until additional financing is obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business combination.
Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain
entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple
segments of a single industry
 we do not expect to have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business
will not prove to be commercially viable.

Our
officers are only required to devote a very small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed
basis. Our officers may be entitled to receive compensation from a target company they identify or provide services in connection
We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary
 none of which will be hired on a retainer basis. We do not anticipate hiring
any full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities. 


to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect.


we will consider several factors
 including the following:









equity interest retained by our stockholders in the merged








    
    















proprietary features and degree of intellectual property








the regulatory environment in which the target business




to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based
 to the extent relevant
on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target
business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meeting with incumbent
management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.


evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate the business combination
(including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable
corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a very small portion of
his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he devoted
his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and
affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon
 among other things
 whether
we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination.


target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities broker-dealers
 investment bankers
venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
 the executive officers and our
affiliates.


 federal and state tax
laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations. We will evaluate the possible tax
consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business combination so as to achieve the
most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders. There can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax treatment of a particular consummated
business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax authorities ultimately prevail in recharacterizing
the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences to our company
 the target business
 and our
respective stockholders.


purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage primarily in such activities. Specifically
we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &quot;investment company&quot; under the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application of the costly and restrictive registration
and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


Act excepts from the definition of an &quot;investment company&quot; an entity which does not engage primarily in the business
of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
 owning
 holding or trading
&quot;investment securities&quot; (defined as &quot;all securities other than government securities or securities of majority-owned
subsidiaries&quot;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding government securities
 cash or cash
items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the availability of this exception from
the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business through the purchase and sale of
investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an investment company
 the provisions
of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified as an inadvertent investment company.
We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage of any exemptions or exceptions from
application of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during any three-year period to claim an exemption
as a &quot;transient&quot; investment company. The necessity of asserting any such resistance
 or making any claim of exemption
could be time consuming and costly
 or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.


    
    



may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of its state of organization.
This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.





IN ADDITION TO THE
OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS
 OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT
ARE SIMILAR TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
 SUCH AS COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO
IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.


 we have no operating
business or plans to develop one. We are currently seeking to enter into a merger or business combination with another company.
To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements and searching for a merger target.


ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN


 we have incurred negative
cash flow from operating activities and an accumulated deficit of $2
214
550 through March 31
 2015. For the years ended March
31
 2015 and 2014
 we had net losses of $80
143 and $60
820
 respectively. We have spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
expect to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing our business strategy. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

We
Have Limited Resources and No Revenues From Operations
 and WILL Need Additional Financing in Order to Execute ANY Business Plan
AND HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.


 no revenues
from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months.
In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
 at the earliest
 the consummation
of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting our abilities to achieve revenues
in order to avoid status as an &quot;Investment Company&quot; under the Investment Company Act
 we can only invest our funds prior
to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that determinations
ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.


    
    



through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&nbsp; On January 11
 2013
Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.&nbsp; As a result
 we do not expect any further funding from R&amp;R.&nbsp; Subsequent
to our fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock then owned by
R&amp;R from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter
7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
13-10088 and 13-10089). Since May 14
 2013 we have borrowed $172
000 from Ironbound and issued the aforementioned Note to it. As
of March 31
 2015 we have $34
490 on hand. Such funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve
months and we will require additional funds. We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if
available
 will be offered on acceptable terms. Failure to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.

We
Will Be Able to Effect At Most One Merger
 and Thus May Not Have a Diversified Business.


likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification will subject us to numerous economic
competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent upon the development or market acceptance
of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

We
Depend SUBSTANTIALLY upon OUR PRESIDENT
 Whose Experience Is Limited
 to Make All Management Decisions. 


dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Arnold Kling. Notwithstanding the importance of Mr. Kling
 we have not entered into
any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Kling concerning compensation or obtained any &quot;key man&quot; life
insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Kling will have a material adverse effect on our business objectives
and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Kling and do not anticipate that we will hire additional personnel.


OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.


management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. Our officers may be entitled to receive
compensation from a target company they identify or provide services to in connection with a business combination. A conflict of
interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further
our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. In addition
Mr. Kling
 our president and sole director
 and Mr. Warshaw
 our chief financial officer
 are currently involved with other shell
companies and conflicts in the pursuit of business combinations with such other shell companies with which they and affiliates
of our majority stockholder are
 and may in the future be affiliated with
 may arise. If we and the other shell companies that
our officers and directors are affiliated with desire to take advantage of the same opportunity
 then those officers and director
that are affiliated with both companies would abstain from voting upon the opportunity. We cannot assure you that conflicts of
interest among us
 our management and our stockholders will not develop.


    
    



COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.


a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination. We
are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
 including small public companies
and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us.
Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.


ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.


speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition and management
of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having established
operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event
we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture
partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.


OR OTHER TRANSACTION.


in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity. No assurances can be given that we will successfully
identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination. Management has not identified
any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate
a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares
will not be invested in a company with active business operations.


OF A MERGER.


combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial responsibilities. Upon such event
 Mr.
Kling and Mr. Warshaw intend to resign from their positions with us.


AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.


the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 86
242
450 authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are authorized and issued in connection with
a merger or business combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective ownership interests.
Furthermore
 the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely affect prevailing market prices
 if any
for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.


    
    





 2015
 Ironbound beneficially
owned approximately 69% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 Ironbound is able to exercise control over
matters requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the approval of mergers
 consolidations and sales
of all or substantially all of our assets.


WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY MARKET.


Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &quot;penny stock&quot; to be an equity
security that has a market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per
share
 subject to certain exceptions
 including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities
exchange. Our Common Stock is not now quoted on a national securities exchange and has a market price of less than $5.00 per
share and therefore may be deemed to be a penny stock. As such
 they are subject to rules that impose additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell these securities. For example
 the broker-dealer must make a
special suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser's written consent to
the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to the transaction
 of a
disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter
 and current quotations for the securities
 and
if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed
control over the market. Finally
 among other requirements
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The &quot;penny
stock&quot; rules
 may restrict the ability of our stockholders to sell our Common Stock and warrants in the secondary
market.


 LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE LIQUID
MARKET.


thinly traded and is currently quoted on the OTC Markets
 which provide significantly less liquidity than a national
securities exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty that we will ever be accepted for a listing on a
national securities exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may find it difficult to resell their shares at
prices quoted in the market or at all.












Columbia Turnpike
 Suite 1
 Florham Park
 NJ one of the office locations of Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;)
 an affiliated
company of Kirk Warshaw
 our chief financial officer and secretary. We have occupied our principal offices on a month to month
basis since January 2014. We do not own or intend to invest in any real property. We currently have no policy with respect to investments
or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate
activities.








    
    











MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS



. &#9;Our Common Stock is traded
on the OTC Market under the symbol &quot;NTWN&quot;. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our Common
Stock for the periods indicated and as reported on the OTC Market. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail
mark-up
 markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    






. As of June 19
 2015
 there were 93 record
holders of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.




on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial condition
and such other factors as the Board may consider.










 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 we are not required to provide the information
required by this item.


MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.





and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation in September 2005. Until December 31
 2007
we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida
and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. The license from Dreesen expired on December
31
 2007.


 we discontinued
our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose has been to effect a business combination
with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of yet
 we have no definitive agreements or understandings
with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than
one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an
initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


    
    



enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid
the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant expenses incurred
to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 we
expect to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will likely be dependent upon the
future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations
or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we do not expect the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon
the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will
be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.


a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis. We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees so long as we are seeking
and evaluating business opportunities.


no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.


next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business.
We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision
of our officers and directors.




 2015
 we had no operating
business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating business but instead plan to consummate
a business combination transaction with an operating company.



Continuing
March 31


 


and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. We did
 however
 recognize
$17
664 of Other Income during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 most of which was realized when we negotiated a discounted
payment to a vendor in full satisfaction of an obligation to that vendor.


March 31
 2015 and 2014 were $80
143 and $78
484
 respectively. The majority of these expenses primarily constituted general and
administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act and for the year ended March 31
 2014 expenses
associated with the aforementioned events related to the new majority shareholder and refinancing.


    
    





 2015
 we did not have any
revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided in the form of loans and capital
contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
 we do not expect to have any
revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will occur or that we can engage in
any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent upon future loans or capital
contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that our present stockholders or management
will make any loans or capital contributions to us.


 2015
 we had outstanding notes
payable in the aggregate principal amount of $172
000 payable to Ironbound
 our majority stockholder
 pursuant to the 2014 Note
and the Amended and Restated Note. We had and cash and cash equivalents of $34
490 and negative working capital of $155
036. Such
funds will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months and we will require additional funds.
We cannot provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms.


and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings with the SEC and other regulatory requirements.
In the event that we engage in any merger or other combination with an operating company
 it is likely that we will have additional
material commitments.




in tabular form as of March 31
 2015.




 2015
 we have no off-balance
sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
 obligation under a derivative instrument
and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Note 2 to the financial statements describes
the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements.


some of the more critical to our business and the understanding of our financial position and results of operations.&nbsp; These
policies may involve a high degree of judgment and complexity in their application and represent the critical accounting policies
used in the preparation of our financial statements. Although we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate and correct
actual future results may differ from estimates. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail
 the results could be materially
different from these reported results. The impact and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations
are discussed throughout this Report where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results.


in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities and equity and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. These estimates have a material impact
on our financial statements and are discussed in detail throughout this Report.


financial statements
 we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves
estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items
for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities
 which are included within the
balance sheet. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and
to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely
 we must establish a valuation allowance. In the event that we determine that
we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount
 an adjustment to the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made.


    
    



under the provisions of the accounting guidance for Share-Based Payments. Such guidance requires the recognition of the fair value
of share-based compensation in the statements of operations. The fair value of our stock option awards was estimated using a Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions and elections in adopting and implementing
this guidance
 including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The fair value of share-based awards
is amortized over the vesting period of the award and we have elected to use the straight-line method for awards granted after
the adoption of this guidance.


QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.



 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.






 beginning on
page F-1.


CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.








(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management
 with the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the
end of the period covered by this Report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and chief
financial officer concluded that as of the Evaluation Date

that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 and chief financial
officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 including our president
and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.





and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015. In making this assessment
 our
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework
 which was adopted by COSO in 1992. Our management has concluded that
 as of March 31
 2015
 our internal
control over financial reporting is effective based on these criteria.








 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.


    
    








PART
III


DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.



concerning our officers and directors as of June 22
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


. Mr. Kling has
served as our president and a director since August 2007. For the past 15 years
 Mr. Kling has been the senior managing
partner for a group of private equity investment funds that invest and manage early stage companies whose technologies have
the potential to disrupt their targeted markets. From 1993 to 1995 he was a senior executive and general counsel of a Nasdaq
listed licensing and multimedia company. From 1990 through 1993
 Mr. Kling was an associate and partner in the corporate and
financial services department of Tannenbaum
 Helpern
 Syracuse &amp; Hirschtritt LLP
 a mid-size New York law firm. Mr. Kling
received a Bachelor of Science degree from New York University in International Business in 1980 and a Juris Doctor degree
from Benjamin Cardozo School of Law in 1983. Mr. Kling currently also serves as a director and the president of Protalex
Inc. (PRTX)
 24Holdings
 Inc. (TWFH) and Trenton Acquisition Corp. Mr. Kling&rsquo;s professional experience and
background with other companies and with us
 as our president and director since 2007
 have given him the expertise needed to
serve as our director.

. Mr. Warshaw has
served as our chief financial officer and secretary
 since August 2007. Mr. Warshaw is a financial professional who
 since 1990
has provided clients in various industries with advice on accounting
 corporate finance
 and general business matters. Prior to
starting his own consulting firm
 from 1983 to 1990
 he held the various titles of controller
 chief financial officer
 president
and chief executive officer at three separate financial institutions in New Jersey. From 1980 through 1983
 Mr. Warshaw was a senior
accountant at the public accounting firm of Deloitte
 Haskins &amp; Sells. Mr. Warshaw is a 1980 graduate of Lehigh University
and has been a CPA in New Jersey since 1982. Mr. Warshaw currently also serves as a director and the chief financial officer of
Protalex
 Inc. (PRTX) and 24Holdings
 Inc. (TWFH).


to commit their full time to our business affairs and they will not devote a substantial amount of time to our business affairs.


    
    





our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees. Our Board has determined that
it does not have an &quot;audit committee financial expert
&quot; as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 


our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock (collectively
the &quot;Reporting Persons&quot;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the SEC. Copies of these
reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 the Reporting Persons
complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.




our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
 our Board will adopt a Code of Ethics.






officers and Mr. Kling is our sole director. Neither received any regular compensation for their services rendered on our behalf
during our fiscal year ended on March 31
 2015. Neither Mr. Kling nor Mr. Warshaw received any compensation during the fiscal years
ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 except that in May 2013 Mr. Warshaw was granted an Option (described in Item 13 below) for services
as our chief financial officer. No officer or director is required to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time
available to us.


the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage such firms
in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder's fee or other compensation. In no event
 however
 will we pay
a finder's fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an officer or director is affiliated.
We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.




nor do we pay director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.






    
    



SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.



forth certain information as of June 22
 2015 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting
securities) beneficially owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &quot;group&quot; as that
term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers and
the sole director as a group.



    
    
Common Stock 
Beneficially 
Owned (1)
    
Ownership


 LLC
    
    


 PMB 402
    
    


 Wyoming 83001
9
509
440
    

    
    
    


 LLC (3)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 NY 10022
2
377
360
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Unit 1708
    
    


 FL 33404
1
070
880
    

    
    
    

    
3
448
240
    







Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and
dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares
beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of  June 22
 2015 are deemed
to be outstanding
 but those shares are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other security holder.


not include shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion the 2014 Note and the Amended and Restated Note.


 our president
and sole director
 controls Moyo Partners
 LLC and therefore is the beneficial owner of the shares held by this entity.


LLC.


secretary. The shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Warshaw include 520
880 shares issuable upon the exercise of an
option at an exercise price of $0.002 per share (described in item 13 below).


880 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of an option at an exercise price of $0.002 per share.




    
    



CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.



He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system.


 2013
 we granted a non-qualified
option (the &ldquo;Option&rdquo;) to purchase 520
880 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.002 per share
 to Kirk
Warshaw for services as our chief financial officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires
on May 21
 2023.


 2013
 Ironbound
 our majority
stockholder
 lent $100
000 to us and we issued the May 2013 Note to it. In July 2014
 the May 2013 Note was amended and restated
by the Amended and Restated Note
 which extended the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provided for the principal
and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our Common Stock following
the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental
Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note).


 2014
 Ironbound lent an additional
$72
000 to us on the same terms as the May 2013 Note. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015.








 2015
 we were billed $13
500
by Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A. (&ldquo;Liggett&rdquo;)
 our independent accountants effective as of October 22
 2012
 for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. For the fiscal
year ended March 31
 2014
 we paid $ 13
500 to Liggett for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements and the review of financial statements included in our reports on Form 10-Q.
















committee. The above services were approved by the Board.


    
    









 The following
financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are filed herewith.




Balance Sheets at March 31
 2015 and 2014

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014

Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the years ended March 31
 2015 and March 31
 2014

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014







is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.






    

    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Note
 issued May 14
 2013 and amended and restated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (3)

    
    
Convertible Note
 dated July 25
 2014
 in the principal amount of $72
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued by the Company to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC(3)

    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;- Kirk M. Warshaw(4)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







 not filed
 in accordance with
Item 601(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed
on June 30
 2006
 and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 31
 2014
 and incorporated herein
by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
and incorporated herein by reference.


    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.




    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

    
    
    

Date: June 22
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President
    




 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Date: June 22
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President and Sole Director
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Date: June 22
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
    

    
    
    



    
    



 INCORPORATED





    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit for the Years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Incorporated

 New Jersey


sheets of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 and the related statements of operations
 changes
in stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the years then ended March 31
 2015 and 2014. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as of
March 31
 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note
2
 the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and will have to obtain additional capital to sustain operations. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.


 Vogt &amp; Webb
P.A.




 NY

 2015


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
34
490
24
086

    
3
125
2
791

    
37
615
26
877

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
651
10
431

    
172
000
    

    
192
651
10
431

    
    
100
000

    
192
651
110
431

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
13
758
13
758

    
2
045
756
2
037
095

    
(2
214
550
(2
134
407

    
    
    

    
(155
036
(83
554

    
    
    

    
37
615
26
877



statements.


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED






    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative
72
673
74
053


 net
7
470
4
431

    
80
143
78
484

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
17
664

    
    
17
664

    
(80
143
(60
820

    
    
    

    
(80
143
(60
820

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
757
550
13
757
550




of these financial statements


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED



 2015 and 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balances at March 31
 2013
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
032
706
(2
073
587
(27
123

    
    
    
    
    
4
389
    
4
389

    
    
    
    
    
    
(60
820
(60
820

Balances at March 31
 2014
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
037
095
(2
134
407
(83
554

    
    
    
    
    
3
661
    
3
661

    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(80
143
(80
143

Balances at March 31
 2015
    
    
13
757
550
13
758
2
045
756
(2
214
550
(155
036



financial statements.


    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(80
143
(60
820

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
661
4
389

    
5
000
    

    
    
17
629

    
    
    

    
    
(2
791

    
10
220
(44
131

    
(61
596
(85
724

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
72
000
100
000

    
72
000
100
000

    
    
    

    
10
404
14
276

    
    
    

    
24
086
9
810

    
34
490
24
086

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of these financial statements.


    
    





NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




 Incorporated (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;Newtown&rdquo;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously
held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida
and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen
expired on December 31
 2007.





 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New
York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo;
collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four
million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
250) shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001
per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen
thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares
of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available
for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred
forty (9
509
440) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of
Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three
hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one
hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty
one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal
amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811
of principal and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount
of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our then headquarters to
Chatham
 New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014


OF COMPANY (continued):




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.




principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are those policies considered particularly significant.





in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates Newtown continuing
as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered
a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific
plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We
currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no
assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly
contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business
combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have
sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations. There is no
assurance that these plans will be realized in whole or in part. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome these uncertainties.


 Newtown has incurred an accumulated
deficit of $2
214
550 through March 31
 2015. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Newtown had net losses of $80
143 and
$60
820
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend
 substantial amounts in connection with executing its
business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014







accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where
applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While
actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect
on the financial statements.





considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





issued accounting guidance &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; that provides for the calculation of &ldquo;Basic&rdquo; and &ldquo;Diluted&rdquo;
earnings per share. Basic earnings per share include no dilution and is computed by dividing the loss to common stockholders by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. All potentially dilutive securities have been excluded
from the computations since they would be antidilutive. However
 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per
share in the future. As of March 31
 2015
 we had a total of 886
990 of potentially dilutive securities comprised solely of stock
options.





for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless
it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.





liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value
because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014







based payment transactions. This standard requires us to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for equity
share options granted based on the grant-date fair value of the options and applies to all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.


 the fair value of each option
is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free
interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based
payment awards represent management&rsquo;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could
be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize
expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining
lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture
rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation
expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period.


the vesting period of the options. The compensation cost included in operating expenses was $3
661 and $4
389 for the years ended
March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31
 2015 in connection with these compensation costs
due to the uncertainty regarding ultimate realization of certain net operating loss carry forwards.


model to calculate the fair value of each stock-based award. We use the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of stock
options granted based on the following assumptions:


date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:



    
March
 31
 2015
March
 31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







 management does not believe
that any other new accounting pronouncements not yet effective will have a material impact on our financial statements once adopted.



    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update &ldquo;ASU&rdquo; 2014-15 on &ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)
&ndash; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&rdquo;. Currently
 there
is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this
Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of
footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern by
incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the
amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including
interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&rsquo;s plans
 (4) require
certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&rsquo;s plans
 (5)
require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment
for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments
in this update are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early
adoption is permitted.




 2014
 we recognized $17
664
of Other Income most of which was realized when we negotiated a discounted payment to a vendor in full satisfaction of an obligation
to that vendor



On May 9
 2007
 an employee
and two officers transferred 500
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 166
670 shares a piece) to a third party for services on
our behalf. The fair value of the 500
000 shares transferred of $19
000 was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling
general and administrative expense.


 we entered into and closed the Purchase
Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy
nine thousand two hundred fifty (4
479
of Preferred
Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (14
820) shares
of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent there
are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (9
509
440)
shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (5
928
000) shares of Common Stock) constituting
72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand
three hundred sixty (2
377
360) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (1
481
510)
shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction
of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal
and accrued interest into 274
200 shares of Common Stock and accepted
a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our
Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 7
407
540 shares of Common Stock
 and all 500 shares of the Series A
Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001
per shares.


 2008
 we implemented a 1
for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares
of Common Stock issued and outstanding was converted into one share of Common Stock.


 we sold 550
000 shares
of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $11
750 of
compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.


 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 9
509
440 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase
price of $15
000
 or $0.00157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound


 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and
Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock
previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.


 2013
 we declared a stock
dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). As a
result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them
as of the that date (the &ldquo;2013 Stock Dividend&rdquo;). All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated
to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend
 since the 2013 Stock Dividend was in substance a forward stock split.


 2015
 the
Company recorded a $5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use
 occupancy and administrative services
rendered by the officers.




 2014
 we issued 886
990
non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging
from $0.002 to $0.02 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the
remainder vest on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended March 31
 2014 have been valued at
$8
050 for which $4
389 of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March
31
 2014. The balance of the option expense
 $3
661 was recorded as expense during the year ended March 31
 2015.



    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




consultants as of March 31
 2015 and for the two years then ended is as follows:


    
    
    
    


 2013
    
    
    

    
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2014
886
990
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015
886
990
    
    


 2015
886
990
    
    



at a per share price of $0.00157737
 as of March 31
 2015 there is no intrinsic value on the stock options outstanding.


990 options issued during the year were issued at an
exercise price that was above the market price at the time the options were granted.


options at March 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
520
880
    
    
520
880
    
    

    
366
110
    
    
366
110
    
    

    
886
990
    
    
886
990
    
    



    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




 2013
 Ironbound loaned $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;May 2013 Note&rdquo;).
The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity.
The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a
&ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note
 as described below.


 2014
 we raised gross proceeds
of $72
000 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory
note (the &ldquo;2014 Note&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $72
000. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and
bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo;
(as defined in the 2014 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note)
at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the 2014 Note).


 on July 25
 2014
 we issued an
amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Note&rdquo;) to Ironbound in the principal amount
of $100
000
 in substitution for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extends the maturity of the May 2013 Note to
August 31
 2015 and provides for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of
Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; (as defined in the
May 2013 Note)
 or upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the&ldquo;Conversion
Price&rdquo; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note otherwise remains unchanged.





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
646
500
623
000

    
    
    

    
(646
500
(623
000

    
    
    



    
    



 INCORPORATED


 2015 and 2014




from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2015
 Newtown had approximately
$1
823
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&ldquo;NOL&rsquo;s&rdquo;) available which expires in various years beginning
in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in
2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $23
500 during the period ended March 31
 2015. The
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 due to the recent and past changes in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&rsquo;s may be reduced in the future
if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business. Newtown's federal and state income tax returns for the years 2011 through
2015 remain open for audit by applicable regulatory authority.




 2009
 we entered into an agreement with
Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to our principal offices.
The agreement provided for quarterly payments to the LLC of $500. Such agreement was terminated during the quarter ended March
31
 2014.


 2015
 the Company recorded a
$5
000 contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use
 occupancy and administrative services rendered by the officers.




and determined that there were no subsequent events to recognize or disclose in these financial statements.


    














     








 Arnold P. Kling
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2015



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     








 Kirk M. Warshaw
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2015



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     










2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Arnold P. Kling
 President of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.


 2015



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.


    















     










2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.


 2015



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.


    





















      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      



    




        


        




    


    



 2009&lt;/font&gt;
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;LLC&amp;#8221;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services


 2015
 the Company recorded a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use

  

 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any


 none of which are held for trading purposes

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Incorporated (&amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Newtown&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We previously held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which Dreesen retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31

 2007 (the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;)
 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Moyo&amp;#8221;) and R&amp;amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;R&amp;amp;R&amp;#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &amp;#8220;Purchasers&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
479
250&lt;/font&gt;) shares of our common stock

 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
820&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600

 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
509

928
000&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 72&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
377

481

000&lt;/font&gt; (the &amp;#8220;December Notes&amp;#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;479
811&lt;/font&gt; of principal and accrued interest into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 274
200&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;625

 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our then headquarters to Chatham

 2007

 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus


 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
214
550&lt;/font&gt; through March 31
 2015. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Newtown had net losses of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;80
143&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;60
820&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend

 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any

 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2015
 we had a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 886


 none of which are held for trading purposes

 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future

661&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
389&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31

 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Year&amp;#160;Ended&lt;br/&gt; March
&amp;#160;31


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221; 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15


 2014
 we recognized $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;17

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &amp;amp; capital loss carry forward&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;646
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;623
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(646
500)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(623


 2015
 Newtown had approximately $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
823
000&lt;/font&gt; of net operating loss carry forwards (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2030&lt;/font&gt;. In addition
 there is a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt; capital loss carryover

500&lt;/font&gt; during the period ended March 31


 which contemplates Newtown continuing as a going concern. Our purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company inasmuch as we are not generating revenues
 we do own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be-identified operating company or business. We currently have no definitive agreements or understandings with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained

 Newtown has incurred an accumulated deficit of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
214
550&lt;/font&gt; through March 31
 2015. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Newtown had net losses of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;80
143&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;60
820&lt;/font&gt;
 respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent
 and subject to obtaining additional financing
 expects to continue to spend


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &amp;amp; capital loss carry forward&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;646
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;623
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-LEFT: 13px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=65%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(646
500)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(623


 these dilutive securities could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future. As of March 31
 2015
 we had a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 886






 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and we use different assumptions
 our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating our forfeiture rate
 we analyzed our historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If our actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if we reevaluate the forfeiture rate in the future

661&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
389&lt;/font&gt; for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. No tax benefit was recorded as of March 31

 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Year&amp;#160;Ended&lt;br/&gt; March
&amp;#160;31



 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221; 2014-15 on &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &amp;#150; Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221;. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so
 the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt
 (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). The amendments in this update are effective for public and nonpublic entities for annual periods ending after December 15


 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=11% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Year&amp;#160;Ended&lt;br/&gt; March
&amp;#160;31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 500
000&lt;/font&gt; shares in aggregate (approximately &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 166
670&lt;/font&gt; shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 500
000 shares transferred of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;19
000&lt;/font&gt; was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling

 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate approximately
 four million four hundred seventy nine thousand two hundred fifty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
479
250&lt;/font&gt;) shares of our Common Stock and&amp;#160;five hundred (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;i&gt; )&lt;/i&gt; shares&amp;#160;of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately
 fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
820&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross&amp;#160;proceeds to us of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;600

 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine million five hundred nine thousand four hundred forty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;9
509

928
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 72&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
377

481
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;) shares of Common Stock) constituting &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 18&lt;/font&gt;% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes
 the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;479
811&lt;/font&gt; of principal and accrued interest into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 274
200&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;625

 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100
000
000&lt;/font&gt; the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#8220;Charter Amendment&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007

 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result

407
540&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock
 and all &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 500&lt;/font&gt; shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock

 2008
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &amp;#8220;Reverse Split&amp;#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split

 we sold &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 550
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;11

 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Ironbound&amp;#8221;) acquired &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
509
440&lt;/font&gt; shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquired Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;

 utilizing its &lt;font style=COLOR: black&gt;available and uncommitted cash
&lt;/font&gt; from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Rodman&amp;#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;amp;R

 2013
 we declared a stock dividend on our outstanding Common Stock for stockholders of record as of August 15
 2013 (the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;). As a result
 all stockholders on the Record Date received nine new shares of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock owned by them as of the that date (the &amp;#8220;2013 Stock Dividend&amp;#8221;). All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split and the 2013 Stock Dividend

 2015
 the Company recorded a $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt; contribution to capital for the fair value relating to the use

 2014
 we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 886

 2014 have been valued at $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8
050&lt;/font&gt; for which $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
389&lt;/font&gt; of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March 31
 2014. The balance of the option expense
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
661&lt;/font&gt; was recorded as expense during the year ended March 31


 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercisable at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886

 as of March 31



880&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;520
880&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=21%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$.01 &amp;#150; .02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;366
110&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;366
110&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=21%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886



 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.009&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 10px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=49%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercisable at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886



880&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;520
880&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=21%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$.01 &amp;#150; .02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;366
110&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;366
110&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.02&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=21%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886
990&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: times new roman; BACKGROUND: #cceeff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;886

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013
 Ironbound loaned $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt; to Ironbound (the &amp;#8220;May 2013 Note&amp;#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5.0&lt;/font&gt;% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note was convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note) at the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note). The May 2013 Note was amended in July 2014 in accordance with the Amended and Restated Note

 2014
 we raised gross proceeds of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;72
000&lt;/font&gt; in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and
 in connection therewith
 issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;2014 Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;72
000&lt;/font&gt;. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31
 2015 and bears interest at the rate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5.0&lt;/font&gt;% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the 2014 Note is convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the 2014 Note)

 on July 25
 2014
 we issued an amended and restated convertible promissory note (the &amp;#8220;Amended and Restated Note&amp;#8221;) to Ironbound in the principal amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;
 in substitution for the May 2013 Note. The Amended and Restated Note extends the maturity of the May 2013 Note to August 31
 2015 and provides for the principal and accrued interest on the May 2013 Note to be convertible
 at the election of Ironbound
 into shares of our common stock following the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Qualified Financing&amp;#8221; (as defined in the May 2013 Note)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    








    
    
    










    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    












    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    



 Shares



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Shares















    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    






    


    
    




    


    
    
    
    



 Current

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    

 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized



    

 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 13
757
550 shares issued and outstanding





    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    

































 Shares





    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    



 Gain (Loss)

    



 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    




    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    






    






    
















    



 Recurring and Nonrecurring



    




    


    
    
    


    




    










    




    




    




    




    


    


    


    



 Recurring and Nonrecurring




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable



    


    


    


    



 Stock Options




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    








    


    


    




    


    

 foreign and state and local capital loss carryforwards
 before tax effects



    





 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    


    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options

    



 Options

    



 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding

    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period

    



 Options
 Expirations in Period

    


    
    

 in &#39;PnYnMnDTnHnMnS&#39; format
 for example
 &#39;P1Y5M13D&#39; represents the reported fact of one year
 five months




 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Exercisable

    


    
    




    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    


    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options

    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range

    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    



 Interest Rate




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

    










    



 Shares

    



 Value

    







 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award




 Value
 Restricted Stock Award



    


    
    


    

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed



    
    






    
    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M+GAM;
V8RV[,!!%?P5E6Q%CT]*'@$WIMD5J?\!-)L3CBW;!/C[V@&J-J(5






C*L)582$KPT)6
MAH6L#`M9&1:R,BQD'7Z2E33_+TX_`%!+`P04``````\9]=&2'4%[L4````K




$%`````@`
M/&?71J^6X@AN`0``-Q



UZ2`
M31BQ22&;



MIHH7?


DRUS)E_

MC%Y`9UIRG063#SQI8S]NKKVXYH4JE?;Z)Q;\&@O6\3HW9XF0#R$3A;*'*SU8



MZOT\@'.VNWGHB+)[N'G?O_1D.[+[9*`CEVLF4K6_B+YU`*?WY;%J.D(4GK(G


BM


$%`````@`/&?71JJK8;D_`0``:0

M;W)E+GAM;
V334_#



#:IU!Z9YA!47E+L+

M\OYA^9C4199/TVR6%N4R+^CTED[+C\-D9_Y&PZH?XM\Z/AF
VT6)#5RYVZ@1





MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5`TR``



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O&`RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI`&$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:


M':.%$=L92=O5-HQ8+50O.PMR+;LB/0AR?+F=-?/WTXMF-(TV3KB%]T?73O

MLLH$







M_C\T?52
5OK`F*E%!ZLI;X(/[_5LSP6[8TI;

M'HSMK7QDO0%U.EZ=N'`WDW`2C!SLO-2-0CM9L0Y6'KC^^/P@0!7;TY
PI4WV


)




M)6D?!*V

A8Q\1@YM8S2!**ADY'-R$#6%*.AFY)'3

M07NQQ]YA5`11T%_L\1=^?]^7A4KV9$Y4P%+AWC'K
?H7N_:
[*&@T]A[U`ZA
Q?]([UVW9G^Y@

&UL?5;=
MCJ(P&'T5P@-



M#*+(;T64HYLITR
V8P2Q#P@D*X]!!(8$
\.GD6V/J(^!FQ\Q$)W(48'&
\


M


!2%_PK#
M/D%/'A[;


MA











M&$DI(1

_&!
2JD!(\
4U+[(24384[Q!*4P

MVC'?
MJY]YLR_J-GC1QN[VNOW:3FNC[)3DT;Z?![L+OPY*M3/N-+'G3;\O[0=&'R_;






)@5`&/E'#]=XX7+FA]L[A.C3[[LFITV?4C
MT!MLRX9@


/T($BQ#!Q!_U$$:*?2]I







M]QF[X&&?V/L73=^;)8AT`RTI;740Q#U.-$U;5L]DHK\9QST&E,;Y^^7T;^9
M=!7^&Q%TS=K?S4;N%2T(@PW=DF,K7]GY.QUS2/6`-6N%^0WJHYLNUCH
?
MP[/IS?
\?
'Y:/

M\!FIRM6Z4Q=*Y234-ZTHBU.)01&=]#BCI)I+8B.!DR)2@T\18E^$*G;L\6V`
MM:M`L3\\N:`9GXTY''


MLF3N#*=^?^[UYVXNV


W#\I
MRM(L39T)^P_E0!7-SK2.\ITYZT50LV


&3VE+WZB8T-5JZE?HU4^]\N!L

MEZO.=-\J_P%02P
$%`````@`/&?71H)

L


I?XOR=#QZ8'G`CRK;[]3:G

@_!20NP(V

;$F)45Q)#A&!*8QBPQ3$.*($IB9$Q.9DL+
MQ90EL=T_M?JGP']BI+VB5X&8U1@DM+&8
61/);2F$L)4L%&*$`0*:6+4:Q4Z

YF)Y\CJ.8(U
M)H;G(9)*&/FA


M

3Z*X$R-WP.[/ZG4&_QC.UG($(#&S
MV2!D^G42ZZ\$RNX-
_&K=TJV-SER+S`#
^TVA$/SH;1PIFLWLG8CF3NAJ?4;
MFQ@
B\U
ZQB^0+'J(1J9WB$(O$/$MM98

MA(`
9B9VI]


M9=.5JO%:N5_YS_1IPYB%](A?I;QTLWO/BG]5ZLT^?-^M?&(UR$INM0U1F
N[
MW
BJLI%
YC]CT

M.=80V8!;577]7V][[K2JKQ3?JXN/X5HV_?4RO(G92


((KB9U42PFA3GY0O0#4)=:H1
YG1T'`A



M[E

DP3\&T-8FME!N.^
M15,@A[I[N1Y!-[\IG*=@RR'L5O;M0('[(-@QRE9FDEP[V+0NXPO.34QZ$IN









Y9\YP*4:T;ZX#\.1=

T





]5@V_1T'*EP
'XZO6[O,XGGN[D`UX6O6CAE[M

LO+?\#4$L#






B`OX(&.UF38+W^)K'[5IR0-%D!Y8(
M]]





V$;5\2Z+QJ5T^9T[7A8&1V*FH^UYN
'TE/F#J$(R].TM6K\7
M$&5Q*]









\X)=@LX
.:TA682DX)Y\25

)6+55@VOAR


$%`````@`/&?71K^E/C6C`0``L0
`

ME7$GVGG?'QES50=:N#OLP82=!JT6/H2V9:ZW(.I$THKQ+/OM)&ED7*/=NR
MP


*KI0;C)!IBH3G1A_QXWD=$
M`OR6
+K5FD3O%\37&/RL3S2+%D!!Y:.-

M;H/[BW#PB.J/K'T7S&:4U-(0?D7''_`W,(AE:H7!I)-3B/^D:A1(OW:98F
Q%O

:^@T47

M?E-@OQ+83P(\^]3B%N9SDVQUIAILFYZ.(Q4.QD^'MV27U_G`TYU\P
NB%RW\



[U)TIMU8'B]@Y[T'ZG0:.X




&$G0:M%CZ$MF6NMR#J1-**\2R[9UI(0\LBY5YL




O



MDCD?FI[8T0!K(TD*0K/L&Y&
*UQ7
?=DZDI/3G`%3P;924IFWDX@]'S$.;XF
MGGD_N)`@=4567LLE*


+-QK\8^W;O!F
XQ:Z-@D


Y5@
M^OAT+&KTI%PZO#6[OLX[&N_D`UY7(^OA#S
]5Q:=M?
W&^^FT]J!MY+=W&(T
M^/^S!@(Z%Y;?_=JD)Y4I\?K!UE_:?T.4$L#!!0````(`#QGUT;+I#J_@$`


MK+DE(1%!VFQ5M0^55OO0/CLP7+0VIK8)V[^O;0B+V
D+ML?G



]^8'
`!H6V$M0


%[1
MX\D]2'&!!!5(5@+)?

L\--=JC)#A'8;TPPS`$WV:



C:]4#E%6+H]-0%ENC29Y\CUUP^X7G6
MTQI^45FWG?*N0IL6Y9I


M='

Y

M`RT?I7O%Z0?
+1R8(W2QI'4HW6H;A1*%']/L]!QGM+.8S;3M@G%3CNP5

M61#

_N.F$MN2SM]LO)L6T8&WDCT<
M*.G]_UD:T+RZ]^;=*32H'#X?9!EE]:_0=02P
$%`````@`/&?71L5UK1RK

N1$X?'_\68RH/TT'
M8
FW%

_Z:-7\L/7'=
MOZ@_A]6Z]=FX!'%7U[;SH5-$U)#PP9A/W!\@7D)(6&%PH0OJ09C45XH9'L

G^!FG[F-J'S1K]M%






?


.:TQ+&(6!'7J2PJ62G%B_]!9FKY-.MRNZ-N8G6W3`KNDP&XE



M6=3RL0G:8U7ES;]

FOGOF/2=

M^MAVJCJ'A$&5OPW7HNZOI^&+H&

#G
M!L1C0&P%1$-G]5U]GW?Y:M&H4]`
\^.0FVF(;V

MA6.VB%Y-HA&333%DQ/!KS!V$B:\Q]Q!&7&.^NQARC7AP$?0=$NEB+Q43L&(R

$8YDE!GA3@L425I4X]


A$L#VLS!D#GI+$JP@
&PF&G




P!=K[@(S23[QRV/5^AL:%$T.6H=\)W_ES:ZHV^!9=?K



M

M@.





MY$UZ(X;TK
X

*+T4EPB
MV0M*3I;$V@@@-&FBXL[OW(LJ7U7;=/1%!/+*&!%_][3EPRZ
P_O&:W.I

XL?IUT(3`3:

3X$B`$R'&_R6@


X
HBUL9;W`1
MW8S0B-G/

POD'@%DIE`
M
@KDBUMPF
YBL



.41!J:8_2:'
Z91P3`;P:C6=G(YWY1ZL-O?M;'*/8I`(?*


?I)$MFVCZ!S`2R$)+\2T(Z$]([



C

9?!?$`!9OPKR)(3:9INYA4
M]6*[=HB3H`+.;*?IWGZV(13





M*
4&3\+Q.




MDB(S2.$FV.;

/+:-%3\W;.:]SL?




MU-4BWSNQ

8D





M)*G:JJEYF'UV0`1J;
S:3IC]^_4-QE9W






9]M

M7'PNE89%\-FTU&-60XQJ
=*:



EO5



M4N-[J1(DLU^7(UA
P
89

M5?ZBQ?]W7\WH5Q/2M




/6/PV








MHQG$N)

C$2@D0@(
*FB#&)\.$D

M^][+'!L7TLC-&G2S7J[7;/TU-T



:GJ
MQ7;MP$NP:F-F.Z'[][







&BT[6Y


M*XX_8%$TFLT89S;I=-J'SNSL0_M

M7+S+!D!Y'XQV\N@W2O4'A&31`/RB??0Z9V*T:47HH:R5X`*2V)482#($&
MM)V?9S;V*O*
#XJV';P*3PZ


:@RTF7!!(JR\I

B[




M(*)N.^E=N-)OVK[*BG

_YK(L=2TJKH7*U6]V+TF]CBVL8%
M$K=O7\.:R7T)L!PYGPS!%.



CI:`=J_\%H2\Q!5#9H^S8E*K-G%65Q+LDF*=#9&LV:
M_5I#G;_D2!COS(ET%6^?'


D\U-R

B=*?MM


$%`````@`/&?71H0O`Y/T`0``


M^\7?'C*-

MU
1E_ZK^U62KW!^Q@#TCO]I*-LJLYSH5U/A
YL;OL&40JP%2T:$^3KE64A&
MKQ37H?A];-O.M,.X$F\FFIT03(1@)OC1AX1P(H0W0O(A(9H(T2H&E
QA3A@

8'!^$ER

M+KFYIC5C$I2@]Z1VN5&/]3P@4$O=356?C^_7.)LO[[&\R^A^`M02P,$%```
M``@`/&?71LH]2`SZ(P``,*,``!0```!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.U=

QF`EB@/9R11$2E[C4%^--E%LN-F-]
7R1SD
MQSS%+@)D7R:/
D^RYU)577VC*-O9+#+8R)79=3ITZ=\YU+-;])DE1DH?^7
M3)Y%69C^X:O]3OLK\7$9A




5JXL4S$
M
$N3U`UQQ'*WUST0BK.^&'W7[X]'S2KU@&5DZPYVTL2F5:8=^8FP&SBRG^
M(O^2^?=N`





!W)W[@IW[-(H97



TS=39=XX/CYW#0_.T?EI'P+.5G*;^O0PJ+.YYGH]6


BX@M)M!-+8



3^N-8?DS%ZP`
1GDN#(Z]2E;N5/[A

`3@&
`)4V#+`&D!6IFBG@)=1A`
MIR`JX8-SF.)3/P],H*



M@%$F




MEG!W#IR8`T^!KA5L_4=_7\$()@SE(NE#RX,H7OX8Y&%'OF\AXXMQ8A1I#!
M0\L27'7Z$)D6

M*E]';NSA^L^!(=



_X`-I@M?

3ZZ(J3
#T!ZPR69.B$Y(909*
M$'ZJ_@T552&IHA1HV42)


M7A


MZ+)G]5V((+`#0H1_76Z8LDI2%S(1*XCE$_D

&M`&DZ6+.
KF2#A0-O&5Y/%:




&
0!TA^Q&+
MU/;\-(^DQ[)]DL0QK?X6Z(#`DC%2E.!&D'%F*/_'(68:LIGZ\`&JM@;H!R


7

I


*LX2T
'/DQY*




MYBXB@T620J37M*9DV`Q;V_B&\$508T%GP0M
!5$4B3A5!7C`-.UY

^:=L5
SIH5[A@
M`IHTZL)84D8;(,M/*JN20V62`*J






M6=K!R/AP-FUSTE$1`Q;P9%S*?G!1GT1!_N$8[

:=C


`[#F)Q_`4$M9E(RO
MQ7V$


Y6ZGD4
7H
@(L;!K2HAM%D19+8.PZ0.V(*&`SD0;^!VMK
MO!*4`5'3WKFC0WSJ9)&.UGQ0F4:U@;#Q


M-@?;%%MPB!5L'N:($?BBG#*V4PVL


MII/I\8UM!]KC5O$$VY2




MD)$CO!SIB`Y6K+7$$4IW9FS8I(*Q.BKP,J!\LW^Z3%($/72220\FC%1]6S6
M(S'
:U2\)X\$




G1QL:F#H@B)BI

/T^;:XIK
M2L;18




.%BC:


M1B;J3.H\


9SS1L6)






M8Y\#'U!2MI+R[8?X-

;T#4]/LT+IX@%RMDFNMM







8C*^W#+7WU^

G8^VWR9GB%H9<G(ZM!

MO[8[&]M]R:78.:=O#4QH)P&E[C9_S6POF[=$6WU;7_GAE;N&AZ?U#P'DMLRM
M^09X85]/J_E27G
AJW1CWNC\`4-[\C&Y/6YL[3LO=-L!M0PE5U&_0U!HSX2W

=Q_4S?
).;:&GOZ!#?XEO:!BD





=5
[J%/2&T0G5


7O



MV`$``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`A0#%`````@`/&?71J^6X@AN`0``-Q
``!H`


O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$%`,4``````\







2YX;6Q02P$%`,4``````\9]=&%^1C8N$``#WP``








``!@`````

4``````\9]=&:]E)X*$!``Q`P``&0``````````````@`'/+P``


M
3

``!D`````````````
M`(`!@C








M970R
YX;6Q02P$%`



M971S+W-H965T






C4N




M:&5E=#(W+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#QGUT9$*^?.]P$``-P%```9````````





P+GAM;%!+
M`0(4`Q0````(`#QGUT;*/4@
^B
``#C```4````````````````2-=``!X

 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ConvertibleNotesPayablePrincipalAndAccruedInterestAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockShareSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ntwn_IronboundPartnersFundLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionSharesOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_BusinessAcquisitionCommonStockSharesIssuedAndOutstandingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=ntwn_StockPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ntwn_ThirdPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_IncomeTaxExpensesBenefitLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CapitalLossCarryforwardsExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationAxis=ntwn_KirkMWarshawLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationEffectiveDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationQuarterlyPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ContractualObligationTerminationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 through March 31, 2015. For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, Newtown had net losses of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, respectively. Newtown has incurred negative cash flow from operating activities since its inception. Newtown has spent, and subject to obtaining additional financing, expects to continue to spend, substantial amounts in connection with executing its business strategy. These conditions raise substantial doubt about Newtown&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 45.35pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 45pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleLongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInDiscontinuedOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_OtherIncomeExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=ntwn_ExercisePriceRange0000002Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=ntwn_ExercisePriceRange001002Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

) shares of our common stock, par value $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) and five hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;), each share convertible at the option of the holder into, approximately, fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock, for aggregate gross proceeds to us of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (the &#8220;December Notes&#8221;), the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of principal and accrued interest into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
886,990 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 of net operating loss carry forwards (&#8220;NOL&#8217;s&#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. In addition, there is a $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 capital loss carryover, which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to Ironbound (the &#8220;May 2013 Note&#8221;). The May 2013 Note was initially issued with a two-year term and bore interest at the rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 in a debt financing transaction with Ironbound and, in connection therewith, issued to Ironbound a convertible promissory note (the &#8220;2014 Note&#8221;) in the principal amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. The 2014 Note has a maturity date of August 31, 2015 and bears interest at the rate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_ConvertibleNotesPayablePrincipalAndAccruedInterestAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=ntwn_StockPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StockIssuedDuringPeriodParValuePerShareNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_EquityTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_CommonStockSharesIssuedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 through March 31, 2015. For the years ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, Newtown had net losses of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_StatementsOfCashFlowsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

, we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw, LLC (the &#8220;LLC&#8221;) for the use and occupancy, and administrative services, related to our principal offices. The agreement provided for quarterly payments to the LLC of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. Such agreement was terminated during the quarter ended <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ntwn_IronboundPartnersFundLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ntwn_IronboundPartnersFundLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
On May 9, 2007, an employee and two officers transferred <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares in aggregate (approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 500,000 shares transferred of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

) shares of our Common Stock and&#160;five hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares&#160;of Preferred Stock, each share convertible at the option of the holder into approximately, fourteen thousand eight hundred twenty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock, for aggregate gross&#160;proceeds to us of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five million nine hundred twenty eight thousand (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'


) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and (b) Moyo acquiring two million three hundred seventy seven thousand three hundred sixty (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one million four hundred eighty one thousand five hundred ten (<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

) shares of Common Stock) constituting <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under the December Notes, the holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of principal and accrued interest into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Common Stock, and all <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw, CFO, for $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;Acquired Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
, or $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share. The Acquired Shares represent <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 non-qualified stock options to an officer and consultant. These options have a ten year term with exercise prices ranging from $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share. Some of these options immediately and other options issued vested 50% upon issuance and the remainder vest on their six month anniversary. The options issued during the year ended March 31, 2014 have been valued at $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for which $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 of compensation expense was recorded during the year ended March 31, 2014. The balance of the option expense, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 &#160; <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
886,990 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ntwn_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardsCapitalLossCarryForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'

#$U
#
S
2YX


W-+X
?&]?JVMN;N;5





MQEQL^`C)D!H-N1;4
@WK6ZP6MGAH\R$\*36.L/@)*`@?QU+=F%6(/MP^\@MG
MCRXT_=(0S\K=;O=(E

FA//F\X



]+K0$'*X^Q5








M2P.&9=9\4!)O.])*^%
`0M!?+C*M_4.FM35DI.:C)%!I].V]DQU`@;O@I]DG
MWS2A7H?MS


9/M14?9)4N-&LEU7E&T8R4Y$Y.!S9Y]%KK..
MR$&ESC9T.02V(X!5AYW]A'8SCK`BDK*UG1YWR1UKLM)D2L[%.P^-J1]G3B




MF/Z&4/1:L*?G8U^-D+88JO\%8QT\['3+NZWAL7IIFVN&8:3]$J(J9]C!F

MNQINO





M3K#\SJ26\WFZV


M8H7?(]2KS.A.R^%[F-&W$\/6H]P




AB1N46*C79$341CF&-



;SR!V29:QZHTW9IRZ-D_*W+Q_P[&;

VULO0_
M^MF$L(($DGO/!DOW^FNB0M49_U1KGWZP71/`%SBN%




M?YD*C@).VM+);M$JJ#@?#%!ZGYF@9P`R&!(4)8+\F&CJQX
?'6SDQX#8.4&B
MV;]1RZ-\2N0#`F%K5_-;6/9`7EA!)204!-#
NU;4(#?/TD!?#'1',O$N



M0!3CICNUIB]FLWQ(5JRJ!U(6$3'HH;3QXZ.Y1RS7^]=Z9X`VIP\DQ-C_DZ
M)3BQ0YT\FMDECY53PR``P]34557PNYLRA+X1?\[-(GDY$GA()_K$FU$((7


]DMX
'[\EAOWO0SODS-K9^]*!\

M1TX66H:1)G

X@2L



M'A@B@[]`'I,OZ%.,8Z75A`VTS(1L3B.-Q:G&('Z%V'*Z`27Q!#7`]_43&?
M$OT!0S87]G&
3Y\'
MQ8YGNFB,/!-9`10X&7![#)71?L^`C(&MV])9;NB1T#-P<G


)
$$A&%[\(YX.I+:#_TR33-ZBF&3%HZ8;R962`78&G
MP$JAV9E;V

B?`3\QC7K.S#([N#

T
*;\&W

+TWX)


M3RU)BBQ)%.)@BWRO===JE&






F
MB?

(#CTM+L<5*Q4R\[CQ/=S%1L66VWFW-2TSM-VE&7
M^_N/MT^F

NLI<I
M&C*^[;02/3VQW;DR+DHV+NV.JLX)B?6Q+@$)(!K90*AMN564`/\(4!CTS8/5
MJ_GV[\KXY/@IJ=F(



MV;
_656*S/Z6T+B)C&9[BX2




M/

[PY.#GU%-A0*TA9'L%U@&Z<TVFX]
M%V_A$2?AX-78$




M:35[6J0VI58C






M

M6RMM(VL-`+
]:%U6VTH$PEP*RB(Y]ALOREM0V$_9S!*)PQ_]]+2VR_!2]0
M^6](KH%QCF^

ME;F
05*RI[8P=52DLGF#^3&^7WX7I.?Z//WJX*TUMQ-
A0@ZUL/+%]8=K+R]
MX):J-&-3]8*DE
Y$UJ#DO'G1EEO==AE
0!6-

][&3MY-CR]
MXPT)S


;2[_Q\!.)KY+;[^:W3I:2);7ROB6)W
0SQUPGJ?FMQ.7]0:-,
M)*V*90H060(N3)N#.1()4^Z893E3\QFL%?43YD*S#]Y@8)O?RD&X]
#
5J_
MV?S;09`D):'\&54R1+
5R'F8-#3.K5\X8P?LBT&N;^`[0HT4;4&HJL?FC.
MN&V*)%4ZMF)BYD]FVB\^$2]
)
:R
1D6OMR!&7H9$








7D'

O













EPZ8N%H2!Y/2G[
D'.7.Z/`IB#!!6%*%P'\##_$
UHV
M'6J0Q*6H



MB9LIH.*00[@;JF/;V*

ME


M(.A%N

M'2E*0E9P2(=$\EMX_S?]JL(ZW)7;%9)[P-'W*?-%3^=#-]H&0JD*`-2N#*-D

MV^]&`V2L+J(5/$C`]\TZ!07##QR5%!^7#$.*L[BD)(2G?$ZA'$`6.ZCCP=




Z2F

M5C([5L[H8/HRNKAKC.:2=I=[&'/)K8C$7//T%FH@.2

4N[(#PO3N:'T+H*(
M;!QM/))ZH[&F*
`*7BV!)P-I1.4V(;E:
!BH1!@(%3*I-[FY'2BGT149MT
\


N+P+#Q#FB8Z1&Q.B:?!72*

M:


MJ)8F$7$+%RORX_.:\B6B-5V1CUU\



MEN
HM7=J5

8@/A<W8H_DRW8P
M;1K:\:`'[$_O$9QEOZ)2H]-FDU[P!$QB.F6E!QN!H8'1VV3,\MDTREAC_HP#
M.4,ZKESL?8GCX\/*R<E8]@\O;CQ#5:2<;Z/AQ!.R#EE)6F9UA[OD/CC]M]DZ
M:+2&H3&*.V`419%&4?7!O.-/6Y*DH=,'F(K(92)&;`@QB=3$`4RVY(Q?735


MRE(34]

W'M!:'J0#0I#I;DX#P3%O9#%





M1M/HZ\(-0C^BE
W6V-
X+PZVB=NJP)+4?HZ32=1/5Y)20\-3\OA\QBS9*:DJ









M$X)!38
KC#B.C2\APSO_U5E0$I`N7HUO'$L_F:/0FG1:Y27EY
X:5







G1M6C8?9&5




^*!!U]SXILJ3JMT\M]OYU2+=:
Y75V[=?LU75

UQ:X7F=)

`G<8-8RNJD:OL69E<








M9+AOI.CA`[33.\


Q'BW+33M)8-N-[$8&/#8'G$'C&O*L2^\0H


K.LP(
\RS?

5(DD_]JJ;G/^]3;?Y695W;7





M5J&--8)H:=45ZK!Y6&E5]2]/:]ATM]FTWJA4=YM--3;$ZXUG-R_&.OAA.J!G
MP@03)FB
GF%/PY[E
Y[KC6(_8U&NM)`9QX-.6(%NESVI50]$ZA\2K)D`9=CH
MVE



MFTJV!Y@IZ5$Y6BIR&V)Y$F;9O9[P`]8#[E85Y[&2+8-'AA$6M.V

MO/?K+94:CT+/'V6&8C[5#`_4K;







O1*ZO\U;5?RJWU'=:;Q/B
U]
Q?R';
MM;K8Y-H5/5MV!D^:7U-K[2EW!M@]#^`-X5++6=\2&[O=;F*GK5-IZ[T%U:AI

NI
A#D/Q2

MN.I(7


MK-L:)Z\5^?&MF2$UC6;M02O(!)A*+0=NS_2IA5_Z99;*^X/LU;.O;`#N7R



1R&9\


8`CZH\VN$]C1.YI
'8`RZ]M!



%`



M&&?

M^DD=(4N'1/);HA-FOJJP#G=_$$$E]X#!]JF)9B`WD+/@DYN#4A4`J$1KX#*8

]8GPCZA/'!LXG_PDXIP``C1D:/3C^@`(O#[T0N1$#F[X

*J)#R'DBUQB7J`B8U




6QO7&_\UE-%UFLO`6(;4M(5



7T97]#F9RRX/[EG/\1ZEH*7F&FW[





M

;.3QDQR
M?R`(XWUM62$2'&?3OUF3%3=%@HK4EBU3?
;9C;





WQ+TD6CVN9%G@7=-T)BA

M8EV+\?(8Y]S'FB?!M?!O[[DOKD$4NJ.7E

(J)IW
MLA`4?#UBCU[D6%@'#FLHQ8

M)TN
8BDH3U8$3XN*PUR8760JA=9V2VG)K%R^A6DU]OJ7AD1-7#L_7)L5XY

MVKWZ7T;.MT?.3?TOK8I_[+^.R\HIO[9=AT:F&8?KW.!H2S_C;DFU8@J#?0P
MNMOEW2=T-/%*FQ!2:B]1FMC)Z
VV`-=!ZR

95X2C/)




KZ%K<^+)#@B^63@AQ/?]@&S8@U#T&%NZ!`JD6Z
M5R)=!H('$3X7!3B;<#F=\HIO[03IP2]`BB[[X!_P,R&JED==_!L)[@?X029;
M88$@$D

MYVY?`I9@`ER3X0(%





M'7VYC[J



D

/*.B&







ML,([@SIS29P?7Y(EC)!U/PXYECK0N80


SO=OUX']$JJA=8;D1SMU[8S(D18QJY
W*W:RNGB1NPWHS`M[C9;ELUV_V$





?CO2!)3V8(H@Y6#PF11)8'E$C1

M?0\[6?]X#%)4
2FH6HM%

/-5\0#B1!^@

MG6/!0-NU8W$BN@E_

DV%;97?YL0!FF0EB
`2X


W4TAC8F:6
M&X7$G2(8V




O
M8

T8%R
Z:1.R-WN[9RFK@!IMC'=BDE$Y*88A];PJ%&

](0/JWW'GR0S).O:QHMF
M=*U^X74XKVT#DO,72RXX[2N+T3K(L&%)5NG(VY\
-T:^5A_0Y\IUJ/66AWF_DP%X&I#6@
M

!3R4

B'PO0_OL7

MCC66(7!C

;))K5^G/X9.`K&*'%
M2;^0U:U+7;
A?)9B_:

M#?XVR(L*$3

MN5*GQ6
Q0;W0Z_ZX]QQ+^





`E^PYTB[EAQ[2.(:O4
A:8X**
M'VQ:8WG\U

MBDDF5RX4PDW7AL[$)-B'C[1\A1*AUJP









'I/!KT0C78R:=B#:^/?%7$BF'809)HMH_\0[
A5


O8C[9JF3GX2&
L\^KM[T7Z0R
=1%QJPE[$3;4
4JQ-;L


31W8)5:ZU6.1K;4)





KV


9/N1_
`#E5J2


MC4TW);B@AW%K?F:&K4+


MW^-T8L'!1KVDG53SY![F?B:C*GE8%+Z=`DF%!3;Z=C-^)I_03OK88BMX)!!=


QR,3
MA!EUE:=S;T+=5Y*Q%D@M=_M(!/*JX^(\B=^$(6BIZC/#+=NO4$<$60H8P\&
MX'_+^PYI%_BT_3(M]`/=6&*MZL]R;R[9J8O-LMS9QN

M@51^6AY^DLM@TXNR



6;Y+76
MW21O98K5ER:9_@V_EJTZOUU]&*66)HX/QG9V1K9,0;(&`C1*4U0)I$`!O-

JT
LIWZ@
X'&6
MDUWD@1))@&[ROZ6B4(*&K3OO/&\T?1[O`F[




-W.4N5?MG%

H`WVNBD!(P:&$8P2


&)@
M&
$H`2




^S`\A:<#84O/[.A;W?IE9^*=(<P[51K'1TUCG)^487Q`.?*

MZ



X6ZPAS&'A@?UI9`QA[KSVFJIB
W?L%M5[ZV0A?@)
M#X'%)RU:U0\
/IH[5+MXVVYY==:J5RO'Q^;BM][8OY@QS
7OM4E0U6A;PRL+




M];UV7'OS^QB[K%S&E3W'?3FI6'





M

M6



MQPB:.




M-[^/

P&'PCW(

:^I(K^HL%OTG=ASO)7C^;&A/HPS]\I@


M



Z4EC/
MA/6:7E]=!D-.L(W
M[+%%[+'R4;67^3;?!.ZOR0O/L2IJ/PB?]W/::;;&
CRX/3Q8I(I:D+%NQ(#;


'_?KQXT6BE5

MWAA-YG'&X;

B:6GN=M=14


Y@BP![F:H
8\]CI^E1FW#U#@%G&PW`FMX-01])&N'+[_L)W
0K0*B

ML'\GK?DD;;2RO+@L/!-]
:;:P;;OXTL#X88?1^DCUWR$7[614JK[1J;;MRPE
M


M9Q+70E/USW+)[84][WKU*!]B?(?P\3N!


MBT-*/WK.
1VUVAKTHL:TC$=?%WO6-T#.



QB7Q=


//=%*
\_3Z(?RC
&


M)]

M01#AL;^K'AF)MFM]XSZEE#]Y_JWP'R!X#*[\4X?;@^7/&]4;]87A70:0=6`Q

R.I03KM1


_

BUF.-Q5UCLIR(+!8&FJ8]R94+8J''HH!*+)'P6RZ
M'




$:
MZ*@^J800V#%.R$#G@,N`:^$A2FK2YY)511P3`7?`;%QA7P=T@%/E:)M4Y.




M[A'\&A`D/`P;L



M(^;I[?DASHT_W(V&1+'O23B




QFQ7!$&[^T]D!W8:OE[UZO0

1(-<0F5Z



:




MW5QM3R



MS

'T0B)M=U!=VP'8FNCM/
MRPL#[!`UNF1BLA6^)24O`*^K1ROL'A$4!74BN@+0)FKNB/3ZD&_(OJR4
Y!
M$\JV0?2HX1%80%@0LR3(KA'&D8:N`AA`N(1MNSLBNI23@9$\'*!
Q40R%7









M'[8#;*HIH4;B2I*',B@Y][GF!53':X-&Y_FK+#

H7+;)899Z(R+A
M#*
Q[(C(U//$045;O!R!-\%;GG$.-Y972L7F_DYWT-
BN


MG=D



M*^ZM
DUVN.E#_`%`F)RXW@@-BT`N?*XA3\0!:JN'\^9S#WGF66^^OO^IU
X?
MS5HJ=YA921
\$@P=I$R&Z5E!/)6+[B8U[-9#UQ8Y6R+6P]YBO7+BF&$)9_DC




T6=C4$.+U=?S)N$
M'



34P
S
Q

M5?Z#
^?98^OBV]9N3FGL\9:S



/!`7W^Y2&-/B;I]*!_

O?WPSC+_3A8M:+=L-KUSL[.


SG
M)

#


;*4FZGEP_THD3/@MM!?)Z
2D@?*LS'T90=A7?Y4GP^RR)
MQCE7Y!)&(1Y:XEEW1K6\;F?S2ZCY+F3BFN=&!#O(@D*VC%\I9_A(\U?K^))
MDLY+#K7G5F%?!H2MYL%[_^5M%M$5D=6#9*+.;SI]7IR%T[C$`:/#UH(@J0H
MY[V;)`IK

M3/PBR@T*R.C;H+C)W`]C.](NNNXL;-G/_IS
'TAJ4M+U?KN*.0.)TJ!X(/MO


8]L(9&#?C\A]@*=^D)`.;V:]D

MAG



&1









G`#4)`Y+*_;;\



CTJ/8;
MWCL2P)-YV&;&5NO7.W:8U65\(M?`S!D=#D\]98F\-#L6/OV*J'P<EKP::
M
T#

Z6]IO6.'
MFUDC:W

M.W9X(KCUY]8!*X=99^ZE6_+HORXJ2I^AKPFWK%K=T:K[U`(AW,BWUUJWNJ

M[




!L-&\

5$)+9HV&WN]GNNMB'FFV-5?O4(8NF+H=Q
M-17H?E(;;0&%Z\Q\U0Q,2(K[E*AJI^?9FD5;6LUHEDC7Z\H=53RS;9[H!7



QMWBA0DV?TC]+IQNG6`_]'\KR<_*C<3

7F
M\X#

M$F



IG:N?XP-!]LM(+5#
MXE(O]

M':6JZ
S=XV'+8M&R5``4`ENS'64\-.9N^=A.V*%#N`$`XW)SF?!2Y*KPIQ
MFIMZX]
=[8SD8:![H!5)HNK0X236
E%U8-.MH9VHVKQK623W7XFJ;_EI0^=W






M!XF61QQW

541)&R
M)&P'2!&X.[094\$+C;+'92W15V09Y(E#R6YS1SV!S*Z=3J'2!P#VBSV\+
MD

%P
M@B#)2)

M@P=9*

Y7\2+3
YZ.@CQ\JLK+


L;+6'

M'+S80GA-R54NV]:B7J5#4`ZF*^MP:N`8010

M7!\?NFO'F0A&


M3#9!8;M_O%8Z34K0VI
`!\/NU01'#%S8[B!?8J/%[.#'J_@)1A6UR^
QPT:G

M3I

'S
MSK+K`=.N9-=KDV4YNUYW2;N';B7+&'W$&_8=6O)=%[$5`BMY[:HZ'X$L8RK/



M/9Y^3:(BSOWT]3*
2


W14WC&UW4#G:`G&-S_8;
MR16R&T7-8`IW:*NV6%_401F+A7


<`0(O
MCH'3<F1E:N^]
.TK


MV*H\LZ6&S6B8D9LT%$:HI&T!




M5J^P:G

!6!I.S@
=@
M6:;G3@C;+/W/,E$+C'S+P.=.@P-;W^(M=$.,A^+LSS&=V#7\7=CKX:?A-H






MM5Q2[2@!68Y%5Y0_T]L[LZO%'NKG5'SHQ

M$

$!`%U#OAU*9/D-74?X99).2)@7

/9_Y#7,\R)7PH+UQYFB
M+YLTMRL-T+)[OG!7:N*
WITM_;7-&E_-$E.#HS^=)YVC!
ZX.L&67:A9?`E)


M&$MIUSUXK+7EUR#+$OQU1NZF

M(!)ISK5DC*/2'\J$P:UIR%Q*S-8E!/HP;+$0#W^)ZLQE'2(V3FKI'8Z
DZ8$
MW@#I1?3;-DYXJMF-E


H!IJ*-0X7*?C6Y_\JJ;.18






M%-TF6?W^



W
)7#*<)`$20RJ7'E1@+ARQG








SA!$+[C

4(\*'&
%Z4WYV9
U]ONX5R:H#PE;(WBA?N%8KD\1)RVXZ<QG7W)=4;(7Z(SG



M`&YT=VXM
C`Q-3`S






DJ=H!/?94J='-_#;N-\
MI-


MF)A(W&WD5CH

M






@
MTC.)5);[QA:@Z!V4+(--.Y!!`51?24=`3X\%N!<W)/[6IZ'Z%GOXCW(6(RC
M'*1W@YHQ
%8J2\G00-$8J

MW$YG;EEFR%$'&&T&CNWL6YUY

R83^C':H#CU(=WX0&AT7:@)Y8M(J.@9:Z@HP'
ME5Y'S
C4/R!8/3L)G&YB2'Q+YGHL0:/[2)G+?_.P%2_


$L3)%CR5BA6UMI@TD[CXW;
M6;@%H$V



C3BG[@U*)J#
MK+T%JZSG#2HK(3TL
OPX]V\=4UA.7%*O`W](I/^](I(M#KC?$X;X;'B[;@





MTMPTKZ5)3XRIUWZW?@CGZ&=FP&:HWD_HU5]Y3


M!G)ZJ`F]1$QN

JXH80!7X
MRZ)'YU.:R/TT3Y(]]*[W
4ZL1=.=/SMHQN_A9_(G_IL:N0X
/*Z1E*S]8AVE
M!#=13!.9/


QTOGW-TN]E





MWM;_`UJN77_G!-/0F[INC)1O'J8036XZ)8$P]IK9M3_ME]^[RBU_
:7HC=CJ





Q#CW@-*J-J



RKZ

#V5-A&1/



M.

IN1:!/ZA


Y^F-_?S^]_`(L;\.ML^CBJG+/0





MU7QI7J54@5K7MFXH-:*(\@$4'I%)91

M++)0TNA




/



X2

I/)DRR!ZP%]I;]K.*PFRN+N;+^_HX3@^



M9(2

MY6AQ#-HJZD6%T@KEJ
HBJR$+T;F..361%2C3%8M/J)A@D]$:)M*
G%QUJ'LH

[<X$M@25N$UO[EIL3GQO')S.L(W]]I+Z]MB?O639:JGECE
MO\E`3*@I%GANM)9:D?11(JK


04GR0+G2
HI
GGW2X)A^L#1GK0I+$2(

7L3=AR/K;DJL.;WA_
ON`W



($B1

?2$T;G)$$5XR
R(8G-R'
MJ.=(7S44.1UK#!G15ZKH`

MW*3SJ7=
L;4
T+?R

M80C7W#=Y3`I#EJ:-=X:50$WSO21XF[4V_.1.6884H\H6[6/BIEUS!*#1AWID
MX8ZZS


I?)@H;*;MX4--5]A`6H`V-;)'6_@($J7F
M
8M^E=O_-ESYE[D;K^]FOTJ^&@G&\PPPY+D8O=
_5F!//G7-H'QKW1;*OCJP





BS4^


E%?FZ([OE3+P7K`TY:]B##%T_

?%
(;Y%5/T

%
MDZ]`%(+V5Y1#:]JW5*00;O!]!)&F=9'








.L(Z3I6H?$^B^
MVT0O[SWH4].(?JA;1/2K@I

%0:2U0?C(#'V.&/EQ

M6W(AA!Q7/2T75S_]N+B]GCT^_?E/'[[]'ES/;N97\Z7YA5X6@_6U70V`^LOD
MXLQG'/VI-C-6`C?CDEGP%O_=](L;.4YW3$[U/I!ISCZK;&USZ@T4EL-7'`5`

0%?I1)%+90[24L==I?J(
MJ=[1A`D?Z@E/2%&D2430N*3V8`M7H(`2ZK@D$R$R.!+^-!R[PTQ@.
248D
M$DT]R&!

IZHCEXLC)_



;78

M%
;Y/Y']]Q-



:HH`_H1

MWN?IE


M2D[TM]3!!.1=@+P/D'=BR663;N+F31*`_&-P@$YL7K^ZX)07:58#J1WZ^'
4


06B=(`0VJA!


M?9*7_`P3Y)7C?





MU[\U'F1
A$K`2%$\`4X*LLY!T7N=:((K).`[\F8O=HTS5`]Q].(GVLHQC`


QBN/HHI%UV[.H9;RWF8;]4%H-_R4H+IC96W<T7_0[PP]84LUO


M%AL

ML2+9=A@L-7N






M
HA9*[O


MB9+N!Q1FS.Q0GOBH(W\\TCA](SN\&5`VM&/9@!
RMD5DW[2]563D]$RNZDB/



M!$L8;R]:[*L9-C1GQ]

#UTQ8$XV8'$Q8&YIP%(\8#B-\0LM5KV+













[B)GG
MU(XTJS1K21.X`^MQAT(7B3G2;*'WC46KBA14OH@DI_?Q/%3S!^08LF]UA1



DROES0:7B$:*?ANVG&-<F`





M+=;D5\A'FX6IGQY8@4^%#O1&1%4DJ\
MIP4EXJ)`PQKD](!V8+)B:1\I'_/*

='%.99A6(L@=



6RI7K%G%1[QK\IY0W&Z8310'J3K*I+#-V42)E4Q*2#

!*G&B6P1KWFR=8R)X]?B-7K4]POG+Z

@




$:]

A[$HSPN%*X@?A

/?OD)
B;^UO<&5H#%@
M1MC\,\P))CC[AE`3D(#UK$-=D4P'4W[(C47XT+HYRC8AZD3'V[\`
8L5Y71
MU@!DFOPRH%(T!+2E#0!A#'83&-R1'MD5H7;M

MR=:B@@!0AO0PI^)%F]%8AK&Q0Y!ZQ5:!#=1S'=B:RT-(*7.*P,@I!G(V]D`
MB]9!;J*!,\+C@N!AOPI\]R:(G+93-48[`PH\LF8?MH(D%8V3'[+X#:GGCFR
M8TW\

G/4XCE(3Y^2QM74?@D1^S

Q<M)TEL2<24`E0K__A/Z-_H5^P&\3B(C_#U!+`P04``````A
M9]=&.:Z&5I8K``$W0(`%0`<`&YT=VXM
C`Q-3`S






MBB9Q

Z:X*6CN60RJ&TUA5J/F
M79

M(67X5_\W[[)9ZWL#=
^^%;_N]F
MA)B/MHW*%KIS3M(@H8]L01U-8+)Y]*/%.<E\&J;WY7+_=!XS=9H<6]#:OGA



M^

M7K_W^4U.NIU=RJ8PW*8D^#-GSZ.?T(_3]D/S`@A^\_]99FVW^%7[WVIM*)

9#5]58I+$
M\UJ27?8FU@66I]#%N!B(;(6($YC
?GT'6PB`.2%)0L;7I9R$
`H

M^593MDZQ)B`^S_U6\5Q%=A[/?1I)-XN#((8N&16DRD^O2(X?%X'#GAM,_#
MDFN0:\`:NJ`F/BM$WC50\/G];#%M!Z#\TJ:&1%O
.^TV55CP8Q=6\8^%0=




N5X!'RZ

XJ?HSOBIW%$QE=IFI-$.CP%=4`2
MQVUD5@.4@%[









4@;D^:

G*5(Q&;LVAFN%WX2@8C2&Y(4MYUJ/=L
M3


7S=3D;IBDI[.C7U'^@
M(<V@@U^)S\P/XU%T2X(\2:#O4.!;'6K?\*L1E-6OTSQ08)91/_
E]SHC.F]

8N&'Z5LBB<Z8=Y-HL3^A<9?X=)(*D(






1E$0
M!0H3;CUN^6@$[BTM--D-QV-:PKCQZ?@J.O

M\0G4P=AXYUX=;DGFTXB
5PD_AD&0S_
B_^XJ(;M8'=2505PH++KUU$$7GT`=


MU*D@A[/03]/1I)@%=0


M;*

BS%9BL5P

M?TTH7LF#SA;&*I(\T8!&4WX:WWOH2\K_DW+M_D9#\=#%C+-X.N2=2%8A.I





W\ES\



M1LQ4&.BKK.@=NX_%--_
Z


M5\*\CM_`!!701S]\R_E\%64$Z

)];:JN2X1$P
MW4J;Y?J)^L9/1DEAW!VOF64DQ.LUX'UNV3ZO!CR!6AC;++?5PD42IKM\#K]:
MC9W=!K10W\*%N^%L%.-G%(65KA95HF%_F8MCNC\TZ?L)+7/ZZ1.LER)@3#
MIYG[;D_*ND(5G9:WL?S,5;29:;O]H`L(TM!*Q_*S^Q#$0@AU.(GG!OD@`



_.\QBW8-:;:X!7G6U)'U1D!^



M7(D9JS,(!$6V5'S*
M5TK&_D6N^O:*)N1I%PFW)O0*IU9#M@HU3*CR2MZIT?F8U&4WNGM2ZO/R%^:

.I8R9&LY.Q9FQ6L5R4[O9*8K-F9PG



4=3FE05BZ*NV:EZ\/-*D?.AS#ZK)



(=J7NAET!
KMX2;`3
M*0E4OI6Y]BU



9'-\WQ+F:@/R.8NCPK


:VZSRN?7%
M+`6M?@_XS58@`.N;1Z?*3Z](CB=B-?@[@A*Q\MAGLWBA/Y%QM]A*4TJ?I@W
ML&ZF7Q9KE@6=AYQV\#5O

$S33K5`#.R\A=<<FQ(&J)!$5XB($J]&II

*OCY#I^)DGY$YU+\P;O
M\K-`#JX#VX;:[&$7PI5(YV

Y!7TA4QI%

#(@'CP*X74_



M16F6Y$56!/G**Z@!$QXNKVKEFBL%8LMORFYQ4$`.IL.HS&<\)]HP-Q!)AS@

=_@)A?%3JAQ\?;(O!EM..';/7





MYR




M5F[ZPHR']1L#Z;3H.-H4IT`+]F6K%



V_T-:YC4?B70EH)3M
NXJ
MI9

MEMZ^[
#=7;-A[Q#)H^WVKK(T










VO1H






M)R9WEN?BD20@YVAZ':?IF9\DB\LX81$2\(]'FOGAYN]%8[I.6R`A%



MC#Z1UT^SJY];$L110$-:T*-I5M!NJ@

MLOPE8










&[IO[E3+

M[IJO41ODA2(]CID2:`.S9


?J!H8N

XV05\J05,.O`D)!:V$XDCPA+$/3F4N$.Q)F]/?2

M(\JP





7RWJ-0BQ75/H*4M3;`*E*BQ
M5=&IW\-H4N8]2Z]*GX]9'`*L]!S6P``V`6YC-*L]NO@S9YF5C8(TQ?6!T?9%

E&*@CVX$T=%Q+BFVP2OGM?[C

M)S;0*3THN.5!'+B
NV+.!+LO
:HN^%*L!SD(
XS)BH
P4-A/)$SQJ16#Z89C




6B#6]P
MA
L$:$VI*O!^^E'T3G9\;58YDPYD?A/+2B\?[RI(7C5H3#EH-$N0NYB
9M

';H
MW')BZI-P@L(0JA:KGBOB=A7K&6V$ZO9&TYP'7LJ9EHY4/I@OM!X^P-)[A







[J]PCF.</*_.&!]B[IRRF^`7J8VYYQKK\G-,T*)/\
MD?%;CK_Z*Y\/1`JBGL/*XN0#E2!_K30*LTD`!M]]C_F__KDA\SL448V;)X0


SM71F'/&


-PC-40M4K+$YU$4DVSE)@X066$83Y@;F1PL7




M```1`!P`;G1W;BTR
#$U
#
S








MY]CITQ_5-1#)09N2E=XCE`^KZ&77C125M)%K^VYJHZ%88XN3#94'D76#7.GV
MAC.
!0_8V7ZDI^


JXS*

__;7\\M_&JWV;:?9&56L%IEP



*
MFWL;07AMJZTDH=


M5O=VKUK:\P5J8XZ_^F!T^TG2$85DL:=Z4M[L!E\WP_8O'^4.M/VKI*8BXC@1


M/-ZC/S`&2KP%9@+&1,7S
:1S0


CC#VO5LI4HC(N_JD5Q=/JJ;



MYT1O'B@K(75U*(3=T[YY




]_*PJK?B50WL1%KYZ]%


ME4\+V1JDX



0%32PAH?FAIKDCF=&Y01P[\A`X#/T@*&-
?DQ5UKM9KJN$




6E5@8``%U$
M```5`!@```````$```D@0%S``!N='=N+3(P,34P,S,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`4`


#$U
#
S


M@@(#`!4`&````````0```*2!V9\``&YT=VXM
C`Q-3`S
S%?;&%B+GAM;%54

34P
S
Q7W!R92YX;6Q5

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'

