

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-036433
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130625
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130625
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001353538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BAKERY PRODUCTS [2050]
		IRS NUMBER:				203547231
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52776
		FILM NUMBER:		13931080
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-635-4047
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 SCHOOL AVENUE
		CITY:			CHATHAM
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07928









     





Washington
 D.C. 20549



ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13
OR 15 (d) OF THE


For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    





Summit
 New Jersey 07601


Registrant's telephone number
 including
area code:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(973) 635-4047

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to section
12(g) of the Act:

Common Stock
 $.001 par value



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 



is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 



has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a small reporting company.



    
    

    
    

    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act). Yes 


On September 30
 2012
 the last business
day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter there was no trading market for the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock. The registrant&rsquo;s common stock last traded on October 16
 2008.


 2013
 1
375
755 shares of
the registrant's common stock were outstanding.






    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 Executive Officers

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; regarding the plans and objectives
of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may
cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which
are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions
underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can
be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans
will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &ldquo;Business
Management's

We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used herein refer to Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated.


    
    











&ldquo;our&rdquo;

 2005. We are
a development stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the
United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
Dreesen's
 retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts
to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007. Accordingly
 prior operations
in this regard are reflected in these financial statements as discontinued operations.




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into and closed a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the
aggregate
 approximately
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
925) shares (rounded-up) of our common
stock
of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of
the holder into
 approximately
 one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
 for aggregate
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were
a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four
(950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A
Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares
(rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred
forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes
in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate
of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from
us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
New Jersey.


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.


 2007
 we put into effect
an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available
for issuance (the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate
shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock.


    
    



 2007
 the holders of all
the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock.
As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 740
754 shares of Common Stock.


 2008 (the &ldquo;Series A
Preferred Elimination Date&rdquo;)
 all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and
unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding
as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.


 2008 (the &ldquo;Reverse
Split Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock.
Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Reverse Split Effective Date was
converted into one (1) share of Common Stock. All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the
Reverse Split.


 we sold 55
000 shares
of restricted Common Stock to our Chief Financial Officer
 for $2
000. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration
pursuant to Sections 4(2) and 4(6) or the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;). The stock certificate representing
these shares was imprinted with a legend restricting transfer unless pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
from registration under the Act.


 2013
 our authorized capital
stock consisted of 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 1
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock of which 1
375
755 shares of Common
Stock
 and no shares of Preferred Stock
 were issued and outstanding. All shares of Common Stock currently outstanding are validly
issued
 fully paid and non-assessable.


31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 950
944 shares of our outstanding Common
Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share from the Chapter
7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases
No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constituted all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
an affiliate of Rodman
 and represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of May 6
 2013.


 2013
 Ironbound loan $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The
Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest
on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; (as defined
in the Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the Note).




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
company or business. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical
location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under
the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
may have significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more
than one target business
 unless additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an initial
business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


    
    



enter into a merger with a shell company is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would
hope to avoid the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant
expenses incurred to comply with the various federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 unless
and until additional financing is obtained we expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business combination.
Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike
certain entities that have the resources to consummate several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries
or multiple segments of a single industry
 we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target business may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single
or limited number of products
 processes or services
 in which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business
will not prove to be commercially viable.

Our
officers are only required to devote a very small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed
basis. Our officers may be entitled to receive compensation from a target company they identify or provide services in connection
We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary
 none of which will be hired on a retainer basis. We do not anticipate hiring
any full-time employees so long as we are seeking and evaluating business opportunities.


to play any managerial role for us following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect.


we will consider several factors
 including the following:
































to be exhaustive and any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular target business will be based
 to the extent relevant
on the above factors
 as well as other considerations we deem relevant. In connection with our evaluation of a prospective target
business
 we anticipate that we will conduct a due diligence review which will encompass
 among other things
 meeting with incumbent
management as well as a review of financial
 legal and other information.


    
    



evaluate a target business (including conducting a due diligence review) and to structure and consummate the business combination
(including negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable
corporate and securities laws) cannot be determined at this time. Our president intends to devote only a very small portion of
his time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 the consummation of a business combination may require a longer time than if he devoted
his full time to our affairs. However
 he will devote such time as he deems reasonably necessary to carry out our business and
affairs. The amount of time devoted to our business and affairs may vary significantly depending upon
 among other things
 whether
we have identified a target business or are engaged in active negotiation of a business combination.


target businesses will be brought to our attention from various sources
 including securities broker-dealers
 investment bankers
venture capitalists
 bankers and other members of the financial community
 including
 possibly
 the executive officers and our
affiliates.


 federal and state tax
laws and regulations have a significant impact upon the structuring of business combinations. We will evaluate the possible tax
consequences of any prospective business combination and will endeavor to structure a business combination so as to achieve the
most favorable tax treatment to our company
 the target business and our respective stockholders. There can be no assurance that
the Internal Revenue Service or relevant state tax authorities will ultimately assent to our tax treatment of a particular consummated
business combination. To the extent the Internal Revenue Service or any relevant state tax authorities ultimately prevail in recharacterizing
the tax treatment of a business combination
 there may be adverse tax consequences to our company
 the target business
 and our
respective stockholders.


purchasing the securities of such company or business. However
 we do not intend to engage primarily in such activities. Specifically
we intend to conduct our activities so as to avoid being classified as an &quot;investment company&quot; under the Investment Company
Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Act&rdquo;) and therefore avoid application of the costly and restrictive registration
and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


Act excepts from the definition of an &quot;investment company&quot; an entity which does not engage primarily in the business
of investing
 reinvesting or trading in securities
 or which does not engage in the business of investing
 owning
 holding or trading
&quot;investment securities&quot; (defined as &quot;all securities other than government securities or securities of majority-owned
subsidiaries&quot;) the value of which exceed 40% of the value of its total assets (excluding government securities
 cash or cash
items). We intend to operate any business in the future in a manner which will result in the availability of this exception from
the definition of an investment company. Consequently
 our acquisition of a company or business through the purchase and sale of
investment securities will be limited. Although we intend to act to avoid classification as an investment company
 the provisions
of the Investment Company Act are extremely complex and it is possible that we may be classified as an inadvertent investment company.
We intend to vigorously resist classification as an investment company
 and to take advantage of any exemptions or exceptions from
application of the Investment Company Act
 which allows an entity a one-time option during any three-year period to claim an exemption
as a &quot;transient&quot; investment company. The necessity of asserting any such resistance
 or making any claim of exemption
could be time consuming and costly
 or even prohibitive
 given our limited resources.


may arise
 such as appraisal rights afforded the stockholders of a target business under the laws of its state of organization.
This may prove to be deterrent to a particular combination.


    
    





IN ADDITION TO THE OTHER INFORMATION
PROVIDED IN THIS REPORT
 YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS IN EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS
 OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL
CONDITION. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US
 THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL OR THAT ARE SIMILAR
TO THOSE FACED BY OTHER COMPANIES IN OUR INDUSTRY OR BUSINESS IN GENERAL
 SUCH AS COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS
 MAY ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS
OPERATIONS. THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS
 FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.


BASIS FOR EVALUATING PROSPECTS.


 we have no operating
business or plans to develop one. We are currently seeking to enter into a merger or business combination with another company.
To date
 our efforts have been limited to meeting our regulatory filing requirements and searching for a merger target.

We
Have Limited Resources and No Revenues From Operations
 and WILL Need Additional Financing in Order to Execute ANY Business Plan
AND HISTORICALLY RELIED UPON FUNDING FROM OUR MAJORITY STOCKHOLDER.


 no revenues
from operations to date and our cash on hand may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months.
In addition
 we will not achieve any revenues (other than insignificant investment income) until
 at the earliest
 the consummation
of a merger and we cannot ascertain our capital requirements until such time. Further limiting our abilities to achieve revenues
in order to avoid status as an &quot;Investment Company&quot; under the Investment Company Act
 we can only invest our funds prior
to a merger in limited investments which do not invoke Investment Company status. There can be no assurance that determinations
ultimately made by us will permit us to achieve our business objectives.


through capital contributions from our former majority stockholder
 R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&nbsp; On January 11
 2013
Rodman filed a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.&nbsp; As a result
 we do not expect any further funding from R&amp;R.&nbsp; Subsequent
to our fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound acquired the 950
944 shares of Common Stock then owned by R&amp;R
from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy
proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and
13-10089). On May 14
 2013 we raised $100
000 of funds from Ironbound and issued the Note to it. We believe that such funds will
be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements during the next twelve months. However
 we may require additional funds and cannot
provide assurance that adequate additional funds will be available if needed or
 if available
 will be offered on acceptable terms.
Failure to receive adequate additional funding will cause us to cease operations.

We
Will Be Able to Effect At Most One Merger
 and Thus May Not Have a Diversified Business.


likely have the ability to effect only a single merger. This probable lack of diversification will subject us to numerous economic
competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a material adverse impact upon the particular industry in
which we may operate subsequent to the consummation of a merger. We will become dependent upon the development or market acceptance
of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.


    
    


We
Depend SUBSTANTIALLY upon OUR PRESIDENT
 Whose Experience Is Limited
 to Make All Management Decisions.


dependent upon the efforts of our president
 Arnold Kling. Notwithstanding the importance of Mr. Kling
 we have not entered into
any employment agreement or other understanding with Mr. Kling concerning compensation or obtained any &quot;key man&quot; life
insurance on any of his life. The loss of the services of Mr. Kling will have a material adverse effect on our business objectives
and success. We rely upon the expertise of Mr. Kling and do not anticipate that we will hire additional personnel.


OUR MANAGEMENT AND OUR NON-MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDERS.


management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other investors. Our officers may be entitled to receive
compensation from a target company they identify or provide services to in connection with a business combination. A conflict of
interest may arise between our management&rsquo;s personal pecuniary interest and their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Further
our management&rsquo;s own pecuniary interest may at some point compromise their fiduciary duty to our stockholders. In addition
Mr. Kling
 our president and sole director
 and Mr. Warshaw
 our chief financial officer
 are currently involved with other blank
check offerings and conflicts in the pursuit of business combinations with such other blank check companies with which they and
affiliates of our majority stockholder are
 and may in the future be affiliated with
 may arise. If we and the other blank check
companies that our officers and directors are affiliated with desire to take advantage of the same opportunity
 then those officers
and directors that are affiliated with both companies would abstain from voting upon the opportunity. We cannot assure you that
conflicts of interest among us
 our management and our stockholders will not develop.


COMPANIES SUITABLE FOR A MERGER TRANSACTION OF THE TYPE CONTEMPLATED BY MANAGEMENT.


a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination. We
are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with
 joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities
 including small public companies
and venture capital firms
 are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us.
Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources
 technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently
 we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.


ABILITY OF MANAGEMENT TO LOCATE AND ATTRACT A SUITABLE ACQUISITION.


speculative. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations
 financial condition and management
of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to seek business combination(s) with entities having established
operating histories
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event
we complete a business combination
 the success of our operations may be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture
partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.


    
    



OR OTHER TRANSACTION.


in a merger with
 joint venture with or acquisition of
 a private or public entity. No assurances can be given that we will successfully
identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination. Management has not identified
any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to negotiate
a business combination on favorable terms
 and there is consequently a risk that funds allocated to the purchase of our shares
will not be invested in a company with active business operations.


OF A MERGER.


combination
 it is likely our current management will not retain any control or managerial responsibilities. Upon such event
 Mr.
Kling and Mr. Warshaw intend to resign from their positions with us.


AND SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTED UPON A MERGER OR BUSINESS COMBINATION.


the issuance of 100
000
000 shares of our Common Stock. There are currently 98
624
245 authorized but unissued shares of Common
Stock available for issuance. To the extent that additional shares of Common Stock are authorized and issued in connection with
a merger or business combination
 our stockholders could experience significant dilution of their respective ownership interests.
Furthermore
 the issuance of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may adversely affect prevailing market prices
 if any
for our Common Stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities.




 2013 Ironbound beneficially
owned over 69% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. As a result
 Ironbound is able to exercise control over matters requiring
stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 and the approval of mergers
 consolidations and sales of all or substantially
all of our assets.


WHICH MAY RESTRICT THE ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK IN THE SECONDARY MARKET.


(&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) has adopted regulations which generally define &quot;penny stock&quot; to be an equity security that has a
market price
 as defined
 of less than $5.00 per share
 or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions
including an exception of an equity security that is quoted on a national securities exchange. Our Common Stock is not now quoted
on a national exchange and has not traded since October 16
 2008 and therefore may be deemed to be a penny stock. As such
 they
are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell these securities. For example
the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser's
written consent to the transactions prior to the purchase. Additionally
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to the transaction
of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered underwriter
 and current quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker-dealer
is the sole market maker
 the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally
among other requirements
 monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account
and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The &quot;penny stock&quot; rules
 may restrict the ability of our stockholders
to sell our Common Stock and warrants in the secondary market.


    
    



16
 2008 BEEN THINLY TRADED
 LIQUIDITY IS LIMITED
 AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO OBTAIN LISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK ON A MORE LIQUID
MARKET.


16
 2008. Since inception our Common Stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and currently on the OTC Markets
 both of
which provide significantly less liquidity than a national securities exchange such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ. There is uncertainty
that we will ever be accepted for a listing on a national securities exchange. The purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may
find it difficult to resell their shares at prices quoted in the market or at all.











Summit Avenue
 Suite 22
 Summit
 New Jersey which are owned by Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;)
 an affiliated company
of Kirk Warshaw
 our chief financial officer and secretary. We occupy our principal offices on a month to month basis. On January
1
 2009
 we began paying a quarterly fee of $500 to the LLC for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to
our principal offices. We do not own or intend to invest in any real property. We currently have no policy with respect to investments
or interests in real estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate
activities.














MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

. &#9;The trading symbol of our
Common Stock on the OTCQB is &quot;NTWN&quot;. Our Common Stock last traded on October 16
 2008.

. As of June 25
 2013
 there were 69 record
holders of all of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.


    
    





on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
if any
 is within the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings
 if any
 our capital requirements and financial condition
and such other factors as the Board may consider.





 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 we are not required to provide the information
required by this item.







with limited operations and have very limited revenues from our business operations since our incorporation in September 2005.
Until December 31
 2007
 we held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception
of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
 Dreesen's
 retained for itself.
The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.


 we discontinued
our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand
 we have no employees and our main purpose has been to effect a business combination
with an operating business which we believe has significant growth potential. As of yet
 we have no definitive agreements or understandings
with any prospective business combination candidates and there are no assurances that we will find a suitable business with which
to combine. The implementation of our business objectives is wholly contingent upon a business combination and/or the successful
sale of our securities. We intend to utilize the proceeds of any offering
 any sales of equity securities or debt securities
 bank
and other borrowings or a combination of those sources to effect a business combination with a target business which we believe
has significant growth potential. While we may
 under certain circumstances
 seek to effect business combinations with more than
one target business
 unless and until additional financing is obtained
 we will not have sufficient proceeds remaining after an
initial business combination to undertake additional business combinations.


enter into a merger with us is the desire to establish a public trading market for its shares. Such a company would hope to avoid
the perceived adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself
 such as the time delays and significant expenses incurred
to comply with the various Federal and state securities law that regulate initial public offerings.


 we
expect to have sufficient proceeds to effect only a single business combination. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success will
be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business. Unlike certain entities that have the resources to consummate
several business combinations or entities operating in multiple industries or multiple segments of a single industry
 we will not
have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. A target
business may be dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services
in which case there will be an even higher risk that the target business will not prove to be commercially viable.


a small portion of their time (less than 10%) to our affairs on a part-time or as-needed basis. We expect to use outside consultants
advisors
 attorneys and accountants as necessary. We do not anticipate hiring any full-time employees so long as we are seeking
and evaluating business opportunities.


    
    



no managerial role in our company following a business combination. Although we intend to scrutinize closely the management of
a prospective target business in connection with our evaluation of a business combination with a target business
 our assessment
of management may be incorrect. We cannot assure you that we will find a suitable business with which to combine.


next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business.
We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision
of our officers and directors.




 2013
 we had no operating
business
 no equipment
 and no employees. We do not intend to develop our own operating business but instead plan to merge with
another operating company.



Continuing
March 31


 


with limited operations and did not have any operating revenues during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 were $31
049 and $36
595
 respectively. These expenses primarily constituted
general and administrative expenses related to accounting and compliance with the Exchange Act. The decrease in expenses experienced
from 2012 to 2013 was due to lower professional fees.




 2013
 we did not have any
revenues from operations. Our principal source of operating capital recently has been provided in the form of loans and capital
contributions from our stockholders. Absent a merger or other combination with an operating company
 we do not expect to have any
revenues from operations. No assurance can be given that such a merger or other combination will occur or that we can engage in
any public or private sales of our equity or debt securities to raise working capital. We are dependent upon future loans or capital
contributions from our present stockholders and/or management and there can be no assurances that our present stockholders or management
will make any loans or capital contributions to us. At March 31
 2013
 we had cash of $9
810 and negative working capital of $27
123.


31
 2013
 on May 14
 2013
 our majority stockholder
 Ironbound loaned us $100
000 and we issued the Note to it.


and administrative fees and expenses associated with the preparation of our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and other regulatory requirements. In the event that we engage in any merger or other combination with an operating
company
 it is likely that we will have additional material commitments.




in tabular form as of March 31
 2013.


    
    





 2013
 we have no off-balance
sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
 obligation under a derivative instrument
and obligation arising out of or a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity.





 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act
 we are not required to provide the information required by this item.





 beginning on
page F-1.





 2012 we dismissed Sherb &amp; Co.
 LLP
(&ldquo;Sherb&rdquo;) from serving as our independent accountants.and engaged Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A. (&ldquo;Liggett&rdquo;)
as our new independent accountants. Our Board of Directors unanimously recommended that we change audit firms
 directed the process
of review of candidate firms to replace Sherb and made the final decision to engage Liggett. There were no disagreements
 adverse
opinions or disclaimer of opinion by Sherb at the time of the change or during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.






Our
management
 with the participation of our president and chief financial officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) as of the
end of the period covered by this report (the &ldquo;Evaluation Date&rdquo;). Based upon that evaluation
 the president and chief
financial officer concluded that as of the Evaluation Date

that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 and chief financial
officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 including our president
and chief financial officer
 does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems
 management&rsquo;s evaluation of controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within Newtown Lane have been detected.&nbsp;

&nbsp;&nbsp;Management's Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2013. In making this assessment
 our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Our management has concluded that
 as of March 31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on these criteria.


    
    


(c)&nbsp;&nbsp; Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting




 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.







III


DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.


concerning our officers and directors as of June 25
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


. Mr. Kling has served as our president
and a director since August 2007. Mr. Kling is currently a Managing Director of GH Venture Partners
 LLC
 a private equity and
merchant banking boutique for which he also served as a Managing Director and General Counsel from 1995 to 1999. From 1999 through
August 2005
 Mr. Kling was the President of Adelphia Holdings
 LLC
 a merchant-banking firm
 as well as the managing member of
several private investment funds. From 1993 to 1995 he was a senior executive and general counsel of a Nasdaq listed licensing
and multimedia company. From 1990 through 1993
 Mr. Kling was an associate and partner in the corporate and financial services
department of Tannenbaum
 Helpern
 Syracuse &amp; Hirschtritt LLP
 a mid-size New York law firm. Mr. Kling received a Bachelor
of Science degree from New York University in International Business in 1980 and a Juris Doctor degree from Benjamin Cardozo School
of Law in 1983. Mr. Kling currently serves as a Director and President of Mattmar Minerals
 Inc. (OTCBB: MTMS)
 24Holdings
 Inc.
(OTCBB:TWFH) and Protalex
 Inc. (OTCBB: PRTX). Mr. Kling&rsquo;s professional experience and background with other companies and
with us
 as our president and director since 2007
 have given him the expertise needed to serve as our director.

. Mr. Warshaw has served as our chief
financial officer and secretary
 since August 2007. Mr. Warshaw is a financial professional who
 since 1990
 has provided clients
in a multitude of different industries with advice on accounting
 corporate finance
 and general business matters. Prior to starting
his own consulting firm
 from 1983 to 1990
 he held the various titles of controller
 Chief Financial Officer
 President
 and Chief
Executive Officer at three separate financial institutions in New Jersey. From 1980 through 1983
 Mr. Warshaw was a Senior Accountant
at the public accounting firm of Deloitte
 Haskins &amp; Sells. Mr. Warshaw is a 1980 graduate of Lehigh University and has been
a CPA in New Jersey since 1982. Mr. Warshaw is currently also the Chief Financial Officer of Mattmar Minerals
 Inc. (OTCBB: MTMS)
24Holdings Inc. (OTCBB: TWFH) and Protalex
 Inc. (OTCBB: PRTX).


to commit their full time to our business affairs and they will not devote a substantial amount of time to our business affairs.




our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees. Our Board has determined that
it does not have an &quot;audit committee financial expert
&quot; as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K.
In addition
 we have not adopted any procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board.


    
    


Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock (collectively
the &quot;Reporting Persons&quot;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the SEC. Copies of these
reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 the Reporting Persons
complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.




our limited operations. We expect that following a merger or other acquisition transaction
 our Board will adopt a Code of Ethics.





officers and Mr. Kling is our sole director. Neither received any regular compensation for their services rendered on our behalf
during our fiscal year ended on March 31
 2013. Neither Mr. Kling nor Mr. Warshaw received any compensation during the years ended
March 31
 2013 and 2012. No officer or director is required to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available
to us.


the services of professional firms that specialize in finding business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage such firms
in the future
 in which event we may be required to pay a finder's fee or other compensation. In no event
 however
 will we pay
a finder's fee or commission to any of our officers and directors or any entity with which an officer or director is affiliated.
We do not have any incentive or stock option plan in effect.




nor do we pay director&rsquo;s expenses in attending Board meetings.






    
    



SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.



information as of June 25
 2013 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities) beneficially
owned by each officer and the sole director
 each person (including any &quot;group&quot; as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
 and all officers and the sole director as a group.



    
    
    


 LLC 
 PMB 402 
 Wyoming 83001
950
944
    

    
    
    


New York
 NY 10022
237
736
    

    
    
    

New York
 NY 10022
237
736
    

    
    
    

133 Summit Ave
 Suite 22 
 NJ 07901
107
088
    

    
    
    

    
344
824
    





Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that
all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names.
For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person
has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 25
 2013 are deemed to be outstanding
 but those shares are not deemed




Does not include the shares of Common Stock issuable




Arnold P. Kling
 our president and sole director
 controls
Moyo Partners




Includes all the shares held by Moyo Partners




Mr. Warshaw is our chief financial officer and secretary.
The shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Warshaw include 52
088 shares issuable upon the exercise of an option at




Includes 52
088 shares of Common Stock issuable upon





    
    



CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.


He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system. During the
fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 R&amp;R contributed capital to us in the amount of $0 and $45
500
 respectively.


 2013
 we granted a non-qualified
option (the &ldquo;Option&rdquo;) to purchase 52
088 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 to Kirk Warshaw
for services as our chief financial officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires on
May 21
 2023.


 2013
 we issued to Ironbound
our majority stockholder
 a two- year convertible note in the principal amount of $ 100
000
 accruing interest at the rate of 5.0%
per annum. The principal and accrued interest on such note are convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of
a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo; at the &ldquo;Conversion&rdquo; (both as defined in such note).


 2009
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk
M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to our principal offices.
The agreement provides for quarterly payments from us to the LLC of $500. The effective date of the agreement is January 1
 2009.
Kirk Warshaw
 our chief financial officer
 is a managing member of the LLC. Pursuant to such agreement
 we paid or are obligated
to pay the LLC an aggregate of $2
000 during each of the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.







 2013
 we were billed $ 9
500 by
Liggett
 our independent accountants effective as of October 22
 2012
 for professional services rendered for the audit of our
annual financial statements and the review of financial statements included in our reports on Form 10-Q for the second and third
quarters and $4
000 by Sherb
 for professional services rendered for the review of financial statements included in our reports
on Form 10-Q for the first quarter. For the year ended March 31
 2012
 we paid $13
500 to Sherb
 for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.
















committee. The above services were approved by the Board.


    
    









 The following
financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are filed herewith.




Balance Sheets at March 31
 2013 and 2012

Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception)
to March 31
 2013

Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the period from September 26
 2005 (Date of Inception) to
March 31
 2013

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Date of Inception)
to March 31
 2013







is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.







        
        
    
    

    
    
Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
 effective as of August 29
 2008 (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Two- year Convertible Note
 dated May 14
 2013
 in the principal amount of $100
000
 bearing interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum issued to Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (4)

    
    
Occupancy Agreement between Newtown and Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (3)

    
    
Stock Option Agreement
 dated May 22
 2013&nbsp;&nbsp;- Kirk M. Warshaw*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








of Regulation&nbsp;S-T
 the information in these exhibits shall not be deemed to be &ldquo;filed&rdquo; for purposes of Section&nbsp;18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or otherwise subject to liability under that section
 and shall not be incorporated
by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 except as expressly
set forth by specific reference in such filing.


    
    



Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2008
and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-135495)
 filed
on June 30
 2006
 and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2009
and incorporated herein by reference.

Previously filed as an Exhibit in the company&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2013
 and incorporated herein
by reference.


    
    





Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

    
    
    
    

Date: June 25
 2013
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President



 this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Date: June 25
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 President and Sole Director
    

    
    
    

Date: June 25
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
    

    
    
    



    
    






 INCORPORATED

Company)





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) through March 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) through March 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 and for the period from September 26
 2005 (Inception) to March 31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Incorporated


 New Jersey


sheet of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (A Development Stage Company) as of March 31
 2013 and the related statements of
operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the year then ended March 31
 2013. We have also
audited the amounts presented for the period April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2013
 included in the statements of stockholder&rsquo;
equity (deficit) and in the total amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September
26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2013. We did not audit the period September 26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2012. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as
of March 31
 2013 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2013
 and the amounts presented
for the period April 1
 2012 to March 31
 2013 included in the statements of stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit) and in the total
amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September 26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.&nbsp;



    
/s/ Liggett
 Vogt &amp; Webb
 P.A.

    
    




New York
 NY 
    

June 19
 2013
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Incorporated


 New Jersey


sheet of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (A Development Stage Company) as of March 31
 2012 and the related statements of
operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the year then ended March 31
 2012. We have also
audited the amounts presented for the period April 1
 2009 to March 31
 2012
 included in the statements of stockholder&rsquo;
equity (deficit) and in the total amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September
26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2012. We did not audit the period September 26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
 2008. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated as
of March 31
 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2012
 and the amounts presented
for the period April 1
 2009 to March 31
 2012 included in the statements of stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit) and in the total
amounts presented in the statements of operations and cash flows for the period from September 26
 2005 (inception) to March 31
2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.&nbsp;



    
/s/SHERB &amp; CO
 LLP

    
    




New York
 NY 
    

June 25
 2012
    



    
    


NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
810
31
098

    
9
810
31
098

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
36
933
27
172

    
36
933
27
172

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 1
375
755 and 1
375
755 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
1
376
1
376

    
2
045
088
2
045
088

    
(2
073
587
(2
042
538

    
    
    

    
(27
123
3
926

    
    
    

    
9
810
31
098



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED





    
    
 September 26
 2005

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 general and administrative
31
049
36
595
1
630
705


 net
    
    
288
046

    
31
049
36
595
1
918
751

    
(31
049
(36
595
(1
918
751

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(154
836

    
    
    
    

    
(31
049
(36
595
(2
073
587

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
375
755
1
375
755
    



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


(DEFICIT)

 2005 (Inception)
through March 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
000
    
74
933
    
75
000

    
    
    
7
000
    
8
743
    
8
750

    
    
    
10
972
    
159
992
    
160
003

    
    
    
    
    
    
(363
474
(363
474

Balances at March 31
 2006 (Unaudited)
    
    
84
972
    
243
668
(363
474
(119
721

    
    
    
5
184
    
64
795
    
64
800

    
    
    
12
000
    
149
988
    
150
000

    
    
    
    
    
78
750
    
78
750

    
    
    
    
    
83
100
    
83
100

    
    
    
2
500
    
49
997
    
50
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
124
608
(1
124
608

Balances at March 31
 2007 (Unaudited)
    
    
104
656
    
670
298
(1
488
082
(817
679

    
    
    
    
    
19
000
    
19
000

    
    
    
27
420
    
479
784
    
479
811

    
    
    
447
925
    
599
551
    
599
999

    
    
    
740
754
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
110
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(376
382
(376
382

Balances at March 31
 2008 (Unaudited)
    
    
1
320
755
1
321
1
877
893
(1
864
464
14
750

    
    
    
55
000
    
1
945
    
2
000

    
    
    
    
    
11
750
    
11
750

    
    
    
    
    
42
500
    
42
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(75
371
(75
371

Balances at March 31
 2009
    
    
1
375
755
1
376
1
934
088
(1
939
835
(4
371

    
    
    
    
    
29
000
    
29
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(35
495
(35
495

Balances at March 31
 2010
    
    
1
375
755
1
376
1
963
088
(1
975
330
(10
866



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED


(DEFICIT) - (continued)

 2005 (Inception)
through March 31
 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
36
500
    
36
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(30
613
(30
613

    
 2011
    
    
1
375
755
1
376
1
999
588
(2
005
943
(4
979

    
    
    
    
    
45
500
    
45
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
(36
595
(36
595

    
 2012
    
    
1
375
755
1
376
2
045
088
(2
042
538
3
926

    
    
    
    
    
    
(31
049
(31
049


 2013
    
    
1
375
755
1
376
2
045
088
(2
073
587
(27
123



financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED





    
    
 September 26
 2005

    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(31
049
(36
595
(2
073
587

    
    
    
(154
836

    
(31
049
(36
595
(1
918
751

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
401
350

    
    
    
160
003

    
    
    
    

    
9
761
8
276
249
703

    
(21
288
(28
319
(1
107
695

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
799
997

    
    
    
(625
030

    
    
    
837
003

    
    
45
500
263
500

    
    
45
500
1
275
470

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(125
796

    
    
    
(29
040

    
    
    
(154
836

    
    
    
    

    
(21
288
17
181
12
939

    
    
    
    

    
31
098
13
917
    

    
9
810
31
098
12
939

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
750

    
    
    
64
800

    
    
    
479
811

    
    
    
    



of these financial statements.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012



(&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;our&rdquo;

 2005. We are
a development stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the
United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
Dreesen's
 retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts
to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are reflected in these financial
statements as discontinued operations. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.&nbsp;




 2007 (the &ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;)
 we entered into and closed a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with Moyo Partners
LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&ldquo;Moyo&rdquo;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
company (&ldquo;R&amp;R&rdquo; collectively with Moyo
 the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the
aggregate
 approximately
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
925) shares (rounded-up) of our common
stock
of our Series
A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
 each share convertible at the option of
the holder into
 approximately
 one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
 for aggregate
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were
a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


(i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four
(950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A
Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares
(rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring
two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion
by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred
forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes
in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &ldquo;December Notes&rdquo;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate
of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from
us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


was appointed to our Board of Directors (&ldquo;Board&rdquo;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director
who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers
and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr.
Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
New Jersey.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012


OF COMPANY (continued):


from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.




 our main purpose
has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &ldquo;shell&rdquo; company in
as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in
a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating
business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific
business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities
will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2007
 all of our donut-related business services activities have been accounted for as
Discontinued Operations. As such
 all of the prior activity has been shown in the financials as one line item that is labeled
&ldquo;Loss from Discontinued Operations.&rdquo; Our activities since August 2007 are shown in the Income Statement under the
section labeled &ldquo;Loss from Continuing Operations.&rdquo; These amounts are for expenses incurred since August 2007 and are
of the nature we expect to incur in the future
 whereas the Loss from Discontinued Operations are from activities we are no longer
engaged in.&nbsp;




principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are those policies considered particularly significant.





accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where
applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While
actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect
on the financial statements.





considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.





on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period presented according to the Financial
Accounting Standards Board&rsquo;s (FASB) guidance for &ldquo;EARNINGS PER SHARE&rdquo;. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects
the potential dilution that could occur if options or other contracts to issue shares of common stock were exercised or converted
to common stock as long as the effect of their inclusion is not anti-dilutive. We currently have no options or contracts to issue
shares of common stock outstanding.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012







for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period
that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless
it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.





liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value
because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.





requires the recognition of the fair value of employee stock options and similar awards and applies to all outstanding and vested
stock-based awards.


 the fair value of each option
is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free
interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based
payment awards represent management&rsquo;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and Newtown uses different assumptions
 Newtown&rsquo;s stock-based compensation
expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 Newtown is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate
and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating Newtown&rsquo;s forfeiture rate
 Newtown analyzed its
historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total
options outstanding. If Newtown&rsquo;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if Newtown reevaluates
the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded
in the current period. There was no equity based compensation for the year ended March 31
 2013.





effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
when effective
 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012



On May 9
 2007
 an employee
and two officers transferred 50
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 16
667 shares a piece) to a third party for services on
our behalf. The fair value of the 50
000 shares transferred of $19
000 was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling
general and administrative expense.


 we entered into and closed the Purchase
Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred
twenty five (447
of Preferred Stock
 each share
convertible at the option of the holder into one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent there are a sufficient
number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four (950
944) shares (rounded-up)
of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of
the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred
thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred
Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares
of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our
obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 and all accrued interest by issuing
to the Note holders an aggregate of 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and paying them cash in the aggregate amount of
$625
030.


 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our
Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance
(the &ldquo;Charter Amendment&rdquo;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of
Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 740
754 shares of Common Stock.


 2008 (the &ldquo;Series A Preferred Elimination
Date&rdquo;)
 all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated
preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred
Elimination Date.


 2008 (the &ldquo;Reverse
Split Effective Date&rdquo;)
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &ldquo;Reverse Split&rdquo;) of the Common Stock.
Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Reverse Split Effective Date was
converted into one (1) share of Common Stock. All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the
Reverse Split.


    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012




 we sold 55
000 shares
of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $11
750 of
compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.


 on May
6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&ldquo;Ironbound&rdquo;) acquired 950
944 shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Acquired Shares&rdquo;)
for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound

and uncommitted cash

 LLC (&ldquo;Rodman&rdquo;)
 Direct
Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares
of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.


 2013 and
March 31
 2012
 R&amp;R contributed to us $0 and $45
500
 respectively. The proceeds were recorded to additional paid-in capital
as contributed capital.





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
603
000
592
000

    
    
    

    
(603
000
(592
000

    
    
    



from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



 INCORPORATED



 2013 and 2012




 2013
 Newtown had approximately
$1
695
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&ldquo;NOL&rsquo;s&rdquo;) available which expires in various years beginning
in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in
2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $11
000 during the period ended March 31
 2013. The
utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 due to the recent change in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&rsquo;s may be reduced in the future if Newtown
is successful in establishing a new business.




 2009
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk
M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to its principal offices.
The agreement provides for quarterly payments from us to the LLC of $500. The effective date of the agreement is January 1
 2009.




31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound purchased the Acquired Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per
share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were
purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct
Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares
of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.


 2013
 Ironbound loan $100
000
to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
&rdquo;).
The Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued
interest on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &ldquo;Fundamental Transaction&rdquo;
(as defined in the Note) at the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo; (as defined in the Note).


 2013
 we negotiated a full settlement
with a vendor who was owed $19
875 for a cash payment of $2
246.


 2013
 we granted a non-qualified option (the &ldquo;Option&rdquo;)
to purchase 52
088 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 to Kirk Warshaw for services as our chief financial
officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires on May 21
 2023.



    














     



NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED




 2013



INCORPORATED
)
)
a stock option to purchase a total of 52
008 shares of the Company's Common Stock

Stock&rdquo;
 at a the price of $ 0.02 per share (the 



ten (10) years from the date hereof (the 



this Agreement is intended to constitute a non-qualified option
 subject to &sect;83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended
(the 

Exercise
of Options.


at any time on or after the date hereof
 in whole or in part with respect to all of the shares covered by this Agreement.


the Termination Date
 this option shall be exercisable by written notice of such exercise
 in the form prescribed by the Board
to the Secretary or Treasurer of the Company at its principal office. The notice shall specify the number of shares of Common Stock
for which the option is being exercised (which number
 if less than all of the shares then subject to exercise
 shall be 50 or
a multiple thereof) and shall be accompanied by payment (i) in cash or by check in the amount equal to the Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of shares to be purchased upon exercise
 or (ii) in such other manner as the Board shall deem acceptable. No shares
shall be delivered upon exercise of any option until all laws
 rules and regulations which the Board may deem applicable have been
complied with.


a record holder of the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement for any purpose until the date on which he is actually
recorded as the holder of such Common Stock in the records of the Company.


 prior
to the Termination Date
 this option shall be exercisable only so long as the Optionee shall continue to be affiliated with the
Company and within the ninety (90) day period after the date of termination of the Optionee&rsquo;s affiliation with the Company
to the extent vested on the date of such termination; provided however
 such termination was without cause.


    
    







Optionee is unable to continue his affiliation with the Company due to his total and permanent disability (as defined in &sect;105(d)(4)
of the Code)
 this option may be exercised
 to the extent vested on the date of such disability
 within the ninety (90) day period
from the date of disability;


death of the Optionee
 this option may be exercised
 to the extent vested on the date of death
 at any time within twelve (12)
months following the date of death by the Optionee's estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise this option by bequest
or inheritance; provided that at the time of his death the Optionee was affiliated with the Company; and


Optionee&rsquo;s affiliation with the Company is terminated for cause
 this option may be exercised
 to the extent vested on the
date of such termination
 within the thirty (30) day period after the date of such termination.


provisions of this Section (e)
 in no event shall this option be exercisable after the Termination Date.




stock split
 or combination of shares of Common Stock
 the number and amount of shares then subject to this option shall be proportionately
and appropriately adjusted; no change shall be made in the aggregate purchase price to be paid for all shares subject to this option
but the aggregate purchase price shall be allocated among all shares subject to this option after giving effect to the adjustment.


in the Common Stock
 including recapitalization
 reorganization
 sale or exchange of assets
 exchange of shares
 offering of subscription
rights
 or a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation
 an adjustment
 if any
 shall be made in
&rdquo;) may deem equitable.
Failure of the Board to provide for an adjustment pursuant to this subparagraph prior to the effective date of any Company action
referred to herein shall be conclusive evidence that no adjustment is required in consequence of such action.


or consolidated with any other corporation
 or if it sells all or substantially all of its assets to any other corporation
 then
either (i) the Company shall cause provisions to be made for the continuance of this option after such event
 or for the substitution
for this option of an option covering the number and class of securities which the Optionee would have been entitled to receive
in such merger or consolidation by virtue of such sale if the Optionee had been the holder of record of a number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the number of shares covered by the unexercised portion of this option
 or (ii) the Company shall give to the Optionee
written notice of its election not to cause such provision to be made and this option shall become exercisable in full (or
 at
the election of the Optionee
 in part) at any time during a period of 20 days
 to be designated by the Company
 ending not more
than 10 days prior to the effective date of the merger
 consolidation or sale
 in which case this option shall not be exercisable
to any extent after the expiration of such 20-day period.


    
    



Investment
Representation; Legend on Certificates; Special Restriction on

that until such time as a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933
&rdquo;)
becomes effective with respect to the option and/or the stock
 the Optionee is taking this option and will take the stock underlying
this option
 for his own account
 for investment and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof. The Company shall have
the right to place upon the face of any stock certificate or certificates evidencing shares issuable upon the exercise of this
option such legend as the Board may prescribe for the purpose of preventing disposition of such shares in violation of the 1933
Act
 as now or hereafter provided.



the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution
 and is exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionee
only by the Optionee.



not
 by virtue of holding this option
 be entitled to any rights of a stockholder in the Company.



all original issue and transfer taxes with respect to the issuance and transfer of shares of Common Stock pursuant hereto and all
other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith.



option be exercisable after the Termination Date. Nothing herein shall be deemed to create any employment agreement or guaranty
of the Optionee&rsquo;s position with the Company or limit in any way the Company's right to terminate Optionee's position with
the Company at any time.

    
    



 the parties have
caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized representatives as of the date first above written.



    
NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING
 INCORPORATED

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Arnold P. Kling
 President
    









    
    


 Optionee





    














     








 Arnold P. Kling
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
Arnold P. Kling
 

    
    

    
    




    














     








 Kirk M. Warshaw
 certify that:


I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting; and


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    














     










2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Arnold P. Kling
 President of the Company
certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects




 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.



    














     












2002


the annual report of Newtown Lane Marketing
 Incorporated (the &quot;Company&quot;) on Form 10-K for the period ending March 31
2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 I
 Kirk M. Warshaw
 Chief Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects




 2013



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request.


    

















 June 25










2005-09-26


2006-03-31












2005-09-26


2006-03-31












2005-09-26


2006-03-31












2005-09-26


2006-03-31












2005-09-26


2006-03-31









2006-03-31












2006-03-31












2006-03-31












2006-03-31












2006-03-31









2006-04-01


2007-03-31












2006-04-01


2007-03-31












2006-04-01


2007-03-31












2006-04-01


2007-03-31












2006-04-01


2007-03-31









2007-03-31












2007-03-31












2007-03-31












2007-03-31












2007-03-31









2007-05-01


2007-05-09












2007-05-01


2007-05-09









2007-08-08












2007-08-08












2007-08-08









2007-10-19












2007-12-19









2007-12-01


2007-12-31









2007-04-01


2008-03-31












2007-04-01


2008-03-31












2007-04-01


2008-03-31












2007-04-01


2008-03-31












2007-04-01


2008-03-31












2007-04-01


2008-03-31













2007-04-01


2008-03-31









2008-03-31












2008-03-31












2008-03-31












2008-03-31












2008-03-31












2008-08-15









2008-04-01


2009-03-31












2008-04-01


2009-03-31












2008-04-01


2009-03-31












2008-04-01


2009-03-31












2008-04-01


2009-03-31












2008-04-01


2009-03-31









2009-03-31












2009-03-31












2009-03-31












2009-03-31












2009-03-31









2009-04-01


2010-03-31












2009-04-01


2010-03-31












2009-04-01


2010-03-31












2009-04-01


2010-03-31












2009-04-01


2010-03-31









2010-03-31












2010-03-31












2010-03-31












2010-03-31












2010-03-31









2010-04-01


2011-03-31












2010-04-01


2011-03-31












2010-04-01


2011-03-31












2010-04-01


2011-03-31












2010-04-01


2011-03-31









2011-03-31












2011-03-31












2011-03-31












2011-03-31












2011-03-31









2011-04-01


2012-03-31












2011-04-01


2012-03-31












2011-04-01


2012-03-31












2011-04-01


2012-03-31












2011-04-01


2012-03-31









2012-03-31












2012-03-31












2012-03-31












2012-03-31












2012-03-31









2012-09-30









2012-04-01


2013-03-31












2012-04-01


2013-03-31












2012-04-01


2013-03-31












2012-04-01


2013-03-31












2012-04-01


2013-03-31












2012-04-01


2013-03-31









2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2013-03-31









2005-09-26


2013-03-31









2005-09-25












2005-09-25












2005-09-25












2005-09-25












2005-09-25









































































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Newtown Lane Marketing Incorporated &lt;font style=color: black;&gt;(&amp;#8220;we&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;us&amp;#8221; or&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#8220;Newtown&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on September 26
 2005. We are a development stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
 Dreesen's
 retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are reflected in these financial statements as discontinued operations. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;EQUITY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On August 8
 2007 (the &amp;#8220;Effective Date&amp;#8221;)
 we entered into and closed a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Moyo&amp;#8221;) and R&amp;amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&amp;#8220;R&amp;amp;R&amp;#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &amp;#8220;Purchasers&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
925) shares (rounded-up) of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;) and&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;five hundred (500&lt;i&gt;) &lt;/i&gt;shares&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four (950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &amp;#8220;December Notes&amp;#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On the Effective Date: (i) Arnold P. Kling was appointed to our Board of Directors (&amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) and served together with Vincent J. McGill
 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Following Mr. McGill&amp;#8217;s resignation from our Board on August 20
 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;THE COMPANY TODAY&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Since the Effective Date
 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &amp;#8220;shell&amp;#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Commencing with the filing of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
 2007
 all of our donut-related business services activities have been accounted for as Discontinued Operations. As such
 all of the prior activity has been shown in the financials as one line item that is labeled &amp;#8220;Loss from Discontinued Operations.&amp;#8221; Our activities since August 2007 are shown in the Income Statement under the section labeled &amp;#8220;Loss from Continuing Operations.&amp;#8221; These amounts are for expenses incurred since August 2007 and are of the nature we expect to incur in the future


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Newtown&amp;#8217;s accounting policies are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Outlined below are those policies considered particularly significant.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In preparing financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Statements of Cash Flows:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;For purposes of the statements of cash flows Newtown considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share has been computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period presented according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board&amp;#8217;s (FASB) guidance for &amp;#8220;EARNINGS PER SHARE&amp;#8221;. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if options or other contracts to issue shares of common stock were exercised or converted to common stock as long as the effect of their inclusion is not anti-dilutive. We currently have no options or contracts to issue shares of common stock outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 45.35pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 45pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Equity Based Compensation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The accounting guidance for &amp;#8220;Share Based Payments&amp;#8221; requires the recognition of the fair value of employee stock options and similar awards and applies to all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and Newtown uses different assumptions
 Newtown&amp;#8217;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 Newtown is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating Newtown&amp;#8217;s forfeiture rate
 Newtown analyzed its historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If Newtown&amp;#8217;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if Newtown reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. There was no equity based compensation for the year ended March 31
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(b)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Statements of Cash Flows:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In preparing financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(c)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Earnings (Loss) Per Share:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(d)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The asset and liability method is used in accounting for income taxes. Under this method


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(e)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The estimated fair values of all reported assets and liabilities which represent financial instruments
 none of which are held for trading purposes


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(f)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Equity Based Compensation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The accounting guidance for &amp;#8220;Share Based Payments&amp;#8221; requires the recognition of the fair value of employee stock options and similar awards and applies to all outstanding and vested stock-based awards.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and Newtown uses different assumptions
 Newtown&amp;#8217;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 Newtown is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating Newtown&amp;#8217;s forfeiture rate
 Newtown analyzed its historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If Newtown&amp;#8217;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if Newtown reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. There was no equity based compensation for the year ended March 31


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal;&gt;On May 9
 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 50
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 16
667 shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 50
000 shares transferred of $19
000 was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling
 general and administrative expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On the Effective Date
 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
925) shares of our Common Stock and&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;five hundred (500&lt;i&gt;) &lt;/i&gt;shares&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
 for aggregate gross&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent there are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: 0in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On the Effective Date: (i) the Purchasers acquired control of Newtown
 with (a) R&amp;amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four (950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 and all accrued interest by issuing to the Note holders an aggregate of 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and paying them cash in the aggregate amount of $625
030.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: 0in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On October 19
 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &amp;#8220;Charter Amendment&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On December 19
 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 740
754 shares of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On August 15
 2008 (the &amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Elimination Date&amp;#8221;)
 all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On August 29
 2008 (the &amp;#8220;Reverse Split Effective Date&amp;#8221;)
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &amp;#8220;Reverse Split&amp;#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Reverse Split Effective Date was converted into one (1) share of Common Stock. All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2008
 we sold 55
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $11
750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Subsequent to our fiscal year end
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Ironbound&amp;#8221;) acquired 950
944 shares of Common Stock (the &amp;#8220;Acquired Shares&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its &lt;font style=color: black;&gt;available and uncommitted cash
 &lt;/font&gt;from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman &amp;amp; Renshaw
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Rodman&amp;#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;During the years ended March 31
 2013 and March 31
 2012
 R&amp;amp;R contributed to us $0 and $45
500


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;March 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 13.5pt; width: 74%;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &amp;amp; capital loss carry forward&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;603
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;592
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 13.5pt;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(603
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(592
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the US statutory income tax rate as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;March 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 74%;&gt;Provision for expected federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Permanent differences &amp;#8211; equity based compensation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Loss for which no benefit is available or a&amp;#160;valuation allowance has been recorded&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;At March 31
 2013
 Newtown had approximately $1
695
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&amp;#8220;NOL&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $11
000 during the period ended March 31


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;March 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 13.5pt; width: 74%;&gt;Net operating loss carry forwards &amp;amp; capital loss carry forward&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;603
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;592
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 13.5pt;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(603
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(592
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;March 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; width: 74%;&gt;Provision for expected federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Permanent differences &amp;#8211; equity based compensation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Loss for which no benefit is available or a&amp;#160;valuation allowance has been recorded&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;35&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On January 29
 2009
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &amp;#8220;LLC&amp;#8221;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to its principal offices. The agreement provides for quarterly payments from us to the LLC of $500. The effective date of the agreement is January 1


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Subsequent to the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound purchased the Acquired Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On May 14
 2013
 Ironbound loan $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
000 to Ironbound (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Note&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;). The Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &amp;#8220;Fundamental Transaction&amp;#8221; (as defined in the Note) at the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221; (as defined in the Note).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On May 15
 2013
 we negotiated a full settlement with a vendor who was owed $19
875 for a cash payment of $2
246.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On May 22
 2013
 we granted a non-qualified option (the &amp;#8220;Option&amp;#8221;) to purchase 52
088 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 to Kirk Warshaw for services as our chief financial officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires on May 21






























	










	



	







&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 0.25in;&gt;(g)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective have been reviewed and determined to be not applicable. As a result
 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective





	



	



	













 June 25








































































































































































































 June 25


















































 June 25





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 June 25
























































































































































 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized


 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized





 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 1
375
755 and 1
375
755 shares issued and outstanding


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 1
375
755 and 1
375
755 shares issued and outstanding










































































 Shares








 Shares






















































































































 Value







 Shares





















 Shares











































































































































































































































































































































































































 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award


 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award




 Value
 Restricted Stock Award


 Value
 Restricted Stock Award









 Cost Of Acquired Entity


 Cost of Acquired Entity










































 Nondeductible Expense


























 foreign and state and local capital loss carryforwards
 before tax effects











 Deferred Tax Asset


 Deferred Tax Asset





















 quarterly








































 Interest Rate


 Interest Rate




 Accrual Carrying Value


 Accrual Carrying Value




 Carrying Value


 Carrying Value













 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Exercisable




























 June 25






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative

049

595

630
705


Interest expense
 net
        
        

046


        

049

595

918
751


        

049)

595)

918
751)


        
        
        

836)


        

049)

595)

073
587)


        
        
        
        


        

375
755

375
755
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







































































































































































 2013
 Newtown had approximately $1
695
000 of net operating loss carry forwards (&#8220;NOL&#8217;s&#8221;) available which expires in various years beginning in 2030. In addition
 there is a $25
000 capital loss carryover
 which is fully reserved as well. This capital loss expires in 2026. The deferred tax asset and related valuation increased by approximately $11
000 during the period ended March 31
 2013. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforward has been limited as to its use pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section 382 due to the recent change in ownership of Newtown. The benefits of these NOL&#8217;s may be reduced in the future if Newtown is successful in establishing a new business.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

049)

595)

073
587)


        
        
        

836)


        

049)

595)

918
751)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

350


        
        
        

003


        
        
        
        


        

761

276

703


        

288)

319)

107
695)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

997


        
        
        

030)


        
        
        

003


        
        

500

500


        
        

500

275
470


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

796)


        
        
        

040)


        
        
        

836)


        

288)

181

939


        

098

917
        


        

810

098

810


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

750


        
        
        

800


        
        
        

811


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in investing activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in operating activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        











 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.



























 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.









 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.











 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and Newtown uses different assumptions
 Newtown&#8217;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 Newtown is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating Newtown&#8217;s forfeiture rate
 Newtown analyzed its historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If Newtown&#8217;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if Newtown reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. There was no equity based compensation for the year ended March 31
 2013.









 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective
 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2009
 we entered into an agreement with Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC (the &#8220;LLC&#8221;) for the use and occupancy
 and administrative services
 related to its principal offices. The agreement provides for quarterly payments from us to the LLC of $500. The effective date of the agreement is January 1
 2009.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On May 9
 2007
 an employee and two officers transferred 50
000 shares in aggregate (approximately 16
667 shares a piece) to a third party for services on our behalf. The fair value of the 50
000 shares transferred of $19
000 was recorded in the statement of operations as a selling
 general and administrative expense.


 we entered into and closed the Purchase Agreement with the Purchasers
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
of Preferred Stock
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. Preferred Stock is convertible only to the extent there are a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four (950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 and all accrued interest by issuing to the Note holders an aggregate of 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and paying them cash in the aggregate amount of $625
030.


 2007
 we put into effect an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase to 100
000
000 the number of authorized shares of Common Stock available for issuance (the &#8220;Charter Amendment&#8221;). As a result of the Charter Amendment
 as of October 19
 2007
 we had adequate shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


 2007
 the holders of all the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock elected to convert all of their shares into shares of Common Stock. As a result
 the 500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding were exchanged for 740
754 shares of Common Stock.


 2008 (the &#8220;Series A Preferred Elimination Date&#8221;)
 all 500 shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were returned to the status of authorized and unissued shares of undesignated preferred stock
 par value $.001 per shares. None of the Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding as of the Series A Preferred Elimination Date.


 2008 (the &#8220;Reverse Split Effective Date&#8221;)
 we implemented a 1 for 50 reverse stock split (the &#8220;Reverse Split&#8221;) of the Common Stock. Pursuant to the Reverse Split
 each 50 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Reverse Split Effective Date was converted into one (1) share of Common Stock. All share and per share data herein has been retroactively restated to reflect the Reverse Split.


 we sold 55
000 shares of Common Stock to Kirk Warshaw
 CFO
 for $2
000. We determined such shares were issued below their fair value; hence $11
750 of compensation expense was recorded for the difference in value of the shares issued for cash versus fair value of such shares.


 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound Partners Fund
 LLC (&#8220;Ironbound&#8221;) acquired 950
944 shares of Common Stock (the &#8220;Acquired Shares&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound


 LLC (&#8220;Rodman&#8221;)
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.


 2013 and March 31
 2012
 R&amp;R contributed to us $0 and $45
500
 respectively. The proceeds were recorded to additional paid-in capital as contributed capital.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E-#8U



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E
M-#8U-F-D-#(T9C`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#4X
M96)B-S1?86)D





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


04Y#15]32$5%
M5%


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@






1$524U]%455)



O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



#I.86UE/D1%4T-225!4



M15]405A%4U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



O4VAE970Q



M
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M4')O=&5C=%=I;F1O=W

^#0H@/]X
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-



M


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

M;BX@
C4L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`S


M
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A;G0@3F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
M
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

#`P
3
U


]



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]



T1T;W`^16YT
M:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!3:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP

]



T1T;W`^06UE;F1M


C`Q


]


]


]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR










M=7

]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y



M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4






]





M;&5N='



]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#DS


]
T1N=6UP/C
V
M+#DS

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
\+W1D



M
2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#$L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9P@;F]N




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D

@875T:&]R:7IE9P@,2PS-S4L-S4U(&%N
M9`Q+#

2PS



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L.3(V

]

M+#@Q


U\T

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

04Y#
M12!32$5%5%

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#




T1T;W`^


2PP
#`L

2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
M



]




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M1&YU;7`^
3`P+#`P




]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M3E13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E

]

]


2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

]
T1R93X-

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




M(#$L-C


]



]


]






]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S,2PP-#DI/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1N=6T^*#$L






]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-30L.#



]





M9!D:6QU=&5D(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





M7V4T-C4V8V0T
C1F






]




G



M8W5M=6QA=&5D($1E9FEC:70@1'5R:6YG($1E=F5L;W!M96YT(%-T86=E(%M-


]

I(&%T

]
T1N=6UP






@:7-S=65D(&%T(&EN8V5P=&EO;CPO=&0^

]





T1T;W`^



]
M





]
T1R;SX-





]


]


]


]

34Y+#DY



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^






]






T1T;W`^0F%L86YC97
@870@36%R
M+B`S
2P@

]
T1N=6UP/C@U

M


]

I

S$L(#(P





]




M86QI9VX]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$R+#`P


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C8T











]








]
T1N=6UP/C@S+#$P



]


]















]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]


]





2PT.#@L





#`W/]T9#X-B`@



]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D


]




3DL




]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D('1O(')E=&ER
M92!D96)T(&%N9!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0T-RPY








]




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U


]


T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T960@8V%P:71A;#PO

]


3`L
#`P/'-P86X^



M


]
T1N=6UP

M/B@S-S8L



#`X

2PS


M.3






M
2PS






\+W1D


]




]







]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^



T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T960@8V%P:71A;#PO=&0^

]

BPU




]



M


]

]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L.3
Y

M;G5M/B@T+#
W


]


W-2PW






]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#`P



]


]







#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#DW-2PS



]



]


]



]



M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6T^*#
P+#8Q



S$L
M(#(P

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]

I

S$L(#(P


]


]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&QO



]
T1N=6T^*#
V+#4Y-2D\



Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]


S$L(#(P
3(\

]
M




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC97
@870@36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPP-#4L
#@X


C





U\T

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M/D-!4T@@1DQ/5U











#QS




]
T1N=6T^*#
V+#4Y-2D\







]


#$L









]
T1N=6UP




M
C$L












]






]


W+#`P
SQS

]

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C(V
RPU


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]





\+W1D



]
T1R



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3D54($-!4T@@55-%1!)3B!$


]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-30L.#



M;G5M/B@R




3(L.3







]
T1N=6UP/C



@24Y&3U)-051)3TX\+W-T

]



T1T;W`^26YT97)E

]



M;F-O;64@=&%X97


T1T

]


]


]

#QS


]



M


]
T1N=6UP






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]









'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M3F5W=&]W;B!

M;&4]

M
#MO=7(F(S@R
C$[+`F(S@R,C`[=7,F(S@R,C$[(&]R/]F;VYT/B`F(S@R
M
C`[3F5W=&]W;B8C.#(R


S$L(#(P







M97(@
S$L(#(P



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





X
C(P.T5F9F5C=&EV92!$871E)B
X
M



#M-;WEO)B
X
C(Q



@*')O=6YD960M=7`I(&]F(&]U


M(S@R
C`[0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K)B
X
C(Q.RD@86YD/&D^(#PO:3YF:79E(&AU
M;F1R960@*#4P


#`N(%1H92!S:&%R97
@;V8@4V5R


M9B!S:&%R97
@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@:7-S=6%N



M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

M=#H@




M:6YG('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&)Y(%(F86UP.U(@;V8@=&AE(&9O=7(@:'5N


@*')O=6YD960M=7`I(&]F($-O



C


M



M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLI(&-O;G-T:71U=&EN9R`Q.4@;V8@=&AE('1H96X@:7-S
M=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97
@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K.R!A
M;F0@*&EI*2!I;B!F=6QL('-A=&ES9F%C=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@;V)L:6=A=&EO
M;G

















X
C$W
M.W


T0G=&5X


M97


M;&PF(S@R
C$[(&-O;7!A;GD@:6X@87




M('1H=7

M86YA;'ES:7





C`[3&]S

C$[(%1H97-E(&%M
M;W5N='





M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]




S$L(#(P
3


]
T1R




M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

















M92!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@=&AE




M96YT(&1O97



M


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('9E<G1I8V%L

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M


@;V8@=&AE('-T871E;65N='



3!P



M=&EM97



`P<'0@



X
C$W.W
@*$9!4T(I(&=U:61A

C`[14%23DE.1U
@4$52(%-(05)%)B
X
C(Q.RX@1&EL









M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


M;V0@:7











M(&EN('1H92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M:#H@



M






M)SXF(S$V


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






M:61T:#H@



X
C(P

X




@=&\@86QL




'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M

M;'9E(&EN:&5R96YT('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97





@97AP96-T



M:7

@97-T:6UA=&4L(&]R



T0G








'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[)SY.97<@06-C





















]

M86QI9VX]




M9VX]


M15)3)B
X

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L


@
M=')A;G-F97)R960@-3`L




M92!O9B!T:&4@-3`L

@
M87



#L\+V9O

M;VX@4W1O8VL@86YD/&D^(#PO:3YF:79E(&AU;F1R960@*#4P




M

M97
@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@:7-S=6%N8V4@=7!O

M;CH@


M/B8C

M


M('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&)Y(%(F86UP.U(@;V8@=&AE(&9O=7(@:'5N9')E

M.3(L.#`P*2!S:&%R97




M965M96YT(&EN=&\@;VYE(&AU;F1R960@9F]R='D@96EG:'0@=&AO=7-A;F0@



M97
@:6X@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#DV,PP
#`@86YD(&%L





M

38P.SPO
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T




@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&%V




C`P-RP@




@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@

@;V8@



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



X








M=#H@

38P

M+!S97)I9CLG/D]N($%U9W5S=`R.2P@
C`P.`H=&AE(8C.#(R
#M2979E

X

M=&5D(&$@

M

X
C(Q.RD@;V8@=&AE($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RX@



M960@:6YT;R!O;F4@*#$I('-H87)E(&]F($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RX@06QL('-H






#@L('=E
M('-O;&0@-34L


M:&%R97






#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE



C$[*2!A




M($5S=&%T97





RTQ



@;F5W(')O;6%N

#$S(&%N9!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q





M-&9B-5]B.6-C7V4T-C4V8V0T
C1F





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






M86XL('1I;65S+!S97)I9CLG/DY/5$4@-`F(S@R
3$[($E.0T]-12!405A%



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
M


M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P



M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


M)SXF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO


M8V9F8V


M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/]T<CX-



3


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


3`E














Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&UA<F=I;CH@
'!T


M9CLG/B8C






M:#H@

3!P

M/3-$




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/B@S



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

T0G=&5X



@)B
X


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^+3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]



@9F]R('=H:6-H(&YO(&)E;F5F:70@:7
@879A:6QA8FQE(&]R(&$F(S$V
M


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

U/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M=#LG/B8C










M

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

X

T0G


M



2P@
C`Q
RP@3F5W=&]W;B!H860@87!P

2PV.34L

X
C(Q.RD@879A



C`S
X@26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H97)E(&ES(&$@)#(U+#`P,!C




2PP
#`@9'5R:6YG('1H
M92!P97)I;V0@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
N(%1H92!U=&EL:7IA=&EO





U\T9F(U7V(Y8V-?
M930V-39C9#0R-&8P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V0U

C1F

'0O:'1M




3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]


]

]




3$[($-/34U)5$U%3E13


M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

C`P.2P@=V4@



N(%1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@


M92!
3$
@;V8@)#4P



M.6-C7V4T-C4V8V0T
C1F






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3








'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


@9F]R(&%N(&%G9W)E9V%T

34L

34W-S
W('!E

24@

@879A:6QA8FQE(&%N

@2&]L9&EN9W




RTQ


M

38P.SPO

C`Q
RP@27)O;F)O=6YD(&QO86X@)#$P



C`[/'4^3F]T93PO=3XF(S@R
C$[*2X@
M5&AE($YO=&4@:7

@:6YT



@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@

3L@*&%S(&1E9FEN960@
M:6X@=&AE($YO=&4I(&%T('1H92`F(S@R

M.#(R




3!P

M
C`Q

M=F5N9&]R('=H;R!W87



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#4X96)B-S1?86)D
U\T9F(U7V(Y8V-?930V

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO





M=#H@

M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


M(#`N


M9F]N=#H@





M='

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D


L(&UA;F%G


]




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P/@T*/'1R
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


`P<'0@


@;V8@=&AE('-T871E;65N='



]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!S='EL





'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[)SY%87)N:6YG<R`H



M=&EM97










#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

M;&4]



M='D@;65T:&]D(&ES('5S960@:6X@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@:6YC;VUE('1A












@
M:70@:7


]



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('=H:6-H

]
M


#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

M;&4]



#M3:&%R92!87-E9!087EM96YT


@=&AE(')E8V]G;FET:6]N(&]F('1H92!F86ER

@86YD('-I;6EL87(@



T0G



M960@;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE($)L86-K+5-C
M:&]L97


X
C$W.W




X
C$W
M.W


M;VXL($YE=W1O=VX@:7







M92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=F5S=&5D(&]P=&EO;G
@87
@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F
M('1O=&%L(&]P=&EO;G





Q


]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I




M






M7V4T-C4V8V0T
C1F






]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

M='
@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




Q+#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B8C





M9F]R=V%R9'



M)SXV
#
L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q)3LG/B8C



4[)SXU.3(L,#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S


M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X



3


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


M






Q-C`[


]

]



M=#H@







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*

S$L/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M(S$V

M)SXF(S$V


M1#(^
C`Q


M=#LG/B8C


M(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


T0G8F%C


38P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

T0G=&5X




M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



M/B8C







#L\+W1D

M='1O;3H@

X




U\T

O4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XY

]

]

]

]
T1T






]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`P.#QB

#$S

M

S$L(#(P
#8\
M8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M
S$L(#(P
#D\8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

M1'1H/D%U9RX@
#@L(#(P



S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

#@L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#DL(#(P



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]


]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C0T-RPY













]


]


]


]


]


]


]
















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0P


M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



















]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!S










]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#DW


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P







CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D













]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#0R


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S-RPW



















BXP

]
M


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDV


















]


]


]


]
T1R


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C(U+#`S
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





^+RH@1&\@


$5:








]

T0U/C$R($UO;G1H

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]



@16YD960\

SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



M/3-$

M




M(&-O;'-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#DL(#(P
M

2P@
M


]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@


3DL(#(P



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M



S$L(#(P
#D\8G(^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^


S$L(#(P




M+B`S
2P@




#$S/&)R/E-E


@4')E






M













]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@














M


]





]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y
BPX



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]




]


]


]


]


]











]



]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(W
M+#0R


]


]


]









































BXP






3`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]







]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P





















]


]






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





]


]


]


]


]



]
T1T97AT/CQS











#`X/'-P






















































]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




#QS







2!F
























L(%)E




]

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDU

















































]














]
M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
M





















M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E
M-#8U-F-D-#(T9C`-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#4X
M96)B-S1?86)D

O
M4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS



T1T;W`^/'-T





@8V%R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`S+#`P



M

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
#
L




T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@

@;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M-C4V8V0T
C1F






]



3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
2!R871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-2XP


T1T;W`^4&5R;6%N96YT(&1I9F9E





]







M


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



@*$1E
M=&%I;'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P









]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13





M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2VER:R!-+B!787)S
M:&%W+!
3$


M

M:6]D:6



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86X@

M
U\T9F(U7V(Y8V-?930V-39C9#0R-&8P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T

C1F
M






]






S$L(#(P
3



]

C`Q



T1T;W`^0G5S:6YE





]








@27-S=65D(&%N



#`L


M

M;7`^.38P+#`P







]
T1T

]



M


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#@W


T1T
6EN9R!686QU92P@
M4&%Y;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPR







BPP



M;G



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]D-3AE8F(W-%]A8F0S7S1F8C5?8CEC8U]E-#8U


T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R

`
end











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    














    






    

Mar. 31


Mar. 31


Mar. 31


Mar. 31


Mar. 31


Mar. 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          











Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

375
755

375
755


Common stock
 shares outstanding

375
755

375
755




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




































































































        
        



































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Balances at Sep. 25
 2005
        
        
        
        
        


Balances (in shares) at Sep. 25
 2005
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

933
        

000


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

743
        

750


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

992
        

003


        
        

972
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

474)

474)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2006
        
        

668

474)

721)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2006
        

972
        
        
        


        
        
        

988
        

000


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

795
        

800


        
        

184
        
        
        


        
        
        

750
        

750


        
        
        

100
        

100


        
        
        

997
        

000


        
        

500
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

124
608)

124
608)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2007
        
        

298

488
082)

679)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2007
        

656
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        

000


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

784
        

811


        
        

420
        
        
        


        
        
        

551
        

999


        
        

925
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

754
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        

000


        
        
        
        

382)

382)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2008
        

321

877
893

864
464)

750


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2008
        

320
755
        
        
        


        
        
        

945
        

000


        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        

750
        

750


        
        
        

500
        

500


        
        
        
        

371)

371)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2009
        

376

934
088

939
835)

371)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2009
        

375
755
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        

000


        
        
        
        

495)

495)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2010
        

376

963
088

975
330)

866)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2010
        

375
755
        
        
        


        
        
        

500
        

500


        
        
        
        

613)

613)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2011
        

376

999
588

005
943)

979)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2011
        

375
755
        
        
        


        
        
        

500
        

500


        
        
        
        

595)

595)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2012
        

376

045
088

042
538)

926


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2012
        

375
755
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

049)

049)


Balances at Mar. 31
 2013
        

376

045
088

073
587)

123)


Balances (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2013
        

375
755
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. This element is not the recognition of equity-based compensation expense in pursuant to FAS 123R. That element is AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue (Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Share-based Compensation
 Requisite Service Period Recognition
 Value).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

810

098


        

810

098


        
        
        


        

933

172


        

933

172


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 none issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 1
375
755 and 1
375
755 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively

376

376


        

045
088

045
088


        

073
587)

042
538)


        

123)

926


        

810

098




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        







 management makes certain estimates and assumptions
 where applicable
 that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. While actual results could differ from those estimates
 management does not expect such variances
 if any
 to have a material effect on the financial statements.


        
        









Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        









Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        







 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        







 none of which are held for trading purposes
 approximate their carrying value because of the short term maturity of these instruments or the stated interest rates are indicative of market interest rates.


Share-based Compensation
 Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block]
        









 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&#8217;s best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and Newtown uses different assumptions
 Newtown&#8217;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. In addition
 Newtown is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. In estimating Newtown&#8217;s forfeiture rate
 Newtown analyzed its historical forfeiture rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If Newtown&#8217;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if Newtown reevaluates the forfeiture rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current period. There was no equity based compensation for the year ended March 31
 2013.


New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        







 the adoption of such new accounting pronouncements
 when effective
 is not expected to have a material impact on the financial position of Newtown.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














































 2013

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2006

          



 2009

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2008



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

925
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

003
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        

754
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
        

972
        
        
        
        
        
        

151
        
        
        
        
        

482


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

667

000
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        

750
        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued

944
        
        

375
755

375
755
        
        
        

375
755
        

944
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

420

420
        
        
        
        
        

736

736
        


Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

030
        

030
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 outstanding
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Shares Subscribed but Unissued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

         2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

         2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

750
        
        

350
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stockholders' Equity
 Reverse Stock Split
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Restricted Stock Award
 Net of Forfeitures
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Restricted Stock Award
 Net of Forfeitures
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

944
        
        
        
        

944
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Cost of Acquired Entity
 Purchase Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Share Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the issuer does not initially receive the total proceeds. In general
 the issuer does not issue the shares to the investor until it receives the entire proceeds.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2013
 on May 6
 2013
 Ironbound purchased the Acquired Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $15
000
 or $0.0157737 per share. The Acquired Shares represent 69.1% of our total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Acquired Shares were purchased by Ironbound
 utilizing its available and uncommitted cash
 from the Chapter 7 Trustee of the Estates of Rodman
 Direct Markets
 Inc.
 and Direct Markets Holdings
 Corp. in Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings pending in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Cases No. 13-10087
 13-10088 and 13-10089). The Acquired Shares constitute all the shares of Common Stock previously owned by R&amp;R
 an affiliate of Rodman.


 2013
 Ironbound loan $100
000 to us and we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $100
&#8221;). The Note is for a two-year term and bears interest at the rate of 5.0% per annum
 payable at maturity. The principal and accrued interest on the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock upon the consummation of a &#8220;Fundamental Transaction&#8221; (as defined in the Note) at the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221; (as defined in the Note).


 2013
 we negotiated a full settlement with a vendor who was owed $19
875 for a cash payment of $2
246.


 2013
 we granted a non-qualified option (the &#8220;Option&#8221;) to purchase 52
088 shares of Common Stock
 at an exercise price of $0.02 per share
 to Kirk Warshaw for services as our chief financial officer. The Option was immediately exercisable for all the underlying shares and expires on May 21
 2023.




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 losses resulting from fire or flood
 losses on receivables
 significant realized and unrealized gains and losses that result from changes in quoted market prices of securities
 declines in market prices of inventory
 changes in authorized or issued debt (SEC)
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 substantial loans to insiders or affiliates
 significant long-term investments
 and substantial dividends not in the ordinary course of business.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]
        

(&#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;

 2005. We are a development stage company that until December 31
 2007
 held the exclusive license to exploit the Dreesen's Donut Brand in the United States with the exception of the states of Florida and Pennsylvania
 and in Suffolk County
 New York
 which the licensor
 Dreesen's
 retained for itself. In August 2007 there was a change in control
 as detailed below
 and we discontinued our efforts to promote the Dreesen's Donut Brand at that time. Accordingly
 prior operations in this regard are reflected in these financial statements as discontinued operations. The license from Dreesen expired on December 31
 2007.&#160;




 2007 (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;)
 we entered into and closed a Stock Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with Moyo Partners
 LLC
 a New York limited liability company (&#8220;Moyo&#8221;) and R&amp;R Biotech Partners
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&#8220;R&amp;R&#8221; collectively with Moyo
 the &#8220;Purchasers&#8221;)
 pursuant to which we sold to them
 in the aggregate
 approximately
 four hundred forty seven thousand nine hundred twenty five (447
925) shares (rounded-up) of our common stock
of our Series A Preferred Stock
 par value $.001 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;)
 each share convertible at the option of the holder into
 approximately
 one thousand four hundred eighty two (1
482) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock
proceeds to us of $600
000. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were convertible only to the extent there were a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance upon any such conversion.


 with (a) R&amp;R acquiring nine hundred fifty thousand nine hundred forty four (950
944) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by R&amp;R of the four hundred (400) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into five hundred ninety two thousand eight hundred (592
800) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 72% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock
 and (b) Moyo acquiring two hundred thirty seven thousand seven hundred thirty six (237
736) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock (assuming the conversion by Moyo of its one hundred (100) shares of Series A Preferred Stock it acquired pursuant to the Purchase Agreement into one hundred forty eight thousand one hundred fifty one (148
151) shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock) constituting 18% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock; and (ii) in full satisfaction of our obligations under outstanding convertible promissory notes in the principal amount of $960
000 (the &#8220;December Notes&#8221;)
 the Note holders of the December Notes converted an aggregate of $479
811 of principal and accrued interest into 27
420 shares (rounded-up) of Common Stock and accepted a cash payment from us in the aggregate amount of $625
030 for the remaining principal balance.


 a then current director who continued to serve until August 20
 2007
 the effective date of his resignation from our Board; (ii) all of our then officers and directors
 with the exception of Mr. McGill
 resigned from their respective positions with us; (iii) our Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary; and (iv) we relocated our headquarters to Chatham
 New Jersey.


 2007
 Mr. Kling became our sole director and president.




 our main purpose has been to serve as a vehicle to acquire an operating business and we are currently considered a &#8220;shell&#8221; company in as much as we are not generating revenues
 do not own an operating business
 and have no specific plan other than to engage in a merger or acquisition transaction with a yet-to-be identified operating company or business. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with an operating business rather than immediate
 short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business
 industry or geographical location and
 thus
 may acquire any type of business. The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our officers and directors. We have no employees and no material assets.


 2007
 all of our donut-related business services activities have been accounted for as Discontinued Operations. As such
 all of the prior activity has been shown in the financials as one line item that is labeled &#8220;Loss from Discontinued Operations.&#8221; Our activities since August 2007 are shown in the Income Statement under the section labeled &#8220;Loss from Continuing Operations.&#8221; These amounts are for expenses incurred since August 2007 and are of the nature we expect to incur in the future
 whereas the Loss from Discontinued Operations are from activities we are no longer engaged in.&#160;




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        

695
000


Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Dates
        


        

000


        
        


Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Change in Amount

000




        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local capital loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































 2008

          



 2006

          



 2013

          



 2009

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2007

          



 2007

          



 2008



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

        08
         2007
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

925
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

003
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


        

754
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800

972
        
        
        
        
        
        

151
        
        
        
        

482


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        

375
755

375
755
        

375
755

944

944
        
        
        
        
        

420

420
        
        
        
        

736

736
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

811
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

030

030
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-13-036433-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`#!7V4)WMM^UAS\``%3W`@`1`!P`;G1W;BTR
#$S
#
S
2YX

M/HUL[A=/DBW%EXQ/$LME.Y-)G7/*A5'+Y@2!AHMMS5;M;]]NDQ`&C1#8W
MS&RR`KK?Y[WVV_=W_WR9V8
GX/F6Z[P_X`^Y@P%P3'=B.0_O#[[=G@^U@W]^
M^/O?WOUC.!Q\`@[PC`!

X


M


M$=\R\PO`%WF?!W-OR_?P34Z!T!\^&


!/_W1B^7?74&E

MZ.##ZK

X
-OGH;V&H#HPG

M92Q83+\IZQGY=^

M:M-&:M.






M0L






M0*NWTF=;S0XB

MIFL@]&E-PX-(7;6$/@_J;:!/G'K;Z#
MIC(M9JTGFZFSE9ZE$M0-&=#JK?39
M5K.#2




M*BNJ]N
:_&E]^./;Q;_1XQ_/UI


K)`_]'P`!3R\OD
&'[H@0]+

0







4A:-O4&LXF`#3@O[NOS_@
M8A+TDU4C6B^]F(,_W'D3-!?*=Z
NPH'0I.#
];0G\;MAAOO%O'@)3A(47
M=5Y]=X1%E@[.8IF)/*=K3.`4W'J&L^U#,YME5B@CMC'/D^/RE6Y)7;:KZ








MAJ[Y7!E@/)_C.=I.5X9W=Z=35$[0:3M=*7R3L=+FL9I`F6.M&*#D%29M@EK
M7?.Y,L8/B=2SR3*`._N=+RFJIHNMHV?I-=IBB0IM-LZO1B$)*JT;:+LDFGF



MH\-94(@#+NW'5X8W]B+]3J)U

B
:&.=W9!B++'A)L$B

$`[/=%&JJ*@K`]/@9F9W-_1

M0-`T3E(J43]Q_6A[WO)5E6WV6`Z5K;\F;2PGJ4T;U_!U7E-EOAJ`\=T9^+

%U1D'@6?=A@#;@WKJ7KH
@

*
_.C#C
TI:%T7)_&O&G/9
%)C&/=RP;HKRB/_=(I53RS=C
4%2.(T&
M839=!@]D&RZ#A[!ME\%$2W(U.S73+=XD.11514QNU1'MPLN0W8[9!L(V7*9

M?R&\!;$-A$SY2Z




M.RW-JSOG6+;(OGCQ'A7$12U%+EQ-TI
GQ5.`7'.6J@4A$U_X#)L(15:H8JXY

MK04QUQF):TW

MG8Q/#8FW.HU0OQS

.S6




MNY_8L07R\`0\'X:\\33^_X%U;X
;8

M2@B8LY@5\^=.B:!&SH#ZMQ4G=KLEDL:SC);%L[7AQKGA@NSJ5:[ZX@\2PHO;

M

MR%L:3A1]`[M3.L
LYO!:ASG=/8-6)%7O-.=4-[
0$T


<:LPFYPW/I6SJQCB1*LEQZXU

$+.B3V

UBC85%U-6]$B'6&J8YX4F*^\H@#I6TI.\%M
MDT_\MD.5A-J
IJ6[G($#$S*-Q`I=$1%B2$A'_B'/$'K

QK%F_
MR7[G*-(U`]W3*

M:MZ_Q[@J]C:*E'%6HT?3

[(UZ&Q2(8!!;P;`^8:`2

1-
MY;N!:(2-8M'KJL(SR@:F$0F2KB:-J#XOER`X

MX!EH&^_(#*PG

MR:5D*EL19$Y





U/T#F)!F=;0B9]:\

NFK\B&1V2

S.`04W8%

M`]&:K%
CJ!;ZT#6AZI#3X'_)
V9R*RP[&?S*\*+-K?!7U*I@W`W'B_76!-[-


AWU6*5#4/TY8F($OC

MAB



M^/!G:
`
VK


/XXX'G@
MN3/#^25^\




MF];]!:NR

'S_
MY^IQY?W

M\


MZ']C3;3[QB4&*&._A]&W$AOUO8X87X`:1B4#78E%/'&\`*!!`\A+8NYW#X`3

MG
`X0!DE


M`6


`











ME!2%$D32VDGIJ%99BAWE(.ATHZV+Q4U
GC84CE


K)@+&/\16N00O
M


%P


93\$P`ZL6F-@H21]@=XV'X<H6Q$[
M2&N``]1(6Q('I#%&\\.@5P:!.D#W?P1@#D-TQE$^)WVP?WH(.$#6ENE<N99<
MDL)GC2-O,.N1ZP3]\$X%G-P)T(3)Z;
!$&#](AD^IJ8S






2+BP5I$L@@8TW?:''-1EL3\'`+P(H$S`R1;G**4L188DQJP
M$V(H5C-@B8






M#9$QP%^0:IS\F@?@`B0RFOY=-.)+J-[)0G.




MCBJ^5%E@[78QXT.A=1X3N3&+)-?(C-^[[)Q]W&?]6CDA6WJM=5=?X
AJ3Z&E3=3


MQ0&X'B*4!L^+-TO

A

M`=[$YZ[(

`5?*3T2343:[7`IN

(N91/&]M:4!FJ$?![$%(5=;?

M%`Q'4^6BHL]Z?M6R1_ZPJY`4\):]


O?E$'3N6=J2QCOU04I914C;K'F+2Q0*#285`8MPJEQ.R1H2E


M\J@
V`A&_




1
O`!!J+*`?AC:_Q

M3IBU\D@`5GQ)#
GJ6DGBKKY@@YA!5.+CT29M@FN(A&N%OH(
5MB.`6YY@D-.



KM

3.\H$HK)!$))*
=CA('5**@LJ

:[91V
=5+8#!'E#U=3N9.=+YI]




MS6V#*BN=1

M!8XXOY-:Q)
TDH=EE/LN7`Q+.B&CI8'D.C


6]

-AT1G5=J7
M]0I57^
8(HD6TTASY\FTQU$J)R-$;B?
R
SKTD6O5V8IFQDT##(O%53V,H4
M5FIK=4\9G3DB#TU#^HE,)UT?ZCJ)P]=!N-)5]'EHI1_7F1%/.253-#I63

M56E2




#/U$@K62EWC!)

RWWC
M6-P%/MJ!B



M-/UP
9)&
E$0:BY\HK.2F4M:WE9+QV?BA$/8A7$7Y4?MRN:;UF?[6J9L3;O6
M=T(;@G/@R0MCL$=!F

U:XD((U*#L;4T`.IV9Q=MT

6;U


/





'+


M(TG8^D'E)Y(43AD`VS/-'9DU]N!DZ21E^AKZ/5*4=/=B64[=P4
#9JYG0-


BHN
-'#_&-.^'LWKE[.CHK^]6FQN@%?\(
5PZWL4C%K%,C_E/%K1LZ;+TY2JTPZS:`7`[3FP(2*]D?
MC[IY`,$,&X%@/EY6@&9.%LCN11IY#N51<X\O$14P$88Z!MNPUM[\Z%<.3BL


V\-W@WLO5GPDMDV:8?IHVR/5\ZUNK$.9TVS$(X+]&X(YD\4%5PJ
M


G
M70)?(1?R9@IL-X/#MTJBL].3NDVA92%=<7VW*K6[^=TQ5W_4CHY76IV4VSU

IZ^@7)6GD#%Q$

OJ^%BWD/`



B4'
MN*`KRGB)%LAV(N8ILFDM+I-D_$!ED6]X,W0Z9OAF05!V;JM`1ZW%OF9$&Y
M=:)6)$2PV
8\HC'GR%.@Q\86#H+G#R#A'S2GO?Y#85Y7#0:6@WO[*Q4-IM%/
M#@
J@
'5BB3&

R'KB1:7S\0GQ

MC-`(W)8IXGDVL_8(%WM\5JW
3I6MN(`%]$5=)_E#?-%0I7K5;;A+^$ZY4B]7










MSS\^_.6Z/\ZN+YV^\*
0N':^H
R80N#



6J%=3J:$

,C(#%W?Y,E_,J
MMK)'U*3+`_-Q_F]$'PA#*U17]XB4QRGWPF+(
=ZN_:;)'?ENH-$^DD?^.\6
MP^MQO9+P5!2&L3:7:@B3]F

UFDT$@Q-080UG!F
M0.\F&G^JG

N-'+W+(2Q&NUMHAZ@+$
H@M*9KB
MTJ3W&%/94&_&5*J;]8N=G@A#P:VHV!(]!ZV'5R1T*D/=T`
^S8AB&AP8#W

T!'T84Y_F

MG19^!?V(2DXPK


MJ#DL]HLPL:RR
7&4WVFS*6)&G[<#



M6K_4(LVA`7\`M8


M*3-/4K5B(


C`Q
S`S
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54




[P+N+


O#8'H3)#A9WP6S
%IF1]19[Y`[2E6`
MGI

M8


BH
MX7+E!H3IQ
5^/$8O2:J_5A5&K#V;')CJ$:XZ;$WJ[\CC=XG&[@N*-P/K$LH8





0H'(XVQQP!'R\



M2RN+_A;[*+HBE

M..];


MW1&V=_K-:!&:F7\F^5O!RH(].&J#D'9VNFW0285$%].OQW!]`?R_=^\#EX



^-V9MS.C&L:D
Z

M![^77?-X?;PDK
$Y/2M=?((9L6IWKX^;F#/3;FS58;LG8R%R#N1
RI[VC-:V

MOT.TZTH[6S;VE\!+S6FX%Q,#S2

R\!O+H+R
MSK:=!H@J,84G#OJF$FM)X5MOX$*+&9
.V
W9S.HX:NPZZ7@5$!B\N?!$@[



MUD^F&.5D(^Z4HIU2M/U*T:LPSIR);EY6*(B1BI
]KTLSJM%&#AXN`W#4`(_(



Y4F`$CF;O!\+S
M!:%J^$2V\QQ]2^D\C&89X3OZ%'48JPW8'JU3=?XD:L/3ZZ.42DUU:JI.3=5^
M-57)3KZX:1VP




7G?-U[';&S$&@
9%6]
MP=U;RU.8

M]V63(L%J;M78I0D&AWXXWI5U`S';HD)ED@[G=-+Q&VI?@181Y2:.IN
*MO0W

;L


&Q*G%(/UB5

M@.WL.(:VXQX_IFNK-;
-K\+@B5SWA+#1+/\YP1
?/2*/M$S$^11KC6L[W8Z9

M5AX+?B6B6JP9*5FG!UV^L`QA)Q[
Z4-7^=3CS4A].PYZX\@-XAGU%AK-9N0=


MY@R@*X9J




M=.6





O6[WQO;NFKZ&MV7&GK*36
MXE`9T&XHHAYVJOBK\@WF2E!_$QG1&-D-;32LC=#@&4[H(X?N6QRXY*PTHRH4

AJO
$YY0GA'D+33!S^%B:H.)

M4Y4B=+PN=J

MG*H_?L7CP0]IK

#-NMP1`%*]S8TG^HI/)$9!:J
M],W<R0^5PI*C0768]H2$ZG(%YX7(IGQ(EFD4K<D1)8O14.K?GI!/978`I7]+
M5ZO<0]?UR?ONV`61LOL&%%XU2N.`#\





M^M
(#/L(Z[-OX+SEP+A3[:!
L'K@*

MH`

&


J=:DF0J]S2AX




3H5IU

M1CE3E(VE9=+RBCXTW_.



\P%'^5;'5]K=W6)BG*7-L+JR
MZ`:S!4X67]:6M,?J_,#1Q77!#DU`KA_GP):,Z7\`5L.NQ_%M&.4&_^I;^V@@
MNY6LC&UQ)E_MB&LR@U['+OEJTQM929;XAE4V]=@T$I-D5SK23,?`9,Q*.\
MED!@JY6`]/LQ)R)J)?3QQY9K<BCG%A$B0\3D2W0PH[:4S2'SX`D3.74-Y31





M%7Q97QZMD)O@8/XEC.

MG#\&DUM$J'5].A$I(62]UUB`K8'16R
`F^$5SF-;A9]O(7TTIE[F4W?S0ITK




MZV,UHC8.AR9D)QY*8P/K.2G2-L#UXRE5%O0K[4G&/Y\M?I#EY.U&0&3KCE


IA9Q`K
M\

I%@]Y(H$NE]%M1`](

HN4U

MQCJW6/&.

^ON17697-JS2*V*9R_4&</G0_AFH\
M%8#:KT6L0/?&ZB_2!&N

MACO**(YO7LCQ@V-Z=W]+97HQX]]JQ^IH8(Z+!61?5V.0N1\(SQ?D1AN2ER&Y

:26TQJ=K##(SR\X@^


M!!0````(`#!7V4(

#$S
#
S
5]L86(N

M[N*Z)T*N1W?T[73OS&RH;+E'.R[+:ZNZ=Z+C8H*6()O;%*DF*;L\?_WB05)\




MFY%OWG_XEKS_YH=O_OC#=W\D\T_D[(P_





=^TZ!''\


ME'J27_*^__]/\OGCF9.67/WW8A.;N]U'KEDUCZOX\.)-KAO[L\.LK


W9



MP!FN

MZ+%?9W5


:6XPE8^D
/;ZTNG';
M0-/FPU-C3
8
Y9

]&#Y%V([(
7

MS?;UBPY$]D,.$]D`7





M=



7QY


M)RIU%0-PN3.1O='7*T/


0DAYLL5=G#DO@`0[
FTUT9!.$&^^%9Z9CRK%/XB/=
MEC0V&+8MI$`.ZE;&-8;\K#?)N@N*R020
O5

8^.A9*.7V4B_'&B8
M4+0%&8)IH%

59$(RK
]+8
MWP%'!U#'[R[ZZ5ZL^


M0-RTLU4XD?D=_L_[M^_??V`KJI@\\3XS\F'V_OU[_G\DD;D?O&/Z&
7^/^EV
M1L(HI




R#XC4RI

V1YC?O(Q?:1D2]G0&!W$N78V;#Z

?&.RY*`6B;
!J3.O9E9GR.1%8QD;UEO)8G




3Q
JE7QN`9ZBK;FO=



(N@VH
M(&?6S$]IDG:S0KTEZ$RZKF1S)B=;3(9FX[FGL:99SL


;]TNI#2?Y4S+`2P!N\IBD)
MV&

MN_P

P?[4=(+77%6S#1XF_




0U
M#/%U/AL$=\BDJ-FQ3J9:9_V8%E8SZP^:.M7






-
_+

MES'



M33-GDDIAC6FI1+M0&
5

MGH^`:S5+-618YT;
D:L


:H\GC*9)6L[@$Y)S[G@W
M.;2^7N9QFO''[2&486J8DC

M=O+OU+\/Z!W=L):IWWO&T2T7GU:
7X6;?BYS@
Z49$@W_VTT=2DD.NH]3%

W)[&=N]J9D=CB)V2-




MJF;+H_EF$[.OV

MPI&8J$
8
A5UFFK!1=E9HU=1M:6F[/1M#MQ`YC)VF:;XU:OA9S,T&W3D;0
M'D!/ZVRG=[5;[7;^ALW*Y!-5#*1L#T4R&H4;97FRIGP9EC?.&`2%)?JHSKP_
MDHV_FFQ/S`CNPY1/OLJ4GY$G/M[B(;;+X2N@[/!VX%C.CTR;M&7R(G2Z]Q+.

38SV&@^@(A+=
54/SJ@



8ZP%
&X+7:8AK*5-W1W'5T2U
_IA?T




MF;X3


M)OS7
















MT



M?54D-^155(SS_/=)#E00[%)SAKA)B1GV]'%Y=C+2J=74R.M(A\%8LL7:PG
%\GC*:0UO5)J!7M^N



MWDL]24:?+4_P2IBH
_$FUK$7)CQ

M%YVN=NUI+^?/7MPV+;`4`%7@U


MI
3;BW3

(-%1FBI]&
M+



JB
M&`=ZL-O*(1OGNFV\$1!E/KP&`5;&B?R``#/)6MR043?$1)5728T'*[4X:LL
M.:O(SNS`R`-B#AJC!RL@183[\)&B=UT5P&.G;
UBAJSW-LO89J)#[6+)9-




4NUF
IB\*9%M'1CO







BM%V08Z2AX]4'33.O0]B_



2U'/E8D9%
MB(M#LTLVPQ91ZN?2S3I*O?P98\_N(DO2P2;T\R2A8E/]RO?N_4!D\Q%;5W;[






##@3

M_3J/7D+G#S$54[4+-F53.:ZF!]S!38W2K=DH2-Z:%
T);X]T:M%9]0V/EUKH
M?TL/




M4




M3J'M7X+1_$QSPXF?0B[)1K_Q-

M[T?$R]GL0;Z








M4O=`IY2.B48/(
/-[YOQK'K(*P^%*4MX]!8%.-OO86;=0UOBRK.6`'0Y/(U3
ML@/19E]E

HY2Y9;:



MX7D[\HED+0EKJBS$`8(\.[W?YHK/R-75.7X)$:V#5/Q4YQUCCQB7
?WM2
/-
MRVHG
\KYFQOOA3.(U2BB$8
ZLFC-
R2Z0@:_(I%+(9D8=X:@UV=J_['*RM8+

4IC?F?7A@R'?[@V'#7

,N$XASKG?!W`0OS=`.B$M[I1`-DWKS[
M=!DF:2S\;YE%R/G]6)[EAVZU]0]Z`'-L6=A6A



M;\#V$`(ZV[

MKZK;^K1XA822\9U.6GNH[.&D^9'




A8(S(E5$W2*?

^_
M=:!V-/#/
R$'=/HO_)=IYA0V/:SGSXNPZW_Y&_9^G_Q);L\T38SVQO(C95


E-J

M&WP].S^G7QG#Y-=1B

T?2B_^G3Y455
M\$-9\J=W#+=*OUU697L7__EZ_QS-P#P\APG.PB1:UZ+-L.KU/G_^?%'\E13%


BP
MKF#;E4U*\A@B`G@&



M2$O)K@&.$%Q0ODBKZ7P1)DOMWLQJHZW&\CGYFN5P\@RG9D7HI
%E&4YF2X

14YC`K+)I
!%=I



MX_MP!#BR;VX?/V^U55:Z^-O9






KW)$X=U'(7Q



X
3#
V)%
MD]X3OM+\9TN:+U=0I5BWY#/65E98/N@YLIU59(`)8+U9LDH#7<BJDU7#GI^

!TL^V

M/)U






N^O++]L)L&[*O!



M73U%GC::3
MJ.++#J&J(`Y+IPECP`55S25/7Z\!CR*K%$&U`%GX#;6\C;N
M(




NLPI0NG`8\`N`TQG!
R#+T7`*'O+Y



[UKY&S:\/!

M(PXZZG48%J#JPM6=#=#E

.9'JQW[V18U)V(=8
;.^.SG
M[MJ'O=

D-#;N*&M#


MY8.^)WY%$8:)+^OCA5&^@^
V.

V(F@L
MZ'?$/\E%5UN)G5
-^9+P)7T&43@&HR*2[JK)4YU.9+W7E39H*^^^['IKAJ
MGFV=4[1F6KPPU&TGZ+OO9VP


MZ;YCL!&HVA3\?ONW6?J(2_=]A5S!:^*\W]6WB.N^]

MC'T

M/Q




('
2W
`G)^&[&$2UHS



M.[S'8!_A-M]FB-MS
%N*[DY##K`+LXSB!IRM#('5M&K7=L:5YA;!MK#6RNC`

M8_J#[B5?R:Z2'F(4MR]V#SDD0Y)J


T]0%W8\%7*H

_R\


T#9/5M1_ZH$


3X*LLI?DPQSADA#J`M4PM-


:11Z4BB:I;[CEB_





SF0`:_0AJ

MU

#5B!S2^Q]S%



M#6L-IRKY)-D5;;V_UFP'H@2GXO!'S[MG/?HH/M#*J6'K=3036X=='!6UGUWK


M$



2

NNJ-
MV`J6UQV#]1!9NX5BW@:DP_%^85N!\`VYDA.^AF6K;W-\XB\SB$H1Q7[PW7*V

-FMO.7D.V8LC-VPH3


CP@48NG)+R/;-9TMQS0W-
MH1&^P]TZ4A\%CG_SJ.^(_T%$K#J4TZVC[=LZ?8\\#P(
A[MQ=.P)VNA=$X]V
M=B(0';E&M#=`#?)LEB+XN][Z:UTKZ'NT'9/@Z
A=(M9Z8IAG.`N3
D;`DAU$3Y[=':OQ%6H2XF&`I=YKL6UPXN
M/7!L:.*IN??;O2$\N7D.$

'D`TGMRF:`)CEJ/F!ETK;P:5'
M+A


2+98Z4$LGD:CYHL]2XA
MOX*7\!W@57K48^=%K26XACB*4YPCE:2H@EJGC*B*74L0^[1SD=:D?3H7K*










UW\CJV+)?2-7
MNBI)UMTW')K^!=&O7W\)$9Z%;_=Q)



M
9X
H'O4U9
-<5(6.C:C`L^W&

QLZ[&\#
!(Y


W](



M@]B$55F$YP^H
Y

E9^&MP5/ZBIUE/MYOUY!FF*%9T8

C`Q
S`S




QXP

MQB78


@=@$BSZ:83Y'-KZM

O


M9G'PG&%[S\)!S%9KQT6VJ.+E'-Y(!`RS:L/]&A?TFF-^((5I

M$7NMMU\I4I!


MB(T&'#L#^DY=0Z(XV%`:DE

M










M3R4%Y1[Q'4OI.0&+FG0I\3SYLT








[
@P1

(3\V&2.O#0_-F9RQ]@*][$F#B;:-1#?K6RR




QMH(51Y$9-\6FA.!O-V1Y#?G)S+XW0CYZ8K_'=?=T/5DG9$M
M\GS#,Y=SPM:L73:E$:Q:O@/*J:HFBY`WF#LD4EX[%X2OEU59


VW[6'/P``5/<`!$`&````````0```*2!
M`````&YT=VXM
C`Q
S`S

M4$L!`AX#%`````@`
%?90EDM=#7Z!0``8CT``!4`&````````0```*2!TC\`
M`&YT=VXM
C`Q
S`S
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#VZ_)475XP`!!4.```$.0$`



MJY$``&YT=VXM
C`Q
S`S


`
end











    
  
      

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Details Textual) (Kirk M. Warshaw
 LLC [Member]
 USD $)

        

      










        


        
        


        
        


        

        01
         2009




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 quarterly
 annual).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

375
755
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2013



          



Business Acquisition
 Date of Acquisition Agreement
        
        

        06
         2013
        


Business Acquisition
 Cost of Acquired Entity
 Purchase Price
        
        

000
        


Business Acquisition
 Share Price
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        


        

000

000

000
        


        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Accrual Carrying Value
 Current
        
        

875
        


Loss Contingency Accrual
 Carrying Value
 Payments
        
        

246
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number
        
        
        

088


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        
        


Investment Options
 Expiration Date
        
        
        

         2023




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













