

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-17-010242
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20171003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171003
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NightFood Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				463885019
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55406
		FILM NUMBER:		171117422
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-888-6444
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 WHITE PLAINS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 520
		CITY:			TARRYTOWN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10591









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

&#9746;
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
June 30
 2017



&nbsp;&#9744;
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from _________ to __________

Commission
File Number&nbsp;

NIGHTFOOD
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State or Other Jurisdiction
    of
    
    

Incorporation or
    Organization)
    
    

    
    
    

520
        White Plains Road-Suite 500
Tarrytown
        New York
    
    

(Address of Principal
    Executive Offices)
    
    



(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No
&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#9744;
No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&#9746; No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746; No
&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;&nbsp;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744; No &#9746;

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of June 30
 2017: $1
852
829.


 2017
 the issuer had
30
399
567 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 par value $0.001 per share.&nbsp;





    
    




TABLE
    OF CONTENTS

    

    
    
    

PART
    I

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Unresolved Staff
    Comments
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    II

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s
    Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
Selected Financial
    Data
    

    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

    
Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

    
Financial Statements
    and Supplementary Data
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements
    with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    III

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership
    of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

    
Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
Principal Accounting
    Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV

    

    
Exhibits
 Financial
    Statement Schedules
    



    
    


PART
I

Forward-Looking
Information

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual
results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments
with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions
 technological developments related to
business support services and outsourced business processes
 and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control.

Although
we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate
and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate.
In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the
current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person
that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings
&ldquo;Business
&ldquo;and &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;

ITEM
1. BUSINESS

NightFood
Holdings
 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;NightFood&rdquo;) is a Nevada corporation
organized on October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York corporation (the
&ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo;) from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson. All of our operations are conducted by the Subsidiary. We are
in the business of manufacturing
 marketing and distributing snacks specially formulated and promoted for evening consumption.
A large number of Americans consume nighttime snacks that are high in sugar
 fat
 sodium
 and calories; such snacks can impair
sleep and also impair health in general. Management believes that our products are unique in the food industry and that there
is a substantial market for our products
 through online commerce as well as traditional retail distribution. Our corporate address
is 520 White Plains Road &ndash; Suite 500
 Tarrytown
 New York 10591 and our telephone number is 888-888-6444. We maintain a
web site at www.nightfood.com. Any information that may appear on our web site should not be deemed to be a part of this report.

Industry
Overview

We
are an early-stage company that is seeking to establish a market within the snack industry by offering a line of snack foods that
are specifically formulated for evening consumption. Based on available figures for 2013 published by SymphonyIRI Group
 American
consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults
are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing
to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack
choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.

Our
Products
 Present and Proposed

Our
initial product is the NightFood nutrition bar. NightFood nutrition bars are made from commercially available ingredients and
a proprietary combination of other components in a proprietary process. During the course of fiscal 2016
 the Company modified
its packaging
 positioning
 and branding
 including switching from a 6 count retail pack to a 12 count pack for the bars. The
packages are typically merchandised both open and closed
 so the consumer can purchase an individual bar
 or an entire box of
bars.. NightFood&reg; is the first product positioned as a healthier and better alternative to other convenient nighttime snack
options. Compared to the existing popular options
 each 140 calorie NightFood&reg; bar is specially formulated to satisfy late-night
cravings
 tackle nighttime hunger
 on fewer calories
 and with a healthier
 more sleep-friendly nutritional profile. We believe
that NightFood&reg; bars are an optimal nighttime snack in terms of composition and calories. In addition
 the bars contain a
clinically proven bioactive ingredient called Chocamine&reg;. Chocamine is a patented natural cocoa extract that is believed to
promote satiety and craving satisfaction
 while also providing the health and relaxation benefits of chocolate without the caffeine
fat
 calories
 and sugars.



    
    


In
April of 2016
 the Company reached an agreement with RFI Ingredients
 LLC
 the exclusive manufacturer of Chocamine
 which granted
the Company
 subject to possible future minimum volume requirements
 exclusive use of Chocamine in any snack food products formulated
and marketed for nighttime consumption. &nbsp;

Depending
upon the success of the NightFood&reg; bar and our available resources
 we intend to consider expanding our product line to include
formulations with and without sleep aiding bioactive ingredients
 nighttime snack products specifically for children
 and snacks
in different food formats such as cookies
 chips
 ice cream
 etc. In furtherance of our planned expansion of our product offerings
we have entered into an agreement to acquire a company which is licensed to produce FiberOne&trade; ice cream. See Business-Planned
Acquisition&nbsp;However
 that agreement has not been completed and its future is uncertain as various deadlines have passed.



We
have utilized contract manufacturers for producing our products
 packaging for our products
 and 3rd party logistics for warehousing
and order fulfillment. For our warehousing and logistics
 we are currently using Landis Logistics. For our next production run
of nutrition bars
 we are currently evaluating various potential manufacturers. We believe that the nature of the market for such
services ensures there will be several alternative suppliers available on acceptable terms.





During
FY2017
 the Company received purchase orders from its largest retail chain to date
 in Meijer supermarkets. NightFood bars are
available in both flavors in substantially all Meijer supermarket locations.

Management
believes that securing a chain like Meijer can be a tremendous milestone. However
 the Company believes the opportunity for most
rapid and efficient scaling of revenue is through direct-to-consumer online channels
 and that is where we are directing our focus
at this time. To that end
 the Company has implemented a strategy that it believes will allow for much more significant revenues
starting in FY2018.


on Amazon for the first time on June 9
 2017. To date
 sales have been promising
 and customer reviews have averaged well over
4 stars out of 5. The Company issued a news release on August 23
 2017 that in July 2017
 gross direct-to-consumer sales were higher
than any other month in Company history
 exceeding $10
000. In addition
 it was announced that as of August 23
 2017
 August revenues
to date had already surpassed those of July
 2017.

The
Company expects to launch its primary direct-to-consumer sales initiative through a relationship with marketing partner Common
Thread Collective (CTC) during late September or early October
 2017.

If
successful
 the relationship with CTC will allow the Company to get a substantially greater return on each direct-to-consumer
advertising dollar
 resulting in accelerated revenue growth. . We can give no assurances as to the revenues to be derived from
these efforts. Furthermore
 any new initiative includes many risks including unanticipated delays.



The
nutritional/snack food business is highly competitive and includes such participants as large companies like Mondelez
 Nestle
S.A. and Quaker Oats and more specialized companies such as Cliff Bar
 Quest Nutrition and many smaller companies. Many of these
competitors have well established names and products. Management is not aware of any competitor offering snacks targeting the
nighttime snack occasion
 or formulated to satisfy unhealthy nighttime cravings in a sleep-friendly way. We will initially compete
based upon the unique nature of our product. However
 other companies
 including those with greater name recognition than us and
greater resources may seek to introduce products that directly compete with our products. Management believes that if a competitor
sought to develop a competing product
 it could do so and begin to establish retail distribution in 12-24 months.

Intellectual
Property Rights

We
own the registered trademark &ldquo;NightFood&reg;&rdquo; and believe that it will prove important to our business. Additionally
we own the domain NightFood.com as well as many other relevant domains such as late-night-snack.com
 nighttimesnack.com
 and nighttimesnacking.com
as well as NightFood.us
 NightFood.net
 TryNightFood.com
 GetNightFood.com
 NiteFood.com
 TryNightFood.com
 BuyNightFood.com
and Night-Food.com. We also own the toll-free number 888-888-NIGHT. We rely on proprietary information as to our formulas and
have non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers.&nbsp; In June 2017
 after receiving unsolicited inquiries from international
distributors in multiple foreign countries
 the Company retained the intellectual property law firm Pinnacle IP to assist and
consult on matters of international trademark protection for the NightFood brand.


    
    




We
currently have no employees except Sean Folkson
 our President and CEO
 and Peter Leighton
 our VP of Marketing who is currently
serving the company on a part-time basis. Should we be successful in executing our business plan
 we anticipate hiring additional
employees in the future to assist with various company functions. We rely on consultants and outsourced services to accomplish
work that might otherwise be done by employees in a large established company.



In
FY 2017
 one customer
 KeHE Distributing
 made up 87% of our revenue.

Possible
Planned Acquisition

On
November 25
 2016 we executed and delivered a Plan of Reorganization Including Option to Acquire (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) by and
among the Registrant
 Hook Group
 LLC (&ldquo;Hook&rdquo;) and Suffield Foods. LLC (&ldquo;Suffield&rdquo;). The Plan contemplates
our acquiring an equity interest in and potentially merging Hook and its subsidiary Suffield with and into a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Registrant. Pursuant to the Plan
 we have agreed to use its best efforts to invest up to $9
000
000 in Hook in exchange
for preferred equity in Hook. The Plan contemplated an investment in Hook by the Registrant in tranches over approximately 18
months. The Plan provided that any time after we had invested $7
500
000 in Hook
 we may request a merger of Hook with and into
our wholly owned subsidiary
 Fiber One&trade; Ice Cream
 Inc.
 in exchange for the Hook members receiving a 50% shareholder interest
in us. Such merger would be subject to shareholder approval by us. Hook is a licensee of General Mills Marketing
 Inc. and holds
the right to manufacture and distribute ice cream under the Fiber One&trade; brand name. We are seeking to raise funds through
the sale of equity to meet our obligations under the Plan
 but has obtained limited commitments for funding. If funding is not
realized
 the Plan may not go into effect. The forgoing is a summary of the Plan and is qualified in its entirety by the Plan
which is an exhibit hereto. We anticipate
 based on discussions with Hook management
 that the Plan will be amended to change
the amount and timing of capital investments due thereunder to require a smaller investment by us prior to the merger. However
there is no written agreement for such amendment and we cannot give assurance that the acquisition with Hook will occur. At this
time there is no enforceable agreement for completion of this transaction and we are pursuing other avenues for future revenues.
Therefore the consummation of this acquisition is presently not likely.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

You
should carefully consider the following factors in evaluating our business
 operations and financial condition. The occurrence
of any the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have had limited operations and require substantial additional funds to execute our business plan. 
and have not yet established significant traction in the marketplace. We generated revenue of $21
644 in the year ended June 30
2017
 and $24
918 in the year ended June 30
 2016. Because our capital resources have been limited
 we have been unable to provide
sufficient advertising and marketing support for the product at retail
 resulting in limited revenues. Unless we are able to continue
to leverage our status as a public company into effective fundraising to fund our capital requirements
 we will not be able to
execute on our business plan and purchasers of our stock will be likely to lose their investment

During
FY2017
 the majority of our revenue was derived from one distributor. 
interest for a better nighttime snack option. We have not yet definitively identified a way to market and sell our snack products
either at retail or direct to consumer in a manner that is predictably profitable
 nor have we yet identified the proper elements
of support at retail that will drive consistent consumer purchase behavior.



    
    


Our
independent auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
statements for the years ended June 30
 2017 and June 30
 2016 from our independent registered public accounting firm that includes
an explanatory paragraph and a footnote stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
due to its losses and negative net worth. Inclusion of a &ldquo;going concern qualification&rdquo; in the report of our independent
accountants may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain financing and may adversely impact our stock price in any market
that may develop.

We
remain uncertain of our proposed products&rsquo; market acceptance. 
for evening consumption is a viable niche market with a potential for attractive returns for investors
 this belief is largely
based on preliminary sales and marketing data through platforms such as Amazon and Facebook. We have not conducted any formal
marketing studies. Our limited resources preclude us from doing so. If management is wrong in its belief and there is an insufficient
market for our products
 it is likely we will fail and investors will lose their investment.

Our
ability to hire additional personnel is important to the continued growth of our business. 
our ability to attract and retain a group of motivated marketing and business support professionals. Our growth may be limited
if we cannot recruit and retain a sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to hire and retain a sufficient
number of qualified personnel.

We
may face substantial competition. 
both large conglomerates with substantial resources and smaller companies
 including new companies that might be formed with resources
similar to our own. Competitors may seek to duplicate the perceived benefits of our products in ways that do not infringe on any
proprietary rights that we can protect. As a result we could find that our entire marketing plan and business model is undercut
or made irrelevant by actions of other companies under which we have no control. We cannot promise that we can accomplish our
marketing goals and as a result may experience negative impact upon our operating results.

Our
success depends to a large extent upon the continued service of key managerial employees and our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel. 
 we are highly dependent on the ability and experience of our key employee
 Sean Folkson
our president and CEO We have a consulting agreement with Mr. Folkson. The loss of Mr. Folkson would present a significant setback
for us and could impede the implementation of our business plan. There is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring
and retaining qualified personnel to execute our current plan of operations.

Our proposed acquisition of Hook Group
LLC (&ldquo;Hook&rdquo;) is not certain and even if it occurs
In
November 2016 we entered into an agreement providing for us to acquire Hook
 the licensee of General Mills for FiberOne&trade;
ice cream. The agreement calls for us to make substantial investments in Hook and is dependent on our being able to maintain and
renew Hook&rsquo;s license with General Mills as well as the market acceptance of Hook&rsquo;s proposed products. If we cannot
raise funding satisfactory to Hook to complete the acquisition
 if Hook were to lose the license with General Mills
 or if we
are unable to successfully market Fiber One&trade; ice cream products
 we will not realize any return in our investment in Hook
and our results will be adversely affected. At this time there is no enforceable agreement for completion of this transaction
and we are pursuing other avenues for future revenues. Therefor the consummation of this acquisition is presently not likely.

The ability of our officers to control
.
As of the date of this report
 our president
 Sean Folkson
 owned 16
433
568 shares (directly and through trusts
 includes 2.6
million shares owned by a trust controlled by Mr. Folkson&rsquo;s wife. Mr. Folkson disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares).
&nbsp; Also
 as of the date of this report our Vice President Peter Leighton owned 4
000
000 shares. These two shareholders represent
an aggregate of approximately 69.5 % of our 29
384
432 issued and outstanding shares. &nbsp;Because of their stock ownership
our officers will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors
 decide all matters requiring stockholder approval
and determine our policies. The interests of our president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to
the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of officers and directors and other
business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control
may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because he may institute or undertake transactions
 policies
or programs that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and/ or may sell
sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.



    
    


If we do not receive additional financing
we will not be able to execute our planned expansion
 we believe we will require approximately
$1
000
000 - $2
000
000 in debt or equity financing to affect a planned expansion of our operations and roll out of our existing
and any future products. Management believes that it will be able to raise the required funds
 however this may not prove to be
the case. As of the date of this filing
 we have $650
250 in outstanding convertible promissory notes. We also have an Equity Credit
Line in the amount of $5
000
000. However the utilization of such forms of capital raising can be extremely dilutive to our present

Liquidity

We
may be exposed to potential risks resulting from new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 we are required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. We have not yet completed our assessment of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We would incur additional expenses and diversion of management&rsquo;s
time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the
management certification and auditor attestation requirements.

We
do not have a sufficient number of employees and consultants to segregate responsibilities and are presently unable to
afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees
 and this may
impair our ability to effectively comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
employees and rely on our CEO
 Sean Folkson and our Vice President/CMO Peter Leighton to perform all executive functions.
Peter Leighton will be assisting us on a part time basis. Accordingly
 we cannot segregate duties to provide sufficient
review of our financial activity. During the course of our testing our financial procedures
 we may identify other
deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for
compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition
 if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal
controls
 as such standards are modified
 supplemented or amended from time to time
 we may not be able to ensure that we can
conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are
necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot
provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. Our
officers&rsquo; lack of experience in accounting and financial matters may make our efforts to comply more difficult and
cause us to hire consultants to assist him cutting into our resources.

Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company. 
 we qualify
as an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth
company
 it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable
to other public companies. These provisions include:



    
    
a requirement to have only two years of audited
    financial statements and only two years of related Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis included in an initial public
    offering registration statement;




    
    
an exemption to provide less than five years
    of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement;




    
    
an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement
    in the assessment of the emerging growth company&rsquo;s internal controls over financial reporting;




    
    
an exemption from the adoption of new or revised
    financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies;




    
    
an exemption from compliance with any new requirements
    adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor&rsquo;s
    report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements
    of the issuer; and




    
    
reduced disclosure about the emerging growth
    company&rsquo;s executive compensation arrangements.




    
    


An
emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm
shall
 in the same report
 attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures
for financial reporting. Similarly
 as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company.

As
an emerging growth company
 we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the
shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.

Section
107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words
 an emerging growth
company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards.

We
would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of:



    
    
In our fiscal year ended June 30
 2020





    
    
the first fiscal year after our annual gross
    revenues are $1 billion or more





    
    
the date on which we have
 during the previous
    three-year period
 issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities
 or




    
    
as of the end of any fiscal year in which the
    market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that
    fiscal year.


Risks
Related to Our Common Stock

Commencing
August 21
 2015 we began trading under the Symbol NGTF on the OTC Markets. There had been very little trading activity of our
stock for some time. In April of 2017
 the Company secured a listing on the OTCQB
 and in August of 2017 an investor awareness
campaign was initiated to communicate news of recent company developments and milestones to a broader range of stock market investors.
Trading volume has increased
 but there can be no assurances that significant public trading will ever develop or
 if it develops
that it will be maintained. Our stock is likely to continue to be subject to significant price fluctuations.

In addition
our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts
 and there may be few institutions acting as market makers
for the common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until
our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it trades
is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors
 investor perception
 and general economic and

orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities
many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Any purchasers of our securities should be
aware that any market that develops in our stock will likely be subject to the penny stock restricti

Our
board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock
 which may have rights and preferences detrimental to the
rights of the holders of our common shares. 
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 $0.001 par
value. As of the date of this report
 we have not issued any shares of preferred stock and have no plans to do so. Our preferred
stock may bear such rights and preferences
 including dividend and liquidation preferences
 as the Board of Directors may fix
and determine from time to time. Any such preferences may operate to the detriment of the rights of the holders of the common
stock being offered hereby.



    
    


Our
articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that
may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the
benefit of officers and/or directors. 
of our directors
 officers
 employees
 and agents
 under certain circumstances
 against attorney&rsquo;s fees and other expenses
incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf.
This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us
 which we will be unable to recoup.

We
have been advised that
 in the opinion of the SEC
 indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is
 therefore
 unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against these types of liabilities
 other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director
 officer or controlling
person in the successful defense of any action
 suit or proceeding
 is asserted by a director
 officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered
 we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel
 the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether indemnification by us is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating
to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity
 either of which
factors is are likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares
 if such a market ever develops.

Any
market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions that are likely to create a
lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. 
NASDAQ system
 if ever
 the trading of our securities
 if any
 will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred
to as the OTCBB as maintained by OTCMarkets.com. As a result
 an investor may find it difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate
quotations as to the price of our securities.

SEC
Rule 15g-9 (as most recently amended and effective on September 12
 2005) establishes the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo;
for purposes relevant to us
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price
of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be
penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects the market liquidity for
our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer
approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written
agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In
order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The
broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 sets forth:



    
    
the basis on which the broker or dealer made
    the suitability determination
 and




    
    
that the broker or dealer received a signed
    written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.


Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and
remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Because
of these regulations
 broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or
may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock
 which may affect the ability of selling shareholders
or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in
the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities
 if
and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition
 the liquidity for our securities may decrease
 with a corresponding
decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable
future and our shareholders will
 in all likelihood
 find it difficult to sell their securities. Recently
 several brokerage firms
and clearing firms have adopted special &ldquo;house rules&rdquo; which make it more difficult for their customers to hold or
trade low priced stock and these rules may make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their stock.



    
    


We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 
no plans for paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings
 if any
 to provide
funds for the implementation of our business plan. We do not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore
 there can be no assurance that holders of our common stock will receive any additional cash
 stock or other dividends
on their shares of our common stock until we have funds which the Board of Directors determines can be allocated to dividends.

If
a market develops for our shares
 sales of our shares relying upon rule 144 may depress prices in that market by a material amount
25
053
432 of the outstanding shares of our common stock are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Rule 144
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. As restricted shares
 these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration
statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required
under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a prescribed
period may
 under certain conditions
 sell their shares as a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on or about
February 15
 2008
 there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e.
 a stockholder
who has not been an officer
 director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have
been held by the owner for a period of six months. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act
 if available
or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders
 may have a depressive effect upon the price of
the common stock in any market that may develop.

Any
trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws to the extent they
prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell
shares in those states. Although trading activity in our stock has increased recently
 generally t
market for our common stock
 and there can be no assurance that an active and regular public market will develop in the foreseeable
future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by
various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly referred to as &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual
state laws
 our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because our securities have not been registered for resale
under the &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any
trading market that might develop in the future
 should be aware that there may be significant state &ldquo;Blue Sky&rdquo; law
restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions
prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Accordingly
 investors should consider the secondary market for our securities
to be a limited one.&nbsp;

Recent
issuances of convertible promissory notes may have a negative impact on the trading prices of our common stock. 
in March 2017
 we have entered into $530
000 principal amount of promissory notes with various lenders. These notes are convertible
six months after issuance into free trading shares of our common stock
 with certain limitations
 at conversion prices below the
then market price of our common stock. While we intend to repay these notes before they are converted by using other funds we
may obtain
 including funds received under the EPA
 no assurance can be given that we will be successful in these efforts. Any
conversions of these notes are likely to have a negative effect on the market for our common stock and may cause dilution to our
common stockholders.&nbsp;

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

Description
of Property

We
currently store our inventory in a fulfillment center at a cost of approximately $200 per month which is part of our shipping
and packing relationship. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs and that alternative similar or additional
space could be found in the vicinity of our present property at similar cost should the need arise.&nbsp;

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There
are no current
 past
 pending or threatened legal proceedings or administrative actions either by or against the issuer that could
have a material effect on the issuer&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 or operations.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET
INFORMATION

As
of April 10
 2017 our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;NGTF&rdquo;. Our common stock had previously
been quoted on the under the same symbol on the OTCPink Market which is sponsored and operated by OTCMarkets
 Inc. The OTCQB Market
is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information
on current &ldquo;bids&rdquo; and &ldquo;asks
&rdquo; as well as volume information.

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTCMarkets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions.



The

 2017.






 2017
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2017
    
    

    
 2017
    
    

    
    
    


 2016:
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2015
    
    

    
 2016
    
    

    
 2016
    
    





The
approximate number of stockholders of record at June 30
 2017 is 115. The number of stockholders of record does not include beneficial
owners of our common stock
 whose shares are held in the names of various dealers
 clearing agencies
 banks
 brokers and other
fiduciaries.

DIVIDEND
POLICY

No
dividends have ever been declared by the Board of Directors on our common stock. Our losses do not currently indicate the ability
to pay any cash dividends
 and we do not have the intention of paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

We
do not have any equity compensation plans. The Company entered into a revised Consulting Agreement with A.S. Austin Company with
compensation consisting of warrants to purchase up to 300
000 shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.75 per share.
The warrants expire on October 6
 2021 or five years from the date the contract was executed. The Company also issued 40
000 warrants
to SkyBridge Ventures
 LLC on August 10
 2017
 each warrant give SkyBridge the right to purchase one share of common stock at
$.20 per share
 with a cashless exercise provision. The warrants expire August 10
 2022. The Company has the right to redeem the
warrants prior to November 30
 2017 for $16
000.



    
    


RECENT
SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES


 2017
100
000 shares were issued to one investors for $10
000 in cash ($0.10 per share). No underwriter participated in the foregoing
transactions
 and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
 nor was any general solicitation or general advertising conducted.
The securities bear a restrictive legend and stop transfer instructions are noted on our stock transfer records. These shares were
issued in offerings under Regulation D promulgated under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. The company also
compensated vendors and consultants with 1
097
500 shares in lieu of payment of $186
000
 along with the issuance of 25
000 shares
in lieu of interest payments of $5
000. These issuances were exempt from registration under section 4(1) of the Securities Act
as sales by an issuer not involving a public offering. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2017
 we issued $430
000 principal
amount convertible promissory notes to 6 investors for $351
500. These issuances were exempt from registration under Section 4
(1) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 as transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS.

As
of June 30
 2017
 we had no compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance.

PENNY
STOCK REGULATION

Shares
of our common stock have been and will likely continue to be subject to rules adopted the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided
that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 which contains the following:



    
    
a description
    of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
    

    
    
a description of
    the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with
    respect to violation to such duties or other requirements of securities&rsquo; laws;

    
    
    

    
    
a brief
 clear
    narrative description of a dealer market
 including &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; prices for penny stocks and the
    significance of the spread between the &ldquo;bid&rdquo; and &ldquo;ask&rdquo; price;

    
    
    

    
    
a toll-free telephone
    number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
    

    
    
definitions of significant
    terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of&nbsp;&nbsp;trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
    

    
    
such other information
    and is in such form (including language
 type
 size and format)
 as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.


Prior
to effecting any transaction in penny stock
 the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following:



    
    
the
    bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
    

    
    
the compensation
    of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
    

    
    
the number of shares
    to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market
    for such stock; and

    
    
    

    
    
monthly account
    statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules
 the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have
the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules.
Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock will probably be subject
to the penny stock rules.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.



    
    


ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon
 and should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.



We
caution you that reliance on any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties
 and that although we believe the
assumptions on which our forward-looking statements are based are reasonable
 any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate
and as a result
 the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions could be incorrect. In light of these and other uncertainties
you should not conclude that we will necessarily achieve any plans and objectives or projected financial results referred to in
any of the forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to release the results of any revisions of these forward-looking statements
to reflect future events or circumstances. Some of the factors that may cause actual results
 developments and business decisions
to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include the following:

We
are a snack development
 marketing and distribution company relying on our unique product
 unique product positioning
 and our
marketing expertise to develop and market nutritional/snack foods that are appropriate for evening snacking. Our first product
is the NightFood nutrition bar
 currently available in two flavors (Cookies n&rsquo; Dreams
 and Midnight Chocolate Crunch).

We
believe that over the next several years
 a subset of consumers will begin to shift their night snacking behavior towards snacks
that are formulated to be more &ldquo;sleep friendly&rdquo; compared to what is currently being consumed by much of the population.
As research continues to explore the links between nutrition and sleep
 and consumers continue to seek healthier snacks in general
we expect a category to emerge within the marketplace that we call &ldquo;nighttime nutrition&rdquo;.

The
first major nutrition brands have just started to explore the viability of a nighttime nutrition category as Gatorade&reg; announced
in March of 2016 that they&rsquo;ve begun exploring development of a nighttime yogurt for athletes.

Unlike
the Gatorade initiative
 NightFood seeks to deliver better night snacks to mainstream consumers and not hardcore athletes.

American
consumers spend over $50 Billion annually on snacks consumed at night
 and this figure continues to grow. A majority of adults
are trying to eat foods and snacks that they understand will prevent or manage health problems and 37% of consumers are willing
to pay more for foods with perceived health benefits. Moreover
 industry data indicates that the most popular nighttime snack
choices include products and categories that are traditionally considered high in calories
 and &ldquo;unhealthy&rdquo; options
such as cookies
 salty snacks (chips
 pretzels
 and popcorn)
 ice cream
 and candy.


 the NightFood nutrition
bar
 is currently available in 200-300 supermarkets across the United States
 including the Meijer supermarket chain.

The
Company in select supermarkets
 grocery stores
 and nutrition stores
 primarily in and around New York City
 select stores in
the southeastern US
 and the Market Street supermarket chain in Texas
 which is a division of Albertson&rsquo;s.

After
testing of the direct to consumer market
 The Company is moving forward with a direct to consumer sales initiative with an established
and reputable online marketing agency known as Common Thread Collective (CTC). The Company believes direct to consumer sales
both through its proprietary commerce site
 and through the Amazon commerce platform
 can be rapidly scaled and can achieve profitability
at scale. CTC has a track record of establishing successful direct to consumer campaigns for lifestyle brands
 and is optimistic
and confident that they can help the Company achieve our online sales goals.

DEVELOPMENT
PLANS

Longer-term
assuming that we have established sufficient traction with our initial product
 the NightFood nutrition bar
 the company will
continue to evaluate opportunities to introduce other nighttime specific snack products in the snack formats already popular with
consumers such as cookies
 chips
 and ice cream. Detailed discussions with distributors of snacks in specific popular nighttime
formats have already taken place
 although no new product format launches are imminent as of the time of this filing.



    
    


Mention
scientific advisory board here
 assuming we have somebody on the board before filing. Agreed

It
has been established that the nutritional profile of any food can be evaluated and formulated for what we call &ldquo;sleep-friendliness&rdquo;
and therefore optimized as a better nighttime snack option.



Inflation
can be expected to have an impact on our operating costs. A prolonged period of inflation could cause a general economic downturn
and negatively impact our results. However
 the effect of inflation has been minimal over the past three years.



We
do not believe that our business will be seasonal to any material degree.

Critical
Accounting Policies&nbsp;

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to uncollectible receivables
 inventory valuation
 deferred
compensation and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical performance and on various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates allow us to make judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We
believe the following accounting policies are our critical accounting policies because they are important to the portrayal of
our financial condition and results of operations and they require critical management judgments and estimates about matters that
may be uncertain. If actual results or events differ materially from those contemplated by us in making these estimates
 our reported
financial condition and results of operations for future periods could be materially affected.

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Fiscal
Year ended June 30
 2017 Compared to Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2016



For
the twelve months ended June 30
 2017
 we had revenues of $21
644 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2016 when we had
revenues of $24
918. The company also provided certain sales allowances of $9
462 for the year ended June 30
 2017
 compared to
$22
681 for the year ended June 30
 2016.

Operating
Expenses

Our
operating expenses for the twelve months ended June 30
 2017 were $733
458 compared to $743
247 for the twelve months ended June
30
 2016.

Net
Loss


 2017
we had a net loss of $915
417 compared to the twelve months ended June 30
 2016 when we had a net loss of $726
596.



As
of June 30
 2017
 we had approximately $95
865 worth of product in inventory
 compared to $121
706 worth of product in inventory
as of June 30
 2016.



In
FY 2017
 one customer
 KeHE distributors
 made up over 87% of revenues.



    
    


LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

As
of June 30
 2017
 we had cash on hand of $14
326
 accounts receivable of $382 net of allowances
 and inventory value of $95
865.
During the twelve month period ended June 30
 2017
 we raised $10
001 through the private sale of our common stock.


 we have sustained
operating losses. During the twelve months ended June 30
 2017
 we incurred a net loss of $915
417 and had a total stockholders&rsquo;
deficit of $471
029.

The
Company has limited available cash resources and we do not believe our cash on hand will be adequate to satisfy our ongoing working
capital needs. The Company is continuing to raise capital through private placement of our common stock
 debt
 and the use of
$497
500 of convertible debt to finance the Company&rsquo;s operations
 of which it can give no assurance of success However
we believe that our current capitalization structure
 combined with the continued expansion in distribution
 will enable us to
achieve successful financings to continue our growth.

Even
if the Company is successful in raising additional funds
 the Company cannot give any assurance that it will
 in the future
 be
able to achieve a level of profitability from the sale of its products to sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on recoverability and reclassification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2017 and 2016 respectively
 there was not any net cash provided from investing activities.

During
the twelve months ended June 30
 2017
 net cash aggregating $397
829 was provided by financing activities
 which represents net
proceeds of $10
001 from private sales of our common stock
 $414
250 from the issuance of convertible debt
 $21
984 in advances
by shareholders which was offset by repayments to shareholders of $44
989
 and required principal payments of $3
417 of our bank
loan.&nbsp;


June 30
 2017
 we have generated an accumulated deficit of approximately $3
381
221. Assuming we raise additional funds and continue
operations
 we expect to incur additional operating losses during the course of fiscal 2018 and possibly thereafter. We plan to
continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our operations
 as we have in the past
 primarily through
the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing until such time that we are able to generate sufficient funds
from the sale of our products to finance our operations
 of which we can give no assurance.


 2016
 the company entered
into a material definitive agreement. On that date
 the company executed and delivered a Plan of Reorganization Including Option
to Acquire (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) by and among the Registrant
 Hook Group
 LLC (&ldquo;Hook&rdquo;) and Suffield Foods. LLC (&ldquo;Suffield&rdquo;).
The Plan contemplates the Registrant acquiring an equity interest in and potentially merging Hook and its subsidiary Suffield with
and into a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. As of the date of this filing
 the agreement has not formally been terminated
by the parties
 however
 at this time
 the consummation of this acquisition is not likely.


our operations and we intend to rely on the sale of stock in private placements to increase liquidity and
 we anticipate deriving
additional revenue from product sales in fiscal 2018
 but we cannot at this time quantify the amount. If we are unable to raise
cash through the sale of our stock
 we may be required to severely restrict our operations.


 2017
 we entered into
two agreements with Black Forest
 an Equity Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;EPA&rdquo;) and a Registration Rights Agreement (the
&ldquo;RRA&rdquo;). The two agreements were filed as exhibits to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February
8
 2017
 and this Registration Statement is being filed in order for us to fulfill our obligations under the RRA. The following
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits to our Form 8-K. On August 24
 2017
 the Company issued a &ldquo;put
notice&rdquo; to Black Forest and delivered Black Forest 264
085 shares of common stock in exchange for $30
000. The Company may
continue to make use of this EPA from time to time
 at its discretion.


 March and May 2017
 the Company
entered into convertible promissory notes with several lenders totaling $430
000 and realized net proceeds of $354
000 Among these
notes were promissory notes totaling $120
000 with Black Forest which notes have been assigned to a third party that is not affiliated
with Black Forest.



    
    


The
agreements required us to file a registration statement for the common stock underlying the EPA. Subject to various limitations
set forth in the EPA
 Black Forest
 after effectiveness of such registration statement
 will be required to purchase up to $5
000
000
worth of our common stock at a price equal to 85% of the market price as determined under the EPA. The EPA provides for volume
limitations on the amount of shares that Black Forest must purchase at any time and provides that we will be paid for the common
stock upon electronic delivery of the shares to Black Forest. To date we have raised a net of $28
260.50 through the EPA. No assurance
can be given as to the total amount we will raise through the EPA.

If
funds raised through the EPA are not sufficient to fund our operations
 we intend to rely on the sale of stock in private placements
and the issuance of more debt
 to increase liquidity. If we are unable to raise cash through the sale of our stock
 we may be
required to severely restrict our operations.

Effective
May 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Sean Folkson. The agreement is retroactive to January 1st
 2015.
In exchange for services provided to the Company by Folkson
 the Company has agreed to pay Folkson $6
000 monthly. This compensation
expense started accruing on January 1
 2015
 and will continue to accrue on a monthly basis until the company is in a position
to pay Folkson. As of the date of this filing
 no payments have been made to Folkson against this accrual

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET TRANSACTIONS

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect
on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources.

GOING
CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s independent auditors believe it necessary to include a going concern footnote in their audit report. The Company
has included an explanatory paragraph in the notes to the financial statement for the year ended June 30
 2017 with respect to
Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The
financial statements required by Item 8 are presented in the following order:

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



Report of Independent Registered
    Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Balance Sheets&nbsp;as June 30
 2017 and June
    30
 2016
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for years ended June
    30
 2017 and June 30
 2016
    

    
    

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit
    as of June 30
 2017&nbsp;and June 30
 2016
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for years ended June
    30
 2017 and June 30
 2016
    

    
    

    
    



    
    







NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.

Financial
Statements 

For
the years ended June 30
 2017 and June 30
 2016






    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.


balance sheets of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of June 30
 2017 and 2016 and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the two years in the
period ended June 30
 2017. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform an audit of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June 30
 2017 and 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the two years in the period ended June 30
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred recurring losses and generated negative
cash flows from its operating activities. These raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&rsquo;s plans
 with respect to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




 NY

 2017



    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.&nbsp;
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
326
5
481


681
 respectively)
    
1
358

    
95
865
121
706

    
3
491
1
400

    
114
064
129
945

    
    
    

    
114
064
129
945

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
205
961
165
441

    
180
000
108
000

    
151
020
    

    
44
022
    

    
3
096
4
290

    
    
1
000

    
    
23
000

    
585
094
301
731

    
    
    

    
    
2
222

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 29
724
432&nbsp;&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2017 and&nbsp;&nbsp;28
501
932 outstanding as of June 30
 2016
 respectively)
29
724
28
502

    
2
880
467
2
263
294

    
(3
381
221
(2
465
804

    
(471
030
(174
008

    
114
064
129
945


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
21
644
24
918

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
31
798
104
712

    
12
319
110
751


 general and administrative
239
856
73
545

    
449
485
454
240

    
733
458
743
247

    
    
    

    
(711
814
(718
329

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
267

    
5
501
7
000

    
153
366
    

    
44
022
    

    
203
603
8
267

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(915
417
(726
596

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
29
020
192
27
524
987


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
Years
ended June 30
 2017 and 2016




    
    
Common
    Stock&nbsp;
    
    
    
    Paid-in
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    Stockholders&rsquo;
    

    
    
    
    
    
Par
    Value
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 July 1
 2015
    
    
26
588
588
    
    
    
26
589
    
    
    
1
666
832
    
    
    
(1
739
208
    
    
    
(45
788
    

    
    
    
829
344
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
293
046
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
293
875
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
980
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
000
    

    
    
    
1
064
000
    
    
    
1
064
    
    
    
296
436
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
297
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(726
596
    
    
    
(726
596
    

Balance
 June&nbsp;&nbsp;30
 2016
    
    
28
501
932
    
    
    
28
502
    
    
    
2
263
294
    
    
    
(2
465
804
    
    
    
(174
008
    

    
    
    
1
097
500
    
    
    
1
098
    
    
    
185
703
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
186
800
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
975
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
900
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
416
596
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
416
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(915
417
    
    
    
(915
417
    

Balance
 June 30
 2017
    
    
29
724
432
    
    
    
29
724
    
    
    
2
880
467
    
    
    
(3
381
221
    
    
    
(471
029
    






The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




    
    
    


June 30


    
    
    


June 30


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(915
417
    
    
    
(726
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
186
800
    
    
    
293
875
    

    
    
    
153
366
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
44
022
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
7
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
758
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
411
    

    
    
    
25
841
    
    
    
(74
770
    

    
    
    
(2
091
    
    
    
3
686
    

    
    
    
40
519
    
    
    
68
220
    

    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
72
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(388
984
    
    
    
(323
415
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
001
    
    
    
297
500
    

    
    
    
414
250
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
984
    
    
    
19
000
    

    
    
    
(44
989
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
417
    
    
    
(3
663
    

    
    
    
397
829
    
    
    
312
837
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
845
    
    
    
(10
578
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
    
    
5
481
    
    
    
16
059
    

Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
    
    
14
326
    
    
    
5
481
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
214
    
    
    
1
267
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
430
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
101
511
    
    
    
    
    




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements


    
    


NightFood
Holdings
 Inc. 
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
Description
    of
 Business
NightFood
    Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of
    the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&nbsp;&nbsp;All
    of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s business model is to manufacture
    and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings
    in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly way.




    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end is June 30.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown
 New York.&nbsp;




    
Summary
    of
 Significant
 Accounting Policies
    
Management
    is responsible for the fair presentation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles (GAAP).




    
Use
    of Estimates
    
The
    preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
    estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
    period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
    the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.

    
    
    
    

    
Cash
    and Cash Equivalents
    
The
    Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments
    with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.

    
    
    
    

    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments
    
Statement
    of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the
    Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial
    position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Inventories
    consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for
    spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period
    spoilage is incurred.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
Advertising
    Costs
    
Advertising
    costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of
    operations. &nbsp;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
    website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
    and paid advertising.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company incurred advertising costs of $12
319 and $110
751 for the years ended June 30
    2017 and 2016
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
Income
    Taxes
    
The
    Company has not generated any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Deferred
    income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and
    those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires
    the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized
    for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
    and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
    are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
    are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable
    to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.



    
    




    
    
    
A
    valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely
    than not that the assets will be utilized.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent
    and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.




    
Revenue
    Recognition
    
The
    Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&rsquo;s
    and other customer websites.




    
    
    
All
    sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
    delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits.
    The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received
    in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.




    
    
    
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&nbsp;&nbsp;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2017 and 2016 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

        the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &ldquo;beneficial conversion feature&rdquo; (&ldquo;BCF&rdquo;)
        intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.
        

 the relative
        fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is
        amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
        is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Hedging&rdquo; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments
such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate
fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion
option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves
all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

        to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments
        are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted
        for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at each reporting date
        with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
        Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or
        equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the
        Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management determines if the
        convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring
        measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process
        of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.
        

 derivative liabilities
        are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase or decrease in the fair value from inception
        is made quarterly and appears in results of operations as a change in fair market value of derivative liabilities.



    
    




    
Going
    Concern
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles
 which contemplate the realization
    of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because the business is new and has
    limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.




    
    
    
Management
    is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations
    in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt
    and equity financing. However
 the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
    funds through debt and equity financing and generating revenue. There are no assurances the Company will receive the necessary
    funding or generate revenue necessary to fund operations.




    
Accounts
    receivable
    
The
    Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable arise primarily from the sale of the Company&rsquo;s snack products. On a periodic basis
    the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
    collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution
    partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the
    Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account
    is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has also provided certain
    sales allowances of $0 and $22
681 as of June 30
 2017 and June 30
 2016
 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
Customer
    Concentrations
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2017
 one customer (KeHE Distributors) accounted for approximately 87% of revenues.




    
    
    
Inventories
    consists of the following at June 30





    
    
    
    

    
    
87
676
113
517

    
    
8
189
8
189

    
    
95
865
121
706




    
    
    
Inventories
    are stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs
    or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions and the products relative shelf life. Write-downs
    and write-offs are charged to loss on inventory write down.

    
    
    
    

    
Other
    Current Liabilities
    
Other
    current liabilities consist of the following at June 30





    
    
    
    

    
    
180
000
108
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
180
000
108
000



    
    




    
Notes
    Payable
    
Notes
Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2017





    
    
    
On February 8
 2017 the Company issued $32
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of six (6) months and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 80% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 20
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On March 23
 2017 the Company issued $87
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of six (6) months and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On May 10
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On May 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Below is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet
as of June 30
 2017:





    
    
430
000

    
    
(278
980

    

 2017
151
020









    
    





    
    
    


in Note 8 above
 the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which
are convertible and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company
record the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.






    
    
    
During the year ended June 30
 2017
 the Company recorded a loss in fair value of derivative $44
022. The
Company will measure the fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on
the change in fair value.




    
Short
    and long term borrowings
    
On
                                         November 24
 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with
                                         a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s Chief
                                         Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business
                                         Administration (SBA).




    
    
    
The
    term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8.50% interest rate
 which is based upon
    Wall Street Journal (&ldquo;WSJ&rdquo;) Prime 4.00 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are
    required during this 84 month period.





    
    
    
June 30
 2017
    
    
June 30
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
3
096
    
    
    
6
513
    

    
    
    
    
3
096
    
    
    
6
513
    

    
    
    
    
(3
096
    
    
    
(4
291
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
222
    





    
    
    
Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $714 and $1
267
 respectively.



    
    




    
    
    
On October 16
 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&rsquo; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.




    
    
    
The
    Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders
    of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders.
    Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors.
    Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
    available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&rsquo;s assets after
    payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends
    will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe
    to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding
    the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of
    Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will
    have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of
    holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared
    by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock
    upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any
    liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation
    preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the
    holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their
    shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than
    50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they
    so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has 29
724
432 and 28
501
932 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2017
    and 2016 respectively.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
During
    the year ended June 30
 2017:




    
    
    
the
    Company sold 100
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $10
000


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and
    issued 1
097
500 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $186
800.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
and
    issued 25
000 shares of common stock as part as a loan agreement valued at $5
000.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued dividends.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company entered into a revised Consulting Agreement with A.S. Austin Company with compensation consisting of warrants to purchase
    up to 300
000 shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.75 per share. The warrants expire on October 6
 2021 or five
    years from the date the contract was executed.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
The
    Company has never issued options.




    
Related
    Party Transactions
    
The
        Company received cash from Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $1
000 in
        2017 and 2016
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short term advances have all been
        repaid.
        
Additionally
 five of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders also loaned funds to the Company of $21
984 and repayments
of $44
989 for those loans
 and other preexisting loans
 were completed during the twelve month period ended June 30
 2017.




    
    
    
During
    the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and
    $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2017 and 2016 respectively.



    
    



    
    
The
    consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
    2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 upon thirty (30) day notice by either party.




    
Income
    Tax
A
    reconciliation of the statutory income tax rates and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:




    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    
The
    tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
591
837
    
    
    
344
107
    

    
    
    
    
591
837
    
    
    
344
107
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(591
837
    
    
    
(344
107
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
At
        June 30
 2017 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $2
660
000 for income tax purposes
        which will expire between 2032 and 2037. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets
        has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in
        the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2017 was an increase of $311
242. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25
        P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo;
        be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the
        federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these
        jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and
        does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves
        for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.
        
The
        Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should
        it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&ldquo;IRC&rdquo;). Under
        section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would
        be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating
        loss carryforwards.
        
As
        of June 30
 2017 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of
        Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently
 no
        federal or state income tax returns are under examination by the respective taxing jurisdictions.
        
The
        Company&rsquo;s accounting policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense.
        The Company has not accrued interest for any periods.



    
    




    
Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments

 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and
Other Current Liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.

    
    
    

    
    
Fair
    value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting
    Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
    valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3
    measurements).

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities
    in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other
    inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.

    
    
    

    
    
&mdash;Valuations
    based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions
 consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other
    market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    application of the three levels of the fair value hierarchy under Topic 820-10-35 to our assets and liabilities are described
    below:




    
    




    
Net
    Loss per Share of Common Stock
    
The
    Company has adopted FASB Topic 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share
&rdquo; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on
    the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator
    and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying
    financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
    of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted
    average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method.
    Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
    if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
    However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&nbsp;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion
    would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(915
417
    
    
    
(726
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(915
417
    
    
    
(726
596
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
29
020
192
    
    
    
27
524
987
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
On July
    31
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated July 31
 2017 and funded
    on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&nbsp;&nbsp;As part of this transaction
 the
    Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 &ldquo;Commitment Shares&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;These shares
 although issued to Labrys
    are to be returned to the Company should the Company pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date.&nbsp;&nbsp;In September
    of 2017
 to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed that Labrys shall be entitled
    to keep 100
000 of the 400
650 Commitment Shares in the event of a timely retirement of the debt.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 4
 2017
    the Company entered into a consulting agreement with AJO Capital
 Inc. to provide services relating to business development
    and general business consulting.&nbsp;&nbsp;As compensation for services
 AJO will receive 500
000 shares of Company common
    stock.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered
    into a Forbearance Agreement with SkyBridge Ventures LLC
 whereby the date of conversion eligibility for a $35
000 note held
    by SkyBridge was changed from August 8
 2017 to September 12
 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    &nbsp;
On August 10
 2017
    the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant to assess business continuity planning and business insurance
    needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;As compensation for services
 the consultant will receive 10
000 shares of Company common stock

    
    
    
    

    
    
&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    &nbsp;
On August 24
 2017
    a shareholder loaned the company $10
000. As compensation for making this loan
 the shareholder received 10
000 shares of
    Company common stock
 and is entitled to $2
000 interest.&nbsp;&nbsp;This advance was secured by a promissory note from the
    company to the shareholder whereby the company has until February 24
 2018 to repay the principal and interest.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On August 24
 2017
    the Company sold 264
085 shares of common stock to Black Forest Capital
 LLC
 pursuant to the $5
000
000 Equity Purchase Agreement
    entered into during February of 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;Gross proceeds from this sale totaled $30
000
 equating to a share price
    of $.1136 per share.




    
    




    
    
    
On September 8
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 5
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was JSJ Investments
 Inc.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 8
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 8
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $218
750. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 12
 2017 the Company successfully retired a convertible promissory note dated March
 16
 2017 and held by EMA Financial
 LLC
 in the original principal amount of $75
000.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 13
 2017
 the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation which increased the number of shares of common that it is authorized to issue from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The amendment was previously approved by Company directors and the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 17
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with Dr. Michael Grandner whereby Grander has agreed to serve the Company in a scientific advisory role.&nbsp;&nbsp;Dr. Grander is the Director of the Sleep and Health Research Program at the University of Arizona.&nbsp;&nbsp;He is Certified in Behavioral Sleep Medicine by the American Board of Sleep Medicine
 and is a consultant to Major League Baseball
 the NCAA
 the U.S. Olympic Team
 FitBit
 among other corporate clients.&nbsp;&nbsp;As compensation for his services
 Dr. Grander received warrants to purchase up to 500
000 shares of Company common stock at $.15 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The warrants have a cashless provision.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
On September 26
 2017
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $7
500 of principal and $30 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion was at a price of $.075 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;100
400 shares were issued to the noteholder in this transaction.




    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The
term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a


 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the issuer&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer and principal financial officer)
 or persons performing
similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

The
term internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the issuer&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the assets of the issuer;




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and




    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the issuer&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our
Chief Executive Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of inherent limitations in all control systems
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements
and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the
registrant have been detected. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.



    
    


Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures
reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our chief
executive officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at June 30
 2017 due to the lack of
accounting and management personnel
 as well as insufficient funds to fully engage necessary legal and compliance resources. We
will consider hiring additional employees when we obtain sufficient capital.

Management&rsquo;s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at June 30
2017. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated Framework. Based on that assessment under those criteria
 our management
has determined that
 at June 30
 2017
 our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to a lack of resources.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
exemption provided to issuers that are not &ldquo;large accelerated filers&rdquo; nor &ldquo;accelerated filers&rdquo; under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION.




    
    





ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and qualify
 subject to their prior death
resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors.


officers
 directors and consultants.



 was elected president
Sean Folkson has been CEO and President of our subsidiary NightFood
 Inc.
a New York corporation
 since its formation in January 2010. From 2004 to 2009 he served as president of Specialty Equipment Direct
Inc. which is an online marketer of flooring maintenance equipment which he founded. In 1998 he founded AffiliatePros.com
 Inc.
a company engaged in assisting its clients with internet marketing which operated through 2008. Mr. Folkson received a B.A. in
Business Administration with a concentration in marketing from S.U.N.Y Albany in 1991.

was appointed Vice
President Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer upon the formation of the Company. Peter Leighton holds a BA in marketing from
the University of Florida. For over 25 years he has been engaged in marketing and management for functional foods
 biotech and
turnaround companies. Since 2001 Mr. Leighton has been the founding partner of Copernican Associates
 LLOC a consulting firm offering
B to B and B to C services in various segments. From 2007 to 2010 he was CEO of Advana Science
 Inc.
 a developer of OTC consumer
products and was VP Marketing of Natrol
 Inc.
 an OTC supplement manufacturer from 2002 to 2004. From February 2014 through March
2015
 Mr. Leighton served as Vice President &ndash; Product Strategy for Complete Nutrition Holdings
 Inc.
 a company involved
in operating and franchising high end nutritional product stores. He continues to serve the Company on a part time basis.




 director
 or persons nominated
for these positions
 and no promoter or significant employee of our corporation has been involved in legal proceedings that would
be material to an evaluation of our management.




stage of development and our small size
 the present adoption of a code of ethics is not appropriate. If we grow we will adopt
a suitable code of ethics.






one member and consequently does not currently have a compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee.
If our board of directors were to significantly increase in size
 we will consider the appropriateness of committees.



    
    





 the board of directors acts
as the audit committee. The board of directors does not have an audit committee financial expert. The board of directors has not
yet recruited an audit committee financial expert to join the board of directors because we have only recently commenced a significant
level of financial operations.




because he is our majority shareholder
 CEO and sole full-time employee.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership of
Reporting Compliance


our directors and executive officers and persons who own beneficially more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership of such common stock with the SEC
 and to file copies of such reports with us. Based solely upon a review
of the copies of such reports filed with us
 we believe that during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2017 such reporting persons
complied with the filing requirements of Section 16(a). Neither Mr. Folkson nor Mr. Leighton have engaged in any purchases or sales
of our common stock since we became subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended that
were not reported on a Form 4.






and non-cash annual remuneration of our CEO and director during our past two fiscal years:



Name
and Principal 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Sean Folkson
*
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
72
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
72
000
    
    
    
72
000
    




Name
and Principal 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Peter Leighton

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


To date
 Mr. Folkson has not received
any payment as a result of his consulting agreement. All compensation continues to accrue.


plan to give any compensation other than cash and the granting of shares of common stock. The Company does not have any Stock Option
Plan or other equity compensation plans.





 whereby Mr. Folkson receives $6
000
in consulting fees each month
 beginning January
 2015. As the company has not had sufficient funds to date to pay Mr. Folkson
these fees have accrued and will continue to accrue until such time as the Company has sufficient funds to issue payment in part
or in full.





including payments to be received from the Company
 with respect to any person named in the Summary Compensation Table set forth
above that would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation
 retirement or other termination
of such person&rsquo;s employment with us.


    
    







rights were made during the year ended June 30
 2016. We have no stock options outstanding.




we provide pension
 retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not have any material bonus or profit
sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock (our only class of voting securities) as of September 28
 2017
by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more
than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 including those shares subject to outstanding options.



    
    
    

    
    
    

 c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Tarrytown
 NY 10691
16
433
568
    

    
    
    

 c/o Nightfood Holdings
 Tarrytown
 NY 10691
4
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
20
433
568
    





which may result in &ldquo;changes in control&rdquo; as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


16
 2013 and upon our organization we issued 20
000
000 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s founder
 President and CEO
in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Night Food
 Inc.
 a New York corporation. During October and
December 2013
 Mr. Folkson assigned 4
000
000 shares of his common stock to Peter Leighton as compensation in connection with his
joining the Company and an aggregate of 104
500 shares to 35 persons as gifts. Mr. Folkson had advanced an aggregate of $134
517
to us to fund our operations
 and had previously been shown on our financial statements as a Note Payable. This note has since
been converted to equity as outlined below. Our sole director is not deemed independent because he is our majority shareholder
CEO and sole full-time employee.



    
    


Mr. Folkson
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $1
000 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 to supplement
the Company&rsquo;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid.
        




    
    




    
    

 five of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders also loaned funds to the Company of $21
984 and repayments
of $44
989 for those loans
 and other preexisting loans
 were completed during the twelve month period ended June 30
 2017.




    
    
During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &ndash; related party for 2017 and 2016 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
The consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term
 with thirty (30) days notice by either party.


ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES




years ended June 30
 2017 and 2016 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial
statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by
the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years were $32
500 and $18
000
respectively.




 2017
and 2016
 for professional services related to tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning work by our principal accountants
we incurred expenses of $0 and $0 respectively.






    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Subsidiaries of the Registrant NightFood
 Inc. a 100% owned New York corporation*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year ended June 30
 2015



    
    





the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



    
NightFood Holdings
 Inc.

    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    

 Chief Executive Officer

 Financial
 and
Accounting Officer)



Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
    
 2017

    
    
(principal executive
 financial and accounting officer)
    
    


















     






AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Sean Folkson
 certify that:


Holdings
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in this report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:


or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that
involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


    
    

    
    

October 3
 2017
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)
















     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002


Report on Form 10-K of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2016
 I
 Sean Folkson
 Chief Executive Officer
of NightFood Holdings
 Inc..
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:


fiscal year ended June 30
 2017
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and


Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30
 2016 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of NightFood Holdings
 Inc.



    
    

    
    

October 3
 2017
    
    

    
    
    


 Financial and Accounting Officer)&nbsp;



















 October 04










2010-11-24









2010-11-23


2010-11-24












2015-01-01


2015-03-31









2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30












2015-06-30









2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30












2015-07-01


2016-06-30









2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30












2016-06-30









2017-02-08









2017-01-18


2017-02-08









2017-03-10









2017-02-16


2017-03-10









2017-03-16









2017-02-23


2017-03-16









2017-03-20









2017-02-28


2017-03-20









2017-03-23









2017-03-01


2017-03-23









2017-05-16









2017-04-27


2017-05-16









2016-07-01


2017-06-30












2016-07-01


2017-06-30












2016-07-01


2017-06-30












2016-07-01


2017-06-30












2016-07-01


2017-06-30












2016-07-01


2017-06-30









2017-06-30












2017-06-30












2017-06-30












2017-06-30












2017-06-30












2017-06-30












2017-06-30















2017-07-01


2017-07-31















2017-07-01


2017-07-31














2017-07-26T10:11:12


2017-08-04T12:21:11














2017-08-03


2017-08-10














2017-08-02


2017-08-10














2017-08-24














2017-08-14


2017-08-24













2017-08-14


2017-08-24













2017-09-12













2017-09-12













2017-09-12













2017-09-13













2017-09-17













2017-09-01


2017-09-17













2017-09-26













2017-09-24


2017-09-26









2017-09-28











NightFood Holdings





















































































































































































































 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16
 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood
 Inc.
 a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder
 Sean Folkson.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All of its operations are conducted by the subsidiary
 NightFood
 Inc.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s business model is to manufacture and distribute snack products specifically formulated for nighttime snacking to help consumers satisfy nighttime cravings in a better
 healthier
 more sleep friendly way.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s fiscal year end is June 30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company currently maintains its corporate address in Tarrytown


 prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 25.9pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates are used in the determination of depreciation and amortization
 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies
 among others.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies as cash and cash equivalents amounts on deposit in the banks and cash temporarily in various instruments with original maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch:
 normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statement of financial accounting standard FASB Topic 820
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for assets and liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consisting of packaged food items and supplies are stated at the lower of cost (FIFO) or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of sales during the period spoilage is incurred.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company has no minimum purchase commitments with its vendors.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are included in advertising and promotional expense in the accompanying statements of operations. &amp;#160;Included in this category are expenses related to public relations
 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $12
319 and $110
751 for the years ended June 30
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has not generated
 any taxable income
 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#8221;
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A valuation allowance has been recorded to fully offset the deferred tax asset even though the Company believes it is more likely than not that the assets will be utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory rates associated with taxing jurisdictions because of permanent and temporary timing differences as well as a valuation allowance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space:
 normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company generates its revenue from products sold from traditional retail outlets along with items distributed from the Company&amp;#8217;s and other customer websites.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All sources of revenue is recorded pursuant to FASB Topic 605 Revenue Recognition
 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs
 consisting primarily of advertising related credits. The Company records advertising related credits with customers as a reduction to revenue as no identifiable benefit is received in exchange for credits claimed by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial;
 text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 79px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 78px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1096px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At various times during the year
 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2017 and 2016 the Company did not have any uninsured cash deposits.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beneficial Conversion Feature&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For conventional convertible debt where the rate of conversion is below market value
 the Company records any &amp;#8220;beneficial conversion feature&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;BCF&amp;#8221;) intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;When the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Debt Issue Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company may pay debt issue costs in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt whether convertible or not or with other consideration. These costs are recorded as debt discounts and are amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Original Issue Discount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If debt is issued with an original issue discount
 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs
 a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valuation of Derivative Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;ASC 815 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221; requires that embedded derivative instruments be bifurcated and assessed
 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes
 derivatives and debt discounts and recognizes a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow
 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible
 debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Once determined


 which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Because the business is new and has limited operating history and relatively few sales
 no certainty of continuation can be stated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management is taking steps to raise additional funds to address its operating and financial cash requirements to continue operations in the next twelve months. Management has devoted a significant amount of time in the raising of capital from additional debt and equity financing. However


 the Company evaluates each customer account and based on the days outstanding of the receivable
 history of past write-offs
 collections
 and current credit conditions
 writes off accounts it considers uncollectible. With most of our retail and distribution partners
 invoices will typically be due in 30 or 45 days. The Company does not accrue interest on past due accounts and the Company does not require collateral. Accounts become past due on an account-by-account basis. Determination that an account is uncollectible is made after all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company has also provided certain sales allowances of $0 and $22
681 as of June 30
 2017 and June 30
 2016


 2017


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 470px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;87
676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;113
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;95
865&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top:
 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;121


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 470px; text-indent: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;Accrued consulting fees &amp;#8211; related party&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;180
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;108
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt 10pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;180
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;108


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Notes Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Notes Payable consist of the following at June 30
 2017
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1096px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On February 8
 2017 the Company issued $32
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of six (6) months and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 80% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On March 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On March 20
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On March 23
 2017 the Company issued $87
500 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of six (6) months and interest rate of 8% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On May 10
 2017 the Company issued $80
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of nine (9) months and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 60% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty-five (25) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On May 16
 2017 the Company issued $75
000 in convertible notes to an investor group. The notes have a maturity of one (1) year and interest rate of 12% per annum and are convertible at a price of 50% of the average closing bid prices on the primary trading market on which the Company&amp;#8217;s Common Stock is then listed for the twenty (20) trading days immediately prior to conversion. The note may be prepaid
 but carries a penalty in association with the remittance amount
 as there is an accretion component to satisfy the note with cash.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Below is a reconciliation of the convertible notes payable as presented on the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheet as of June 30
 2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Convertible notes payable issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;430
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Unamortized Amortization of debt discount and beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(278
980&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Balance at June 30
 2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;151
020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79px; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 314px; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Derivative Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1096px;&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Due to the variable conversion price associated with some of these convertible promissory notes disclosed in Note 8 above
 the Company has determined that the conversion feature is considered a derivative liability for instruments which are convertible and have not yet been settled. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of the derivatives on the date they are deemed to be derivative liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78px; text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1096px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the year ended June 30
 2017
 the Company recorded a loss in fair value of derivative $44
022. The Company will measure the fair value of each derivative instrument in future reporting periods and record a gain or loss based on the change in fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


 2010
 the Company entered into a Small Business Working Capital Loan with a well-established Bank. The loan is personally Guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 which is further Guaranteed for 90% by the United States Small Business Administration (SBA).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 20.4pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 76px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 301px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 75px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1053px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The term of the loan is seven years until full amortization and currently carries an 8.50% interest rate
 which is based upon Wall Street Journal (&amp;#8220;WSJ&amp;#8221;) Prime 4.00 % Plus 4.75% and is adjusted quarterly. Monthly principal payments are required during this 84 month period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;June 30
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 451px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76px; line-height: 14.26px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 301px; line-height: 14.26px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 75px; line-height: 14.26px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1053px; text-align: justify; line-height: 14.26px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest expense for the years ended June 30
 2017 and 2016
 totaled $714 and $1
267


 2013
 the NightFood
 Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of NightFood Holdings
 Inc. Accordingly
 the stockholders&amp;#8217; equity has been revised to reflect the share exchange on a retroactive basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company is authorized to issue One Hundred Million (100
000
000) shares of $0.001 par value per share Common Stock. Holders of Common Stock are each entitled to cast one vote for each Share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not allowed; hence
 the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock can elect all directors. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro-rata in any distribution of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets after payment of liabilities. The Board of Directors is not obligated to declare a dividend and it is not anticipated that dividends will be paid unless and until the Company is profitable. Holders of Common Stock do not have pre-emptive rights to subscribe to additional shares if issued by the Company. There are no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the Common Stock. All of the outstanding Shares of Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable and all of the Shares of Common Stock offered thereby will be
 upon issuance
 fully paid and non-assessable. Holders of Shares of Common Stock will have full rights to vote on all matters brought before shareholders for their approval
 subject to preferential rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock. Holders of the Common Stock will be entitled to receive dividends
 if and as declared by the Board of Directors
 out of funds legally available
 and share pro-rata in any distributions to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. The holders of Common Stock will have no conversion
 pre-emptive or other subscription rights. Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding-up of the Company
 assets
 after the payment of debts and liabilities and any liquidation preferences of
 and unpaid dividends on
 any class of preferred stock then outstanding
 will be distributed pro-rata to the holders of the common stock. The holders of the common stock have no right to require the Company to redeem or purchase their shares. Holders of shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights
 which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares
 voting for the election of directors
 can elect all of the directors to be elected
 if they so choose
 and
 in that event
 the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times,
 serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has 29
724
432 and 28
501
932 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2017 and 2016 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the year ended June 30
 2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;the Company sold 100
000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $10
000
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;and issued 1
097
500 shares of common stock for services with a fair value of $186
800.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;and issued 25
000 shares of common stock as part as a loan agreement valued at $5
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividends&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has never issued dividends.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0
 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company entered into a revised Consulting Agreement with A.S. Austin Company with compensation consisting of warrants to purchase up to 300
000 shares of the Company common stock at a price of $.75 per share. The warrants expire on October 6


 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and related party
 $0 and $1
000 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 to supplement the Company&amp;#8217;s working capital. These short term advances have all been repaid.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additionally
 five of the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders also loaned funds to the Company of $21
984 and repayments of $43
989 for those loans
 and other preexisting loans
 were completed during the twelve month period ended June 30
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.3in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 78px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the third quarter 2015
 Mr. Folkson began accruing a consulting fee of $6
000 per month which the aggregate of $72
000 and $72
000 is reflected in professional fees and presented in the accrued expenses &amp;#8211; related party for 2017 and 2016 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 7pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The consulting agreement for Mr. Folkson had a term of one year
 and then converted into a month to month
 effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 391px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Statutory U.S. federal rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.9&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;27.1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;20.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Provision for income tax expense(benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman',
 times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 313px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1175px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The tax effects of the temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to deferred tax assets consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 391px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;591
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;344
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;591
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;344
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(591
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(344
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color:
 black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 313px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1175px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;At June 30
 2017 the Company had estimated U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately $2
660
000 for income tax purposes which will expire between 2032 and 2037. For financial reporting purposes
 the entire amount of the net deferred tax assets has been offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainty regarding the realization of the assets. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the year ended June 30
 2017 was an increase of $311
242. The Company follows FASC 740-10-25 P which requires a company to evaluate whether a tax position taken by the company will &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; be sustained upon examination by the appropriate tax authority. The Company has analyzed filing positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns
 as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Company believes that its income tax filing positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. Therefore
 no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company may not be able to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for its US income taxes in future periods should it experience a change in ownership as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (&amp;#8220;IRC&amp;#8221;). Under section 382
 should the Company experience a more than 50% change in its ownership over a 3 year period
 the Company would be limited based on a formula as defined in the IRC to the amount per year it could utilize in that year of the net operating loss carryforwards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of June 30
 2017 the Company had not performed an analysis to determine if the Company was subject to the provisions of Section 382. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax including state and local jurisdictions. Currently


 Receivables
 Other Current Assets
 Short-Term Debt
 Accounts Payable
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: bottom; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of these items approximated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures
 Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) ASC Topic 820-10-35 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurements).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;
 font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 0.5in; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; padding-left: 25pt; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8212;Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions


 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share
&amp;#8221; which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements
 basic loss per share of common stock is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method
 options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance
 if later)
 and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. However
 shares associated with convertible debt
 stock options&amp;#160;and stock warrants are not included because the inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e. reduce the net loss per common share).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no anti-dilutive instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 376px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Numerator - basic and diluted loss per share net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;29
020
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27
524


 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated July 31
 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As part of this transaction
 the Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 &amp;#8220;Commitment Shares&amp;#8221;.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These shares
 although issued to Labrys
 are to be returned to the Company should the Company pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In September of 2017
 to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the 400
650 Commitment Shares in the event of a timely retirement of the debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On August 4
 2017
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with AJO Capital
 Inc. to provide services relating to business development and general business consulting.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As compensation for services
 AJO will receive 500
000 shares of Company common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with SkyBridge Ventures LLC
 whereby the date of conversion eligibility for a $35
000 note held by SkyBridge was changed from August 8
 2017 to September 12
 2017.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On August 10
 2017
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant to assess business continuity planning and business insurance needs.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As compensation for services
 the consultant will receive 10
000 shares of Company common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On August 24
 2017
 a shareholder loaned the company $10
000. As compensation for making this loan
 the shareholder received 10
000 shares of Company common stock
 and is entitled to $2
000 interest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This advance was secured by a promissory note from the company to the shareholder whereby the company has until February 24
 2018 to repay the principal and interest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times,
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On August 24
 2017
 the Company sold 264
085 shares of common stock to Black Forest Capital
 LLC
 pursuant to the $5
000
000 Equity Purchase Agreement entered into during February of 2017.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Gross proceeds from this sale totaled $30
000
 equating to a share price of $.1136 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 13.33px; font-style: normal; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; orphans: 2; widows: 2; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 79px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 314px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 78px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1096px; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 8
 2017 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 5
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $75
000. The lender was JSJ Investments
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 8
 2017
 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note a security purchase agreement dated September 8
 2017 and funded on September 12
 2017
 in the amount of $218
750. The lender was Eagle Equities
 LLC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 12
 2017 the Company successfully retired a convertible promissory note dated March
 16
 2017 and held by EMA Financial
 LLC
 in the original principal amount of $75
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 13
 2017
 the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation which increased the number of shares of common that it is authorized to issue from 100
000
000 to 200
000
000. The amendment was previously approved by Company directors and the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 17
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with Dr. Michael Grandner whereby Grander has agreed to serve the Company in a scientific advisory role.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Dr. Grander is the Director of the Sleep and Health Research Program at the University of Arizona.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;He is Certified in Behavioral Sleep Medicine by the American Board of Sleep Medicine
 and is a consultant to Major League Baseball
 the NCAA
 the U.S. Olympic Team
 FitBit
 among other corporate clients.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As compensation for his services
 Dr. Grander received warrants to purchase up to 500
000 shares of Company common stock at $.15 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The warrants have a cashless provision.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September 26
 2017
 noteholder Eagle Equities converted $7
500 of principal and $30 of interest of an outstanding note to stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The conversion was at a price of $.075 per share.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;100


 the valuation for non-cash issuances of common stock
 and the website
 income taxes and contingencies



 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments




 investor relations
 new package design
 website design
 design of promotional materials
 cost of trade shows
 cost of products given away as promotional samples
 and paid advertising.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company incurred advertising costs of $12
319 and $110
751 for the years ended June 30
 2017 and 2016


 and
 therefore
 no provision for income taxes has been provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 79px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 314px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 78px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 1096px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with FASB Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes&amp;#8221;
 which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases


 when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 delivery of services has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company occasionally offers sales incentives through various programs


 the Company may exceed the federally insured limits.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To mitigate this risk
 the Company places its cash deposits only with high credit quality institutions.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes the risk of loss is minimal.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30


 the Company records any &amp;#8220;beneficial conversion feature&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;BCF&amp;#8221;) intrinsic value as additional paid in capital and related debt discount.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;When the Company records a BCF
 the relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument. The discount is amortized over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs



 the original issue discount is recorded to debt discount
 reducing the face amount of the note and is amortized over the life of the debt to the statement of operations as amortization of debt discount. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs


 along with free-standing derivative instruments such as warrants
 on their issuance date and measured at their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. Upon conversion of a note where the embedded conversion option has been bifurcated and accounted for as a derivative liability
 the Company records the shares at fair value
 relieves all related notes


 market or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities
 the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and then is revalued at each reporting date
 with changes in fair value reported in the consolidated statement of operations. For stock based derivative financial instruments
 Fair value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments such as conversion features in convertible debt or equity instruments
 and measurement of their fair value for accounting purposes. In determining the appropriate fair value
 the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments
 management determines if the convertible debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement. If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt
 the Company will continue its evaluation process of these instruments as derivative financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Once determined


676&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;113
517&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;Packaging&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;95
865&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;121


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;108
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 1.5pt; width: 15px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt 10pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;TOTAL&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;180
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 4pt; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; text-indent: 0px; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-left: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;108


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 7pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 470px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Convertible notes payable issued&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;430
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Unamortized Amortization of debt discount and beneficial conversion feature&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(278
980&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Balance at June 30
 2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;151
020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 451px; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total borrowings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(3
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(4
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2




837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;344
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;591
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;344
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(591
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(344


417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 120px; text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net loss available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(915
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(726
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Denominator &amp;#8211; basic and diluted loss per share &amp;#8211; weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;29
020
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;27
524























































 and then converted into a month to month effective January 1
 2016. This agreement can be terminated after the initial term


























 2017 to September 12




 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP. As part of this transaction
 the Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 Commitment Shares. These shares
 although issued to Labrys
 are to be returned to the Company should the Company pay off the note prior to the 6 month maturity date. In September of 2017
 to facilitate the issuance of additional operating capital
 the Company and Labrys agreed that Labrys shall be entitled to keep 100
000 of the 400


 2017 and funded on August 1
 2017
 in the amount of $100
000. The lender was Labrys Fund
 LP. As part of this transaction
 the Company issued Labrys a block of 400
650 Returnable Shares. These shares
 although issued to Labrys



























 October 04












































































































































































































































































































































































 October 04











































































































 October 04























































































































































































































































 October 04











































































 Net


681


923 and $0


363 and $12
923























































































 without par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 25
700
060 issued and outstanding as of March 31
 2015 and 25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 29
724
432 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2017 and 28
501
932 outstanding as of June 30
 2016


 ($0.001 par value
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 and 26
588
588 issued and outstanding as of June 30
 2015 and 25
130
560 outstanding as of June 30
 2014















































 Shares









 Shares









































































































































 Value






 Shares



















 Value






 Shares








 Value




























 Gain (Loss) on Derivative













































































































 Convertible


































 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events








 Notes


















































































































































































































































 Interest Rate





 Convertible













 Long-term and Short-term
































































 Value





 Shares





































































 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate






 Deduction





 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance


















































































































































































 Converted Instrument





 Maturity Date





 Convertible










 Periodic Payment










 Value

































 October 04

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 img_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!




N?*EBDV]?+D5\?7:3C\:\U^-'PF\*?';X4^/?A!XX@E

BO5R.M@




WR

^L3Q6+S;.


+O$'@3QI^T-X(T
M7Q7X6U72=?TASJ]Y+INI0*K3V4TUAIEU:M<0%PDZ13R&*4/$^V1'4?4OPY^

/$#
3P!DDEF;OG)/8?T7XI^#



;Y$SI&
?K7$/@]GW#G .4^(.*S/**^69M#**E
M+ X=XU8^C'.:=:IAG4=;#PPL_9JBU65*H[.:=-S49
_#^%O'KA?BSQ/S[PKP





(PIU?[WO@?_ 
%!_P!C_P#:/\=_\*S^

MUC:$%Z^S:_D^_P4?\ P3C_ &O/A1^U/\-/CY\4/AC!X%^'&F^$_$E]]LU[
MQ%H


M(\)\34\JX
S]\0Y9_9N&KXC%/&X'





M(VU[B!6'56FC5A^!8&IP00"

MUO1KO13H\MM+ILGU?_P2L\*^'?&O_!



KXC_U8J9SP?DN/C/




MX%YJA3??L%_MWQ5XEX+\-
!DG$V8\)X+-LRIXVOEG#^'PNRO3P\JV%A6QU


=B'5I?6L-AJD%4GC5BH







MO%8[)\NR7C.-;#SQ.+J8.EF_#.-K86GFF7T\3B9/ U


7]K75U)K$U\OQ'\7QW!U!IDN5NXG35%
4B
MSQM.GDK&D+(Q18P1(?[PM._:-\-_ _\ 88\ ?M$_&37-0O[+0?@+\.?$_B/4


M7OA?X

M]:6'CKQ-\

2I=


-_P$

[;Z_
MMSD_X*??L'Q_#Q_B6O[2/P^ET5;


H..+Q&%R+'8Z-3$4\1'#
'P]3#U,3+.*<,YQ=/U







M.G0K?FSLM CD^P(L
EY




76GA(3HU?Y0_!WQ6^*'P\UVV\4^ _B1

M:-X2T[5?ASX!\1:C8:!96^F6
^NZA%JL=[JIM;9?)BN;E+:V%PEM!;K
85E



MH:@\UY+Y

F?M



M-&)IF.CW#);(9
_9FVE1_.#;7
^GSVU]8W$ME=Z?/;ZA87=O((;BRN[6Y2[L
MKBVFC*F*:VFA2655S;WH$6-@&/^@'_ 
%*-
TZ_P#V&/VFI+S3M/OI;+X3


M]I]+CA'
-K4_9U\9A

_P''[3_P ;O'_C7]IB3XZ?&3Q]XX\ ^_A
MMH/C%[[XA:WJFO67AZZM=2OUU/4+;4M5%Q/:(FAVDCW=I;WPM' 9_LSNHEK

&=M)O;^(ZE!#<QL)

H4(PE4A&IB*OMZ?U_C/GGB#X9Y5
MP#X 9+QKFN88[









MMF.

MAK2]5E@L]

PX\R'X[B3%Y97J8KC


MO%!
N!;?VEK0DFCB8 E56XG4QEX68L4)'VM^RK_P5'_:S_9;U_3);;X@ZY\5


M_P!

-*TWPYX;^

/?$FE:'XD$<ZRK

MW.;G[&[:)?ZI:VNJ1P76V46U]-IYN;?3YFB?-Q=0.%4!52/#'PEX6X*S_P 2
M

!'$NBZD(X
M*
J/L:V+JUH:^


9X:-:-)SQ\X5U6HX*C0J8'A#Q_P#&3P!=6WC[P'XS

M!]GDLYM

M 

H




?\ !/']G8#&!I/B[&#D8_X3
M[Q3CD

M]2OO_DV/AW;_HAN$_\ U0Y:?YB$A/E28W?ZMUQQ_JP$P  H1MDS%5E/+D9

MXG'8G+\VQV.QD:^68W JC0Q&54L+33GBDHSJNOS1E3I\_*HRE[1QLY?S!]%/

QEB



MK.-J[6-_]J[_ ((G_#C]J#X\^._CM-\;O&_@S4_B%+I=[K.@6^@:-K=A;ZAI
MFDV&C;]/NKBYLKB*SN+73+-VM)EG







NRO 9IEV887.L17QM

MK4Z\J.8SEA\NJ1=:A.=+'UFO=HUXR_FI_9?\ AK^RQ\5#XQ\
M?M!_'CQ)^SUXH/\ 9
WPU\8+X3;Q?\/KQ

M:STI-/BOENIDF
:-]8)_P37_ &?I-:.S_@IK^R*/#2



/.M*A+


DQ.
J8

M3:!XOU/]HOX;_M6_$*R$.IZ!I%QXO\%IX1TZ[L3'
-0M_ &GZSJ%YJMQ93EF



MKS]IH$X!^
WC4\#)XUJ7G;QG'KSC/WDSS_9-_P $@BQ_X)W?LX[@H;^P/$((
M7H

O$('\$?.


XP\-^$.'LAS#$XK-LLQ.2UL=AZN6XS0
MP\,%PW'+L0G7Q5&I*.+O3BJ+FIQ3J1:A9OUO #P9\0. O%SC_BOB;*\'@\C



M&
'6P
LMQE.E2K97F53$8QO&S7U25.-&


WFH71\/_ +0_
MQ
TG1)8UC@T_5/#GAK6M0A#%_MR:I VD17
.X[632%\:?LZGQ4MB9DEET]=?T73M5-D;AO(24PZ-OYQ$?F!=XC4MLK^$O

@A55(?_1!\8_L]

M-&RF!Y T1'E



+](
M6+5-#D






M?AQ

M5GK0MXMIANSYBP1?S\?M





*%2E'8/9U[6-

D\14_RN:QHWQ^WQ%N]&UB






!DN8[:WAW27;


M=_HMYXXM[&U\):-J5O(DMIJ=AX.LUFM;C4;26

ME_0LL\0_HY^'57-.(N#

)@\%G?M(PJR]O+!8:KG2IX')\)6K


?]
H  8 P!P .@'I7



MB.X@L+IU02QZ?:VUV(]RQ7D3B.2/UGX]?\$&O@?\6_BEXB\?^#OB?K_PBT'7


M9SC2?%HR

M@#2KBPBUW7%M8]2U6YO]2O=7U\GALXX[:W66_UY


3B*$YT9.4J4ITZD9N
MG*3E#FY6VTS_ $

:D%RS2YH^ZTV4445\X?5A1110 5^
?\ P6;_ &(O''[5GP;\






%O!;HL

$
.JF&&&&.
*D444/[J.-%5$C_=J

+K5<1C\Q=/$8FG25.%#4G7E52G*%&E1****_

begin 644 img_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 #6 7H# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_B@C((]1


M1F[C

MVA-X;T'3='L_#O@[PK#J0OFTGP_)(S2W
^J(%C3Q#
Q\UP$ #
05X KYCTVR
M'^OGR0

MRO).3N[6_G?BWBW&YGCO]@S1QRB$FE9-/F4FNEG=M;]%IWO_ $2?LX?\%Y?%
$]6O\ Q)\%KI$TOPCXBU[Q!JFO^+/#<\KH[^'M
M;_M3+&+02J^9#P-$B!;)0[:^7XSR+Y2^; MVE?FC&_*U)76B3LTVMFKK1GV
M_AUQ%F6;2S'!8_






D?J2
[?;N<!X]^+W@_P'L\%SXQA\


MZ)8Z!J]I)=7:ZGJVE6#6B@L?[77+;AL!R

^%O$^M:#X8
M\2:;XM\.P79-GK^EGYKL%F*Q\]0HPI/ .

MIG!6%RM)XQJ2S9;:22=N]DEMTZW[']\?_!OY_P %;/VEOVOO&/Q4^!7[4_B#
MP-XFMO 7@[2/$O@?XF0)I?@W6))KK4XM'/A#5=.EECM?$DMX%_MB/6]%)\O#

M?1_%^CS:QH.IF

*5



H
MM)J491::=FG=-K5-/?J%%)D#J0/QI:104444 %%%%%PBBB@ HHHH **** 



M$/\ :0AE


M#&.F




GH?3NQ.)T\DNBW27DNR_KIQX7#-N/1

M;33P/+

M6
DFU6_MN7&OC@C
BD



_\'6VE:3K4?A7]KG]E/Q#X0U2R
MN;?3]6\0_W5SJPMDG52+I?6KAVD\PD3*O_  D$(*L%*H!@?MI^SY_P6G_X


MD%3G :OX'?B=X)M_&
-\T6GV_@[7/$




M
9XJ3BI)6=M-4FK-V[K9V[]G_;H0O4\9X[^G'^33


MVCR99=0\-7$D'B32R




MI/5OJK]6^^IC@8 'H

M[:6;[VM^)S9CB<

VOC 7GQ#N=.TB[?PSJ5G8)#JERIL-.76%F



MOJN[6^FW1_\ #'X]FF8_VMFR^II]+-I]?5+9/O;RU)[[Q!IVBZ5;:QXCN]'\
M.&:W=0VIZZ+#3LC*_

MQ+IFDGB66.
JK%OO

M2 :_(7XE_ CXG_!1K35/$.DE-&N;M4L_%'ARZ;4K*/4QQ'YM\I7^Q

C:@FF2M X%[I4\^GLMW9RF/JJ21,C!!]U6VD\4O]FVMW(BI;36
MBJ%2,(H$80?*B1J#@(% K@G P:]&CDL<-BOKV#?NN\EKI9W?IU\O\O.S#B*
M68Y/EN QJ?

M4+-X^3)_:L;+L5N&V

M_4_5
J;67Y4D]I=];*.E];]%OL?N!^SE_P %S?\ @I/^S:NEVGAC]HK6OB/X


M
#G^'2RU?R2






MS73M+^

(=3T#^VM%U1XA_K8G



B

X*J1NSNP0-V23G'7))SU-9
M--:--/S31ZE%I----)Z-/1I6V8ZBBBD

MEU&::P-Y_P A

MVTT6V:?RSK6H/XCC
FD@\
PET@:DSKC'R?

 5_&EIL(\K! &.W/'L.G3./_

M];FCY/[KGKWS]._?IW_3-5YM.
O.?M('?\

M_P#KK[E]7Z_J?EJO?KT[GB/C&SAEU-=*$&?LMH3=\D\$#\?4_7H:_)S]JGX5


M^









MKN32NG+H]=OO/;S+$X;/81AAN:


MNLV36%S]G(&-+T8







2]WVDN5:6LYRM9=K6V1_//XX\+^)]


QC/E;-AR%Q6!I


73)XRO8XKQ#R?.E''_ 'SG'T''@C_P!:_*\;=8VS3^*:


DB#[QSSZ'G/?J!G\/S++R^Y'4FVD]5=)VOW

MAY!]L\'C\NOTJM'930S P=3Q^'?.!]3SQC%=#+#.0//@^4C*^F#C'3KP![]/








MU/H^L6M[& 24BD#(/RC\3Q:7!XHT2VETU3IVBVWA[0[RXLB;X:W:*L%Y]KCB
M!_=BWFO)OE'. $/2O7+OX;A_#R7NI6JW_B2[\52B:]C41W\FFZW;2VNCPQH




'$7C+Q1+\0






M23W.:_4/P7I'@+XM?#ZRT/4[37]'UVR@TZ_UEAJVIZ!J+7FY=C1:429)(GQF

MCE&

-]U)]1T'4XX=<U2P




8W[KNOOOMKM9=/\ (_+[


XYP?CO5_P#@F+\/5\00/H_B/4-+L-.N



M*GEG&PQR!TP1E=N


M\!?7 89QU Z@5^R'[-7[.WP#U2.;P-\0)]&\0?$N?P])K
^A6.IE-5CTK54\


MQ!PGC

M@'D?3&1VR17[G?$SPW-XF^&_B?P;+%+J


_K6%^I7W=U


+KP!XA^/




M=N$6U;6[C%OIW;_R/BY$DM'AGMGGLY(9#/:7EM@LLS-OYSZ$D 8(Z@5T$'C/
I_&+]G#X^?
ML[ZFFF?''X0^/?AA.X!MKCQ9H.I1Z-=2M@F/2_$T


;LD;FNU7#




M*B1(X_DC):6\T)7YAG(N 'XY(90\JAQT94DE ;($D@PY%BOK5TNB\NZ7Z:



MW;?\SJ692PR33EZIR6EO*_ST/[A?V7_^#L']GOQ5'H^B_M9?!+QO\'M:E)34



MJ.C^)_*M!]FO9M)U+1G66&(\R7HE5FB?=T*DUYV)RNUTNFG?:]G_ $_0]C#9


M)::AB.*


GS[J\IX/%)OW=+
M]5TOOLCU%F6$EJWJU=Z)ZO?8_JG^F/S_ /K?3_/4Y]OS^OM]/U].?QD\/_\


8/F
!

?*V[

M[X*ZKX2TN2\NVL[@X&FWT5W(DJ%9=S!B3^:O[3?_  5+_:Q_:
E.BV7C^Z^#

M*
DI*4G&35U=+EB^S2:;5O5'Q^9^(&09;.6&J2FY\THNT'%:-IM-I7U6EO4_
MM_#
8%(!&X$5^R/P2_P"
M[WPLUP6.D?&_P)K/@^[F8+-XD\,,=0T2)68,9[C3K^6#4;91ER8H+N\G1<)]
MA5EV';,N\ZP2YO9JHDM?9V<MKMN$I:V\I7UV.;*_$;A_
7*&)YLJ46XJI5V







Y_AU^S_X


' 5



MG]G/6=








MP+\/_$6I?#O6[%?'Z6B:CH.EWVEG4--:8QAP
 $E=Y')(_P\+


M%/%_B5_%7A.\\5ZSJ?B&S\#:OKYOE\



MFX@T;4]OA^6W:%%NI9]);_6R-

+Q/9Z29=8T=W@^VGPK<:MR8O#MZ\/[Y<@*KD#! K(M?^;H^*MWJOQ

6T-D

M97M-1BTY[?3=\D
MM(N$U/2I(T1KNT3_ %9+1IPH%?C1^T7I'BW0?B[XEE\;
MQ6CMX@O&U+2KZ*X

(?F%?J;\8K[QSXG-WXH




M^FX?%QF^;!M7E[U]'\6KU6F[?7KT/W\_X-WOA=J'Q3_;+^*OQ\\10?:I_A=X
M$\2^*O-./-B\;_%_5I(;?Y!CYH[(W$QV*-I?@*
*/T1_;-A7]JK_ (+D_L6_
MLQ[6U'P5^S!X.3XL^-M-BYT^;4M*BD\7ZE!.

MQ)^)7PH\00^)_A/\1_&_PTUR(JR:GX





MV]G:Z]X9VRVINE=
A5(_/X?LR?\ !-WQI_P4\_8X^#/[$_ANT?6OA/XU^(7Q





GA+X4_L7^$-.U'0]


BT+7Y#K'QF^

M)X^QXDD\/Z/$H3Q FCYMD-U

MFDTTO*_:Q^//PS_X)D_MZ?&SP*?B5\

MUX)\7^'-431=9\
:U8#3=:T74S#]IC-[HJA5BM;VS&Y;_:!
KB8*H8+7^F!^




R
MH=RL1\I*MU*L 64XY!!QSFNV]NOX_P#!/

M/%::U=Z@)]:\

M_O\ PUOGN=)\.BUMO[%N1J#Z3IM]JUCI6JZCI
Y(^P6\VE:.]]?6X&8#KS1@

M ^''AF:>Y+;VO_%?B258[R'?_$=-$

\HPZ
#D


1R.[!XY7DF?)#

M/#\WM'&+E=R^)QBWOTNWMVT/P_BO

5B


M




MI UY.;M@^G-;

7@7XIK

/_  3&

M8X(Y]

MI:M66FJ=M+
^QSK@3*


M_P#K]O7I[TC*Q/MVZ=^OZ_C5XOC7

7=)QATNN9R7WI1NN]FKK9G-E_AWDV#

2WG_/Y#XATQ3QT&P:


+C1_%F@W5]@[7E32](T#
M6$C7_8N7P






EE.
9XP*_F2E^$_PE\4SZKX5L+6[TK6


.&1L@CHI!Z&OG<WX:
MPV%P:6%RIN:2YGKK-)*3OYRNS[/ASBZ.



.
ZC&?\ 4)D@* 
8


\6\2XW






M&M'9WZVU6O:^OEYGW9\3?A+X
^*EC8^&/$6FK83ZC;-?Z5KVD6Q?4].UB ?/
M)8


M2PN[(C@7T



M
^
_#KB.PMG9AN5?$^CR_9CA@

EGJ5C
=T5

= ^)L%D=





!

HDO2DF6W
M5_/1V)Z@\$]0=W8]CGT[U


5B*
M==W7LH0@UJM81C';;[+??J?M)^VM\5OC+^UY_P %@?!W_!-KX??&GQGX)_9[







MQA+1!]


M*+2'2]1T/54#N7U:TM4CM+VTN[=&.EW%FJVLT)CD@ A* ?N=_P $DO\ @II^

MX6MQYOP_/AEX;?4('TS%O=I O]I_








MMG)J+L^K=KV3\[]#YS-J^58++


_!/4]ZX

_Q/O;V2R30=7CEM+V:\TN*/
FHW.EVJ


_H/PURG!K(W6I*HG4JM
M5')RLY)N3Y4VM$Y.[[^5BY1117Q)^FA1110 4444 %%%% !1110TGND_5)_F

M&A.
9?%&
O6

'Q
M]C](X[+J59+XI64)2[RLG..NKM9+5+N?)9EX98)Q_P$7,IY++NES)M^;:EV
MZ/3NS_,8U_\ 9HLV5[O0K[5]/G2ZC6T[?;T=5Z%5'2-NJ@Y.W&037B]W\&O

 YW\.N)&;)SIMN#I+YSDEX<D]2.<?FA\6_^%&H

^ARD@;B6/)^@PW$W#^



.H_$[4-6TOX7ZI



@OJ=G#2S2326FJTLGRM6OKLS[W$8# XY

M4HK




M*3X-^$/%'BR2'X=^





3:RMW7Y?U_PYX$=4C8DV[!F8
M[MP


U_PWJA'A[PG\4+'XS0^

M]E;6?B-KWPR\_3Q

MI?9KL^(]





MPD\C*[X!:N=_X)-_\%-+W_@H#_P5N\=ZMXQTF/P+X7O/V;=3\&_LY^!M0U&%
MM2AT;P[XJM/$&NVDEPDL\







'A






MM-_

!8XM
M2!MTC!&%2



-BHJ.)IPFNTHQ?KO%^E]/5'XY?M _\$/?





RE&*E7C=5.Y2
MK8&-P..
?[C^U64H^QT88977*L#C(967!![@U\5?'W_@GI^Q/^U##=GX[_


MH2#CGG/4X_&CR+Z+E8




MS) VT









M

HXX_


M\N1OLLD=S%;+=K
;
)YC $ZD^.;












M8O*I3A!13DE+5))*3:3LG:[NXWON?T)^&M'L_#_AW0=!T^2XFL=$T?3=)LIK

(JT8148KM&*48KY))?(****

#T

M3LD)_=QR.BAS_IN@Y /M2UTK







MQ78^
=%M]




M_9'^

/$U



:;AAMHW

MM7?J%%%% PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ P/048'H/\ .?\ $_F:** BBB@ I,#T'Y4M% !@#H,4444
M ?*7[0_[%_[+'[5.AW/A_P/OP)^'/Q*M9[:XMHK_7O#5C)KU@;I64RZ/K]M


MI20?%GX?K

W)0^
I-
7[MOIL

A\][ADLBES-&^TJLTA5F

MGB1]*UA8I0[-;/./L=[&5#/;-*G &X]5#%MXFF\4TXNUVKO1*WEM=/3ILCSL

M+*.Q(.?O?\ 9'^&_PS[\2WFTGX@7&N7WBZV?SUT&?6H].T/6;
_-%)HK:=
MBX6:U0C^T/

OV[2
M$&@6^MZ:[S0Z?KNC:E'B.^L=1C1;NUL8^(H94B.*^0//[+-VGBFV/P^^(D


M;VZ[=3]3_WPS^#_ ()M;K2O!^B67ARVOC9#HUY)#/

M3YYF)D?YF-=LWA;1YXV
5UO0\I;ZJXF652


-UY(&ZTN


]CIZE-RLL?R



MX+B4B2X\Z03
X!9%QE_N$D
@P2N5&/; .!DC/3Z^_M_/&=8IXO'U91QLJL76


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

%[4^%=:0RL7DF6?1EMX9IW=F9Y+F9W9BSLS$D_DM\9?\
M@W)^&VKF[U+X$?'/Q5X'OP97T_0O&=K'XCT)2S


:E8P;9=VT





M\8_%W3;]$7Y5$E@?@]XA15@82/5SMZ!S]ZOVY_X)/\ [%'[4O[$/@;XB?S


 'defref_ngtf_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_GainLossOnDerivativeInstrumentsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodLoanAgreementValues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesLoanAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodLoanAgreementValues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesLoanAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountAndDeferredFinancingFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_IssuanceOfStockForLoanAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfAdvanceToAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeGainOnEmbeddedDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch:

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space:

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; orphans: 2; widows: 2; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial;
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_GoingConcernAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_GoingConcernTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding-top:
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_NotesPayableTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color:

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
 serif;
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_BeneficialConversionFeaturePolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_OriginalIssueDiscountPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_ValuationOfDerivativeInstrumentsPolicyTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesReportingOfDerivativeActivity'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_ScheduleOfConvertibleNotesPayable'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=width: 1505px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_AccountsReceivableTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_CustomerConcentrationsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetailRelatedInventoryPackagingAndOtherSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_UnamortizedAmortizationOfDebtDiscountAndBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_NotesPayableTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPaymentTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_DerivativeLiabilityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_ShortAndLongTermBorrowingsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SmallBusinessWorkingCapitalLoanGuaranteePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SmallBusinessWorkingCapitalLoanTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SmallBusinessWorkingCapitalLoanInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockholdersDeficitTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockIssuedDuringPeriodShareIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SharesIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockholdersDeficitTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_StockholdersDeficitTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_WarrantsToPurchaseShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentWarrantsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_NumberOfShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_ConsultingAgreementDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOfficersOrStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_ConsultingFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ngtf_ShareholdersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_RelatedPartyTransactionsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromOfficersOrStockholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_IncomeTaxTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_OperatingLossCarryForwardsExpirationPeriodDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLimitationsOnUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockAndWarrantsIssuedDuringPeriodValuePreferredStockAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ngtf_JsjInvestmentsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleCarryingAmountOfTheEquityComponent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ngtf_EagleEquitiesLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleCarryingAmountOfTheEquityComponent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ngtf_AjoCapitalIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=ngtf_EmaFinancialLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=ngtf_ForbearanceAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=ngtf_SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=ngtf_SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=ngtf_ConsultingAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=ngtf_EquityPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ngtf_SubsequentEventTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedPerTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+




!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS


[7K
3;]YS\2I+QI3WUM2MW/JE4MUS$
ASR1HJGWC'6OWF



M/]KD=3(G*MF!US^KBRJW?NI[%W:E]UJ]\/X3&Q.*?6_
_@M[L%K#S4ZTQIG7
MTOYZY[M4O!FCZ*TT]&UX5JU]]L.;B(PTF(!' IX(./DO@8P$
A%09)
?=F93

7ZNCIBC0





R5(%P*RIP(Y'KN7Q


MK?1.7.E[V-Z65\X5TQL*G_162MU 39.:7949;O18#%W$
%&\&SND8&K3BC]0
M2P

Y7V_FG

J:=*$4(UHQW(HA5BX2.YM$IW1%N0:T364C5C1BN1%+
MC%@V26;3F*BV7 4(B8IE


4LC\!(=62&9F=P.%I*+- H*?**



DN1
ML]12EB*GY!N3@*(G@*TDA




M&B(VK(-6K5P8;XA40WY%HN- 2F-J*




MD&B]$3S7T(M9W]&5G!A[T8

IC%]C3'=*J8WS



)K^
M!?(_4$L#!!0    (  9Y0TMEFW3O5@


X$/T5Q/LT+E^P:261NEFM=J09J36KW7VF$R=!



M=$W4VN

;K;7J2ZCF
#N!S




$$24=(
XF 5 8KE1

M6JYDH)T*!%:E0E4KQ]6A$' UYP:-L#['LZ]+T9LZRC%(.0#49IQM:V(&U\
MH# ;';)16+42(G3KG



J9UWHN\;-;N




MV1\OPS\Z'

M


TKEPDRT7V]FIJ'R
N R3H(64/N5
ZG(09
M^%8##1VMJ,H((@\B7BQ02%T(^E6&#GL^Q\PBX6*.T!HE':D5XJHV(#*1H(


M&R6B45 K/41





Y2B*=I*I:J96.MFK[F9
X%RV7%
C)]M_77#8+GO'V2P#G
M]?@=8S\V7C_JYDM[


4?23KXY\I:/ALLZ\X


E) *@RG[W\R'*:R\

M]PIR2'YT-J3Z4][EVW53/X)F?%NWO!\4\)L9Q[ZPJ'OAO]LMJTM_=AC.OH



X=E)J1PF1.+(]#24]KUJS5C1CQ7F'.TVL
M2!FC.VII))^3C'62
4ZTXR0C3E1


M+7'?E1[H X\2D$S\]2S3 '/0& @&1F4
![4 R$*D,+7M\/8T\9$A(;A3

#I



M7DQ^?#X4YM3UMZF];\:3F_&AJV_3J53T/!K;_@=02P
$%     @ !GE#2\)%
MI@JS 0  T@

M_2N('U!RY-I5IR12K]/42IMTZK3U

EYG3KJD#

M\'7



_2N('U#N



?IYI#-L&U 
@.2!7 ;\[ I453^



2VDH466?&=;9-A[

M3A^VQ]

43
5_@BNH$!Z5
MA!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0MWL9=FK0/XPV_G6#K #X!^ PXI#QL3)24/PDOBLSB

72/1%'
:8_@R9HY@@7U.P==2

F



YX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'Q#H6VZ J1LHJB5




[-PJ\4S;UQ?XFN

6@L;

'DGXLDFYY*








MH)2POXX@S9C3/7UW/'=-ZX.#%5DO&O@&_GM_LFBQA:7J%&C7&4TLU#F]VQ^.

P/7Y


DK[S+P-[Q
M^9_PJ=I_RILTVE'SL;CR\;^U\9X0F[*QRA%C_88DBH?3A^PK.=QFPRO.GG

16'4AF
MKW0/RM\TVDCFO&E:8GL#K(XD*0C=[:Z)9%SA
H^^DRES/3C!%9P
LH.4S+P?
K/QEOD46EYA*4Y5HA TV!;Y/#

N]ES+=Y^02=&;(<8+0%219$
2++Q'H5H0C_4*GV_1T
\$T

M='

RYX;6Q]4V%OVR 0_2N('U 2QUNRR+;4=)HZ:9.B3FL_$_ML

MT/ZF1J.X\Z9IF.T



M_\Y-([0E%W3^96/_:T0'7LKFQH]0ZS_8;$BH73CN_=F





MVI(S.O^RL?\5H@
O);GR(]3X#S8;$BH7CI_\V8QC-AH.N^D'L?D;YV]02P
$

M


M& ]U07=!$$BH?&#@N%WA'J0



MHH@@)1E?K?9

;T5*
M5T$02
I Q$*.-EY*13R@<G]_9O\;:L9:+<'!OY.^F\'5*#Y04

+2E'B==@;'?=^N-GM
M1]@R@(\ /@$.
0\;$D7E7X0766)-3^S0^U:$)UX?.?8F#\[8BGB'XAUZK]EZ


/8M
WSMX 4$L#!!0    (



MCB0E69HD!Z:XT+3

0B47Q)=@?*D+FH2$



/8LLW+O\ 4$L#!!0    (  9Y
IZJ35NG4:=MG+G$25(@S()?VWP](FF5;M^

MI0L

#)1748E#N



S@2


M$

'R3W^'3M#\)T\C.D@LZ_[*Q_S6B R]E
M=^-'J/4?;#$4UX</_JSF<9L

$%     @ !GE#2RIO
M- ZT 0  T@

43,5_@BNH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0MWL9=FK0/XPWG$VP=P< GP'W
M*0\;$R7E3\*+(K
X$#OVOA/QB;=''GI31F=J1;H+XEWP7HOMX39CUT@TQ9S&
M&+Z
F2-88)]3\+44)_X/G*_#=ZL*=PF^^T/A89U@OTJP3P3[_Y:X%G/W5Q*V




YX;6Q]4V&/U 0_2N$
M'W!TN_5VW;1-;L\83339G%$_L^VT)0=



-?SAI*Y
M^$]P ^G#@Q*?HT)IXTJJP3I4
XN7HOC+M L=]W&ZR0XS;!N0SH!T 1QC'C8E

KXIT7;[WW5N[NCSF[!:(YYCS%I.N8
M)8)Y]B5%NI7BG/X#3[?A^TV%^PC?_Z'P[39!MDF018+LOR5NQ!R2OY*P54\5
MF#9.DR45#CI.\LJ[#.Q#&M_D=_@T[9^Y:86VY(K.OVSL?X/HP$M)[OP(=?Z#

MZURTLBUE4T6MU$JK5&V?67M\4;BX@-?IWW? CN.D[@LPPYPS9X8A&XU]=BV



4@_9

MX0(2PX



M[$L*OI7BR/^!\VWX?E/A/L+W[Q3^AR#=)$@C0?J.8/^AQ*V8]$
2MNJI MO$

60
M4/MPO


$%     @ !GE#2R!+=?:U 0  T@

+?V X
WM36:1'0= WSG0-1)9!6C&\V=TP+:6B1)=_9



MXP'/;ARST0BVFWX0F[]Q\0M02P
$%     @ !GE#2T2-RR-@ @  HP@  !D

I[KZM&


AR*6MH
M9






-PL$@' T2

;I*4/ S1@#GV





M_I=D?P%02P
$%     @ !GE#2^#%NF.U 0  T@
)%^8$IVF119])UMD9ORTWRQ U*?M^!&G&


MU]'3ZVV!=%

MBS]02P

M+W-H965T






+Y4.4U0BA=(%!^.T*#R!E(/)I_)XYZ2(9@.OS*_NG6+NOY2(L/*#\

M965T



0B47


XE-1XG7:









MZT+=$--K8%4HDH+0S69/).
=+K*0.^DB4X






RRJ[3
4C


$%     @ !GE#2PFED3^U 0  T@




M971S+W-H965T

5NN<@=\%4M 4T4.R.V0.[P%/


Q;_40-+7
E

M965T



L/TK^:X0=



ZC#N+$^TV(9L(V4Q(%_\EY!


K&5P0.8W7MA)W--MSUG]SNA79D9SS^
MICC
#YL?<?4/4$L#!!0    (

R+GAM


A:;LI&RJ*I42:96J[;,7!K#B['-DOY];4
H37BQ

Y9\Z
Q\6DS;/M 1QZE4+9$O?.#0=;-V#9/9*#Z#\3:N-9,Z;IB-V,,:

M0$#M @/SVP7N0(A Y&6\+)QX31F V_



RYX;6R%
M5%&.FS 4O KB &N




M)]HV(9P(X4S T3\)9*0%0&-SES4CTRS+)%B\.3XL7IFSP0^$/,R]MT[\ZM
MF;3*=&]92$B;E9HPAQ'3+C$W/R1P3!

M41W,:)5C!$3.TSG,/M=O(M741Y1&!.*=]MNHDTWT88;NG(S8NC2#=X_K\S\
M!W1GA6Y:H1M65I&/]'R

O.!9:]-/M@N8K+OL+4$L#!!0    (

T+GAM
M;(U4VXZ;


&
Z<X!J-XL:_H^9BK!*SEH1[#6T@_3M%&;R

M971S+W-H965T




P2&1N_9\Y@D;2)Z_DK^R=7

(H-+]MG613)]G0(3<Z'I.L

I^ M02P,$%     @ !GE#2Q<D.OJQ @  DPH  !D   !X;]W;W)K


MQB5B+Z3&E?AR)+1$7%3IR6


R@[<B0?A'S*RO8P<7T9$[PGDL')%Y7/
=%(8U$&'^U
MI]MV*86/Y;O[2HU=C.4#
3PGQ9_\P
\3=^ Z!WQ$EX*_D=L&Z_$DKJ
'_P-?
\BT(+

7VLE'-,/5-S DF6J_3,(['WE4::6;6,&&'
M25K&$_YM)R'4R2P$#-)N)W.(R;K, F(&768),<,NLP*8Q.\R:X@)NLP&8+K$
MMD]$ 9RY/P]D=)'G2AV &#6)E$'<


7
M 93?\UI:];BR\EKWJ2CLQ;7I4T$2^*&!;?OIBB

%8

$%     @ !GE#




M9&;NQ(N
VTLC]00NLH%<X!?(I^'$U0C/
Y<C70$AE+H4<T-


M?-.%)LW!:L*EYJWBN%5$P2S!FF)T4H?%'W^0O%






M5);$* Y]/\&
M!TJ
KMV$D7&KXJV'9R$)Z^

MUI







M?I/$25 !
^

VD:P?*^#JC+ 89@$55[4_FJAYY[%:L'/
MLBQJ]BR\]EQ5N?B[9B6_+GWDOT^\%


MF8)BWS/5?V




EDRTF6QC.*0+]Z0MA=9&I?/0


ME59M;YLP$/XKB!]0L#%O51*I331MTB95G=9]=A

M M@\]]QSMN]\BROO7L21

M.T3BU#&Z


M*IAG*MB:US^KG3PNPR(
=FQ/S[5\Y-?/S :4AH&-_BN[L%K!M1+E8\MK89[!


M)9C$L)H

@&*X L3_?N313!%!@ JO0B!O=]V-M9#ISL[M

M




-K+W&N5&O88R[(%1N0='Z#7

M%6V%D9=I['H[CM-.'


TWU7$P=:5HH/LS-%B\=O_@'4$L#!!0

M+GAM;(64W8Z;



MV*L.OE69O]% 0*&4VH&HX0H%4*J-%
:?R=.?M]2%M_-W]R^F=]7+B0@H&/W=

M-+^X^3]02P




M#



N5+^(\3/



MJ6S0;87[9LPK$[V6;[/T=42S9CCA,$K3+P@D&%?)+!/XH@_I.,T\A,D7H^)
M(TC^\?C)3Y!Z5)'D*X)DFA3Y(3)'(9/+K
L

M)/
0)!N1[$

MT1^P.\M_X5.7^$9DVW








M)[)&20G7OTYYX8*VHXJTTN(7LS:=7H=1_T:S$]!(0!
A2-XEA,A?5$NGGC

OJ\?JFP@VH3S

S&#3#


PK$PC:CZ/8F_X/BC]02P
$%     @

Z\Z;A[]E).Q\5'G6UW^J4<51]YGI;_


MGSL
E!Q&U1QGW7@RHLNIH:Z@RT!!8?V*TJMO3T846Z6+H9X!58+URX10$? !


D0\ );\!2@Z@Y 24[MJ[Y'THVW*%0@$F



M272R)5:TR$'HF12!TY0$_$BGPCLS27@1][ CP3\2(*??H,I$:AO$M C7HB



<<;J0JB

=.8F=?5\49
E<E!\L/-9;+W?/_/7[7?_/DK?(E?
MG$R3-U79+AMX:Z[FW9^_WY2CY'<)M/QY+3[XXU:CY+I6?S';2OZW^=W35MG


M5:GFR:NFV:@Z@'/5
&RP0P!VE5E4Q7Y'%8X3UYF15;.%+P&Q*3IIPSNU3_I
M0^2L:60KX.?LV897+#9#E?D]1JIO*'[*Y0R5ZIVJ1:) AZI%6!7\\'Q/-



E-F:T0]?X+!KU3I5KDLQQW34
U2(P7
MC^[JX


M;--D

MMC)LG=\\2X_'D_0%O#G\^


4!P*[S
M$@;!2_:^:O(M\DZ$
*8.1021*9E7F[MVL0$J)


M-=_

M3
I@D_KR+#3A]@R@KTS5R\IHD$8= W+DH-^R\9 :[GHM-0 [3_/=#^ YCR

M\2[O90T)-GA4(/*7279?*SJ]7_3REA7

OKFY76/^]TTC<FE;H411

M10L

J;G(\ V2[$CQP*M/TM/ FM
MTR
*H(8ZJ+TU ]K;!P5Z+DEZ@

M1?3;S6J%9C:8\&U5'M $:)=I6BT57QMH.B;@8.Y+CT[



[\S__



1W(<G39D!@Q!M#E:^5K-\
M@6I]\83\3
Y8)LY



 (K%:\T5MER#F9HN%
MFK4$NIJ\&#C)BB4:M-Y'92!]^V8@=N)E)/E!K*1M[SL\\K,^KB@
#W^I93

ZFH(NR*7#ML.U:RS-5XX!IY)PA

M/J@F2TH);G#H$.3=(J3HB2!5A!8OA$=Z,.5%1WB!*6 XX*[BR,W+&W$Q Y[
M"BPK]'RJ8&IJ+&O@3'B)2HS@%MX8D'^%1M$+V! FSXA FYJSH'&0A.9H7L


MW=PQ?C7^ AW(

M.:_PVKO6:K1N6XB[O\SH%UR_4
\Y;$F59B5
Q&HED!
.V6\(-V9@03V\3;0+

M
M6 6))J




V,I;-0FB%4SH409



^PT)I*LP






EEE$#;DKD/#9
.J35;0?N.R:T=;GA
-7V8/


.X\-!B N5:2'




MQ


A
-$'-M\(E39RT


C(UFMMAM6._U#P$B)A:(2K


^BLJ2;^U#1
2:-$W+EJBY=41HE=))-J&[XVS'$#KA%R8R
M=I1\5SVR.8;G*S95NR7[G[H1MU7[
!D'


B/T#-
MDHAU/J

MKL3A#P1
^SJ\F%-BM

.'9T3#L?







[.HN#_
MHM4):V3
_L[]/!PBS\SW_E.R=[.L 8;+$:VZI


CH]7CMEA
MA ?Q)JMA:DD/BA_#Z3%AYC_K&)#W[$WVF3M%#V$R_;Q3./Z//@4#+7+ZW8DF
MGL]34' Y+(W8#T $5!XRS)GP(.

MU -A!A4EFV57D*&XTIK:UB!MM1L#9OH3POE$(BNQ]/$DSF!'=J(SIZZ)XG\
M4N32-+CO'RVDVDQ7!/!D\-W!^JT/3\Z JR=^M8SLHB++SRR-?(7](2'E#I_



.YX5XB1$4
#MIA0V6%;HN2GJB:WI=1C@TUD0KTS2A
Y !8(MY?-JB^S
M\B.?#]5.RJF(72-Y!=]N
HR+4S:V/F!8RUPMDJM/:K:ATWJW $J';D*^1IC\





G38404A! J
BS=1HK?(#:GF?X*AJ7X@

T590@?(WN0
MDZF X]WKZ@&R=90)!3!

MBYM=Y)1:VW]P\\IF
P'.'2@LR/. 65)PYTGS15HP Q@I372L3*Z3/-JR@^









1O7IJ0U=&H-]R.ESTQ8[M0:L2%S9:YMPLB@!PCO43SS=8
M;

M
_. 3HI4JK(Z&ZELTPFE;2%=82W51


M[(U[?CJE!PD#Y#

MF'FHJ*\42.&W]PZ/1N-D_TO[X;TIP.366CH9O4B^3&!C9_#/CY%R5M/3T01^


M12F*]M 9H

CZ8'B?ONP45LV1F=4^=FV0J


M$ONI*6LJX?-LRC
WQ;OS9CLVH4D[S'W@K)@'N^JZE!XT]SE&80V!)6(#J_[A
MQB_O:7WDVC


M^B5?@W*9\5XA;DX[=IQXDG8AIFZ

%RO7



(2
M'QN7W^&P/TR+R\WG6ZR?$HV?Y6KQ$VFU=4

W*JQ?R.?M'M/!3T;4VNWM_H&$0J(UCI^C_$3&RM


ME[EXG3L[IYKSQD1;$Y5YDJUP=P M@%.$('^5:C\#)WYKUP?%P6 ;*!
KK#ZI



4^]L39Z@


X@N+P+9)%GA





[(_P

M9/VFN$?E(/9DVG4A?^:&^Q' _;M/#AZTSM$+#A'E*[(6$JAK#M32;4&G#
M]928X0:.NK6^WHS6X)SZ9)=#CX!@:NY YL8)Z @!U\\@T4?Q5:ZX'B&147Q7



C8#MCXQV27S'82&J
F]

+GV_9
G0<OH_B:[FLBB%?%5/_B;

L
3@2E0Q[]C9IC+7*E+4KG
U<\K= 



H[%-JJY#I! GP8F3.Q2^WCO^M7UNWU; CEU@H<


MI\_]G-O1VE[P4I?
^)U0A'8&D

2%92I,Q*.F3SRID,EBOQ.T-ORM1L&_TYYI5K6EFP;G&?JMRR3IM
MO6#7=4_B@G*RG4M?B=S*-YSOG8D(X)6V

MFLZ

T808LZRXN(9;
M
LYX%G5?@ 7UNK(;5*9LAL!V5/5^4'= ]V2*&3S=(C3N*D=&T226]PNJ]'


+BQ%*NQ6^N.  E#0];1M69FZN^4G#*R#
M

4X%0IUQ5VVOJZWIK'/)^
CZ.02+E*X%%\#99@]BA


ML&VA* S!D!:[&.BW$GT,7W#^U^0HLY2.FW5^MT'W;P\5FPO
YAN@NN
BIL


MMQN1^
];@PQH5FBZ@8^^;P 3E@#B2OPEDMI!%@[FLY1LTU#
.GR@6ENL2.!B
M_;'61383LN*OMBH+
47.S,^P;G3?BK(FI!H8
MN,$ HX=9EV;/02EI:73E=3-(OP-D-SA.([AXQSFDZ&ZY?I<:%S5#U#]9UL]



8B.9L<:YI^Z5009W?Z'/OH:6KNF^6W=24'
MO4OW


M)[J!N2092SE!']LR:7U@6+0!K/L
M&
7].ID+4W%^M^&W3M4/J*4Q0.%Z

/ *\-.7K





MX74%V0TA?IM-3 :J(.XB# [?TOIP]!)]7.@]Q]5_' (?I$2=Y]+7O[SQK^

MHY.#08*HMN !7?[)UH[:97'1UV05X4[(\6FN6+&^U




M]\;I
#/T_$G/F$

K^;*6L_Y9.+
EO

ME
R2XR^#(:)6RD $';T(V0;:

-O(S:Z[B-HX0Q?1(-G^.W.]L_NBU%Y)@+3






M)&0S71@F4E+2V4RGZO+GG*U?\'='( A5: =:TGIQKO_-*U=_$0#ZB]^K5:M?

?Q8K




M


\-;^5O
OFN'=I_8-X44DW

MJT?I



8C\VW?2Z]K.3F_;ZVP#BM8U99J*





 )@A@

M '*$0(Z^K))C;D/(0P3RD!9R(FQNY

BO1;(LCN1
M_G(MQ=_B^@AEM%#XC]%8YVNA6D+IIQINX1XJ$*('3)5C]!!&RDZ2)@T8F)K
MW+K2EZLQQ@OX6O*EK*3; \2$$1,;XT8[-\9?]E_SC!!Q
2&F @##[Z?
_TK




=)%![ MTTI2D(29FC838&H%I

9

K2


O=V]R:V)O;VLN

MMM^LJ^:0I_:UV;@Z7^[R37 Z'(Y=TYV1O;YT9PX6JWG6+%:2#3[S9A/2/'/'


ML.9K+8!KX7LM &SABRV ;.&;+0!MX:LM@&WANRT ;N'++8!NX=LM &_AZZU



M)E1R;6OEPZE=
*/2I5H0$Z/1F*6Z\=3XH6][1+/)
^5J5?G!T^YZVWH:*6.J
M
E6^U U;-]E1T^&^86RIZM:XHC3N)BR(!B^;T
6%:]
H5%W$3IAP?&-['NY[



55C@(K1Y%5
MH
@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT21

MYK/NS\79-U!+ 0(4 Q0    (  9Y0TL?(\\#P    !




M971S+W-H965T


M%     @ !GE#2]/';FGI P  I!$  !@              ( !4!4  'AL+W=O



!  #2 P  &               @ '2'0
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ !GE#2ZCAU&6T
M 0  T@







M 0  T@






M4$L! A0#%     @ !GE#2S.J\!2V 0  T@
  !D              ( !L#@





(   9

C

M!GE#2^#%NF.U 0  T@

M='




MT@



AZ\(!   W!   &0              @ '5


M965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4


T



O


W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0

#\@$  '
%   9                =I;  !X;]W;W)K










BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      &



M%     @ !GE#2P=!R_PJ @  &P8  !D              ( !!VT  'AL+W=O




M  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  9Y0TMJY^;10(
M . *   -                9JM  !X;]S='EL97


&UL4$L%!@     W #< \PX  .6W      $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-17-010242-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    (  9Y0TM?2;SU]WH  .KN!0 1    ;F=T9BTR
#$W
#8S
WB6?=\3!R


PX\Q(?KVW4[F-Z&KTV8$J\
MZ+G^U]R+.&@]&_A24 #_CR$Y:K'\5?'35_0'^Z]$#^FCRX

MZ-?TT
(N7#^*F6_G8'%7P#[_O!L%G5:SO^H-\81Z





BD%%=*94_Q8Y3UXHMOHZ\&/^+;9NN!TC=\SQ.EO^Z#H_
M/I$/?KF*OGP8?6EUOOP6W'V!
1N?&XTOXG^?/Q1^_R0;$/BS&\^ROUT'OP%N









NIK-$\4
M2XO4U][(=+N V HD[VR)3)D=

M;B62-^]G6F;O. VL]C9UQ_3WX[U[&*O&BKPWG]W9$HDQ.QOBV9IXC)W:D
L&


]C)F+Z$8NM9AZ]F!6Z6]A5NE74MOD7!D#:&Y)Z+.AQPUC
(QA





MP9%*WWK$8W
$_$^'NR_?TC'ZQ&_=*
:LO]_8A%N2]#]A9^SM*]C]YMZ.X^L@


F!=Q



UZ+Y*H/28S**++E%;!NI(AGL$HE3P/WW6_73_[5;K0O+T%9

O*6:@6S227XGU7J
+


X.?]X):N-8U--K0Y]\)KAV1

 _N6\#!@]QJ]H-



M5+752]/

M]FE';/7T*-&-X*MV83ON4J.$16E

E<-G5[






[ORG\MFM]/L'P2P(R+F





?6&C!K!0/N7!1

MEYIS^








M.^&1Y?-[VY,S/]?-8N^J5D1+&OT@W7O.O$8WNGV^M-O/U@(U$6,N((!GAI

MI3[]8 7A= Q3O;1:!$AP+S[B

M #4;\&7_F%7%4C71)00 TD@OU4O+!0IQ\?WYWP&\(





]PU


I\:
MM'VPXPNKE:S5[. @[;A1%G,!AT8!#OS/-@(^=Q*7K28KYC!5I%/!%KC ^E

V+IDQ&S2?1 A#G9\<8=)#-/Z# 38- P0&ECC% 3J/F5-[-0




MV9R576

3+-/ C=*F3K1HMZB/F


M$U $L&A


MX

G[K L0((ZI\KTB(3&&83N+:@W'JB.


M9+2FTT;E:U'Z4Q:96&C&YVB;C17J3IR(U*(T 3[*_LEI)0 U P0*\0.D.4

D?F!-7-^=))/46$30



M:S
2.

MA
C&5 GH]R40SE0NI[G%K+QS$WN%BY=\)&N7LC#HUA\M1*R</4K

 I_%!9Y%2.@@TC:3^:#
M8E;D9071W(P9/.C5F09H




M^%9(V7-(7;:TF['IU)OAA[R6IPA.F(S@#[''@LQ4T/HLASYEF5
C#\7&@.2$




X(7MD#V:]9KT'

(5S 5:3H %

6S*^J&H@P\@?,T4OVC5
M\+8I&Q&D7#P4\).=50452*I*C]A H@X-DE74T&UDL=D\-R*/F ?[/'J!M2
M4+::Q_88(
^QAC/2 =6
QCAU[L8IXUP[C+WJ^^\JL%@5*3 %JHIN)UHW\3-G


MTJ4_8.M1?7'X



%UAJWPDD%&/)
M.Q;R[*5L2I48C06()W SQ/!.;Y86%9PC*2




9P)#U\7RA0]-W]!AG5%&0U$X47(#&FHQKH#@$NH!K
MX\P72L1[<^Y#O'4):JRP$44!_97*L?G/(B7FFB9*D'/Y%PJNI7@D
+G(2&N






MR5T$1- =]:

M1)A ?RT

'8C:BL5!K)0KWK0&N_



G6]CG$E_A4J!)W9HK'U&PSN@M8\MDB1H
M$*CO974DLEKKS$LC=(L&BWP&
E?5
:U;'WR
\B4_I6MC+(0;Y5W262@+.3?3






%R.YX5V'S-/LD)BUK/_
MYC^_Q8Q&H9
%8?1\/B(90U6_47MH4



M3IX^$=K 1 :MG1(!OU:K[_\7.T7+5OMDR&3/9!)L]FN=5=(P.ADQWYM\XY

MT L[$'U5IZ@?
+FCBJNJ$7W/-0E,^)J!2IJ68S^M0





M1



M[\7W'/OM/FLUGJ?C4UL0=S+ACBLJ-@
 ^'@@%Q2YP?( ^@+1L

!:;K<T.
M8_?D#V.*,0'^MU0=W'7J5G#)+9L%HIL(<*SSR8 ?:15%@NZ*SS#WVVA&-
M?R9N'&-'%]G_L89M7&+JA.A&LOD
R$MJR0V+A+T @@)8(A@H&LUD.W& @X;$
UK,W8Q???;<(P
MC,GZ!6&49S)LLK7*UYQ+[@GL)VV(%ONYXD/7GN%CG#5/I7@?Z F-._0_E

M[*X$K)7=-@]9!1N=!EP)@%0B(8WXNP_Z((#]-PCA*_$IE=\.'\:6XT;4I)C4



MP]2KBGS/B/URBXR?'K  8'/SE):YWV]7)VBJ/4]KCZ:]_F

U$C



MM.? D*
DI-X0VGAH^[EL_$.-^SL(
?CV!KMI1?



_
MGI+^6#+Z4

MK4$=

M\-SZ&
**K$Z]T;#^87WTD@@^][O_$-D3
#6)'AC\+U#H8')O5K=^Q6PLD6W@


#0ZN&5C?!1J_6;;;W2*MEMQ);



N8A5:7;JK9+CSC8TK\IPKB.#2L1.

:E<6^V79A/41I<8?J:GN%&Q5/'@0=L*'K[5^+&

L-U1W+MX2.R(S^V21
\?Z&4@.O7+RY2L;\\?AV\F1H^6T4G

L!N9N-JC









E0)EV9A+

L8UA&3P
M.P!)T-G'
K$ZH86FR)JF5?#C?V3;GD![CRNR$=55


)Z?

2*$#%^$G8H(
M&=.4)
Y^G(%AB.!)%]7OU BGWIZ R2@G.
M\47Z&JOG(C*G26B/6<3EV1 L+4?-F9J0FTIGF_:3!8;JA*E)YSY6OU?;063

MQT$0B4
CA2G 2M)T09&0+=D8W%M3^



+ZS
U89U)PI:JHUW9VMK0Y=
MC:W+6K_5J77:+1'4
ZAU&\W:)?R9:=HN7%06C'(Y]5M:'' $75TN:+&:A@YM



2M:(J7CH/_S;%
M@G=!UFJ .@VTFECM;H0EZD23G1%@392'8S&7E?1\N(W:L%B&PW ;Z_
94X8Q
M91A3AO'P'UKG/WKUPJ#FR&]/)1DR/E#%7F/'
'=[LU9CQS!V#&/'
':
T[%C

M$OD?@WKUG7@?8VH9=J23FBOQRX?66_).8^A ^CD6N#.H)YAJ$\3)A'.*M9
M3QOT[=

?/(]1%AHZL@

UGSEJ-9T2%'DZUK1



M

=]#QU1 F_(I?5&N.YZ3.%BU^J!CZ*U:^OVYV=BE:(CPT5MHJ0




MZUAXE [1+-FJ8R3NH5S


M#'S;]5R1$B6]
%'

+GG(8=Y
MS+?K!2:[*3

B@33D-E?;\
@\1UUXR:J*MPSG7T]
M\+


M?U


4O7B3:IR_
M8^[^B 



*5;YG(6:XC5ELW:)?-70CCF$^#H?GL20F#LNBB
.HLIRE&EWX7!%/JS;B




MZ+N



D@#WPW*]( S&L&RMUI3^#O!J
MT 5R!TSZJBT%__&J 083B$')U*:ABYUGL9-2^)Q$+KQ++_*


M' V/DY!*]\



M#)0X9[?Q#PU07&\&;'!'_+DM9(58;:XK3\8@/'?BHA ?@L003 +Q-TD\-K=D

C[COF(= U
MN)M@XTYD0?#'!S+C2.W$NB*S5


M]/(H%ZDJO9^+2'S#C46F0@A(BQ!$1K3^232W4*.-4*YBVX&OFZK#B-)C0Q
MDL30OZ'_LZ#_ZU0 H*5*.1]8)(VWV--)\TH.T1:*]QEAJ8K(W^H+_SJ:5Z?




MASV(9&.M:1*3@3 +/XBY/?;=OQ)X)(D$GB7XNK0FLU\V.E8%$D..W=LQ6OSD

%]POSA\


MI!



M&9CT 9


MQT*
$'E+<:I+G? F $$J=*Y$ID8NZ#;^N+U-ZO6^_$BC'5D;/%^.L%D6Z:M@^


!E4EY
M ;]S6@9*(=LVZ]05SCYLPA ]6[F7HX#BE2:B97-^'Q&-\5)0WB
;PJOJI9

I\D/^IP#B572=H0
M*

;\8&YL-TN+6]?X4UF]0_&OL( 72H7#M;%=J?WN6\L]






1VH%35

89Y\W7V*G2=6V[]


M
6F[6

M%-?
P#%


M61 LY@R8
U#1&6@78V1ZPFJ1]QC Q@1HL! $#@D#$6N'$T_SO6(@ZG4OF7









DDXD /P;WH_@#ZUK



J\V99 F\ML:;+P;2=](=1ZN9]ERU0O&GDH)&#



MUA


M65-?#I-F@=JR
)(T:VGF(%E]'S2MNE82ZYTV#\6Z8K;1+:8A:$#*JM
B1G::
M#$&)D'6H8334YC ).PCU[Q!'4G&T'![!MM14F$7ZM_A7! MG*T+5+@0Q!X
H
MG0VD/Y; 'H


5PX2;/A'+^%8RT&!I1?:-.+.(=B3I2!&4
M(0?&RC'1)S/+D$C+A47BF$

;<A%[AXJ4(?*2K%]+P*!9?K7PL7/U*:7E@I+SA(QZ*




M*_)Q8#PWU.[O8@$L4I8&@AF^\K#*D7JPK)=.=\%_'K/0D?'#Z\;#Y8](2S
MBIG)V2X#ZS8_E62-DS2%VV-

M


M16%M0!!(S% %]&Z9TC3=83

\44Y?^IZ(6OL4EA.AE#'O8MH:8EJD
D0H_IG1(4;%[0H'QTX&+\=4@+*@X\%:W@*)<Z
M+?0S#=V)*.

'4Q
M%%D
2


Q=1B#/?GHAP)+BD__-1C
T\X8O$5ZC)K6B7H(85 @CEE'\;CUZ^(N&*)/ Z;:MX
MS2G3PD0W&/&U;3/5F521K%61K*6I-EUA5+UE[$C_K2&?*S$/[MA_O\UZO4!




M


MB8T 


MGU/3

J:RI5JHTH&D'O60
M/JITR,40!N5*R =38(5RF$F&R:5 :1JF6N5AE<P+I61. H=[-(=0M-4,RO+


MYIL'IGV5

M

M7UC

MUM-KPBMFXHZL0IJMEJUOJ-#4PLY9#4!A[=;U]NH?P SKKY5/O
X^E
M
9/^(17/U/UXME_(B'WH$3]B
N

22K/4-'







MSNH/1=#B[^I3HX\F=:\LLBEU$_L+A6WFV-*2$C93LX4E;*&.1L
CJ^*1:UY]

@WO0+*-]*S&:


%'NZYB




M8'S[LA0'9'%@X$W
X@3+J%F_UV_JUH@#!8-B$8*VLW2D]6(EE[^S28QB\2@K

O]AO8:8KM

&]QBQN:$8WQZL
MXZI


8W+DB@R (L1-G
M

MR5;&WLV-N


MN7O9K W:#Z1VE44+AG[.CG[:G4ZMV2B=?H[-DE(1]D1R@K
H]$N1^2=$1GN




(V6

X]$)EI/ 7]R[WBTVGPNPCK:REV3U_[P;RKUP_O_WK\&OH93L7

! HHQ'WS'^ )6 %\!^TO
6=1IX




)7&2]2$;PJ80A
F:L@W




QOCJOLFI
7/Z 5H7AC9^
M[]X&WF 

'!$8XD]B)X(

M

_%/NBUP6[J/
49?[_#QE
F_H(LDZ*511G!J:H1_KVK$&M9M2RB67
M*J =SYW

P!RL+/9O$[ MWYF-'A

/$3/ZDC@P\-HKDXYK/W#X







['

A!6)V$.83XG[I-#




XUM7T)1SW1'83#M]
MGT9A)S_+9.$(M6!



ML
P;%L1.H1EXT8/U
.8X7TJ

MW'@1*3%MXD9F.AG()*1EFKB(HZP1E%@TX\N 1&VC2!).;;$N0#I5
25EB4







#-+M! Y]1APX9
M#J^+&=



MP'X+@M@EN'[[Q\
\0'=$2


M?=)#0-G7'/?#6 0)_W[/D
=8DH3=4'VU$L@RO^I%Q!5K4*'WRZ56G%5**Y@I
MDPHS+QV$



P1

5U

M_?K.0]RG_=.D=C)!/L))_P!1%V&

$U*5_T%GD=+6


M&3L )L&@OS%;)BJ]@
M0$/




R*MQ7&H8T1Q:O.*
MZI+B
0WT:!-

M6HOE&1'Z::/H'4EFUC+9&+L$&-E7[K8X$5U-UV5K 1[-N# IVDO.IK=$S$^X

M?$
605H*R&U@)^P?0EN<4/R68M^0E#





U
M&&%'N

RFD-*'B; #W'/$Q3
\_S=XFW]
F9X;
D&V_LVA




M4SN6ZF)]QV.IA)V6)HHS.\



M/MUHFY2XD#(D_EEHT+^V_5]RS(ZG@EA6^_F7S!B_B= /#()-X




;M RG1F?27*?!*O/
M+9WQ9^B1 5$UW4.5M'^WV[#L4R' H/6L#;
M]SD.8% )O6%6G!!FWW_C0$^F

MYFXLV3#+S9\$\

M4


MID')O2CYZ [;)F-+3=U Z$?8&GS&PBR8\I9?A\*;84DBS,FE[,TS9GQ3?:!
MS,=$%)U6(.:
I_/
067SG_CEBL[U^^I-26:,ZZ8OY@11BH*-.=C4'R[3_
M/7
5FBFDX]_
M


M6J[WSQJ^!EDT^KH\$=2?DD^Z+30OV //G6X53 VRY1*/Q5(.0N9?+AP;(&*#

MZ


239$CZUS_)F 0;





M$]2KLPUMK_//Y]M[=P9SU
+X(E-C1
M9S,&_D6+3(7?5G;L_G+65=P_#CA-

\
9\E%43,W?0AO]T!/#D#8HH.#^?SJ+4V%C#?\/N,SG4&
MWO1+]]'#H<P#)GV=='4AET+2A1( !2UG!6I4RE]5#F'?=6DHA1V#U+P20!_
M@C 8=SHV^P'3:QWC=&H33C=D*66C[$D*JL$E068_#DFM8KN?V63WD9@!
_7&

9Z!G&U

U*
=0X7O(-GK=@I96U;Q!)25D(7JFQE
_3%'#R5#;;2E2Z
M9Z=RS64JST/%6 ^?0H8&X%4D?)F.Y JX1HDQM4@9=0:D9IV1H!E5YQLPU*



$$/WP1[HML54


MM

KUZ7 #AVHF^

MYB^Z:3 I8&P&1$7:VU@H$1UGWT

M%L[__IS*C?&_D2U&_C4FB+A25Q7?:

MM8Z


MGWA_(\:0G$C7E-T#6V(7^(@- H3G.BS+M?
&L2YIR.
F['-VX\EX0 790\RC

9[&]/&[/U+2)(5INCSLL6\;PCU$@8K#N;:

S$QFER0J/U-;8G7@)
4=TG B_##8
M7#74GZ_EL[TA8
W

MU!

^9$.M7ZM1S F6Q3K._%[AWS+9!W*KD5XY!GH/X8R=L

MI_BT\_D9D(+)G
_SYL#5F





ASG 4XSDL)=

M%=:?J^



\AK#.)TXA=B%2-K7UQ]V*IKMI(V$S+-*ECXNM6Q W(IMYKD


;
M73$4QAT?S3O+


7#6KO


M%'JG7C3OI(BUJZX




H^K'\/(@+]\Y




T

M!C D]TG

57/9I@_%GBC?1N?
O!+#))Y%&/V]WNC(
MQZ-M*2/AUQ*65XY1'$#6C%8;:HX OL?I')GY'D80IYKKL2:2-A*WK9
]3+

MHE&O1D@,'NX:,4C*N\Z1^4E46)9V=R\9^01K*G(TP'9PVOEDC$=8[2.2*#

)

_\9E
*NS7!NTW=E+DY
MNX5-9TV5
[J:./ORIRH39$GF5%-

MHWE5_-XAB/5(
=1 DR.L%PKPTM*&DT;4K'N&*]&\R:$O56S=0I37&C^5/E




$8!-2PD%PG&_(
-
ME#(&





M!=
 IBLTI#%D\$L;/DVZI)W%&.I8B K
//PS6EX I&S
G**&CWHN:6 !@ 9C



^]+Z_4/+9+6
*PA)CW6@!W+A;*]

&H6U'69_9BR9




M6Q6X?7
7=]3
)@>9/5Z>X@B2*8R\4786VDT80Y8)J3V
M1
_0I\-^:8XU*G('1^A
*HUPQ;

M'+Q@QTF=S_9F-XE=EEW


BC1#OPE:Z.39]\^.GYT@^N/O)$Q('N+'!;H.BG1%
G3\
M[0*].#[Y'IV\^/'XY

M^?.S+ZLL?I9F=\]?'!^_?%XU_$:T_/%+'NVU_ORR:GOR_+_?7=T$]V2#CZ(D
M+W 2-+T8F;Y^)S_\\
-S_E?:-(]^S'G_JS3 !9\K[;B0M 7[UU'5[(C]ZNCD
MQ='+DV=?\O ;-@=9&I./9(WXYW\L'K?D']_DT68;LV'SW]UG9-T_ACC+GK/^
MSQ-RAPL2
OH_
/HGKQC]_RA_?857)/X&L9:_?KR4POEACY;H]/R?:(X1?B!9






[H9OF
;C]L5(64
M!J364  [9)BR*1)M$6M






MVRL;)35XW:
!*[-MO!?BW19(=$2MGAXJ)Y-5-=15!DMJRZ%KG*\XXEU^=(?Q
MEK'I]\])7.35;_@MI1:_EK_^DYE=PC:FU^N+*


$
C
M ]EVWM+,O'H!^X&T5V]%[J(D86M'_=)'@CO'&.!;AX]@4

M

/1(5#3#'1 VLX^.6S5'3?H%H

KUR8*V



MNP


MN:O+Y9O+J\O;R_

M#EOV-C(KEKP-(LR.Q_ *E620E*=J8=-YW\.)0?'0683=
SF=+.:3EL_E.B

EBCH0W1&IF,]O.J#AM5K')=B3LK+%

M1D

UXY2U-Z-(6$3M[3 LRT*)JJ$%;
M5BW8CCO7=$\!RJ[ %W#F Y=PM'YZ$B,!^NHO&\0DE6!PB@O_0YVTV7X U[

M85'2@/)9-
D-
M&'#&MWCW5,?=DFSS)LVR]#-ULHP3::A(0)OU?EB=AW:LU1%E[PTZHP; (\-M
M-OXKDN<_UB=^/*E!FGAEJ:W7856W&QU'2$UX$FDN-HZ!F=$Q)!1G.*$A.-!
MZ2M( L=:X)Z.0GL9N3=RU36C3[



?



TN3I^6[./'5C7:#V^






:IP(!9(G
65-HF8_Z#


K'+/C

0YV(K(4$ [OS(=9ICA



MZ&]PS
2XHN)7+M'!2]O-

BNIUA
M%P/9AI
'1S^0C-^0=#@YDI+RX#!) 5
2HR\KVM&.XEXLCT+POHAV%M=(_3K3





TL2
M:@1C/K!-E$3, +*XHES*E/K&AC2TE;*;AOY2G&7W!2H)E,+9)C&9? XQ;\.P
MUZCO6JCQ7F?O+*$#TQM927N.GT_0/V3IFN0YUZ<7Q#S72*<?E)7L 7#(B^TF
MB+7QP [:#IM7T?O-L@8LP]FMF6\KS34$L8'C)98&^ . 7 SVP.I_PY[.GVL
MQ/V)T9@PX(VAC
W

??RD.;)ZSA^)DK
M'.J^&XV?_5ID4TE(TW\,1,*3C*+'7;8:,[#2^J:D+R@_B;+:E=*HVM*+ TU
M:#.B!=L]X10=^.:$=:DV8HJCSFE]Q7'QB0VHMR;&C#F-[(T19\XO=N4X)(E8
M)2?:W:YP=P7Z8$BEJ&RV C



MG)WZ\PT%NS#.'RWS7E[X%D-@27PD

-WB+^4 WI$K'OS_&HV=_UDX

[
M


M//N5%^$+DT6:9+ .+HOC4.$

MKB
]O






&X0B-
.:

M+/O5P&5 P

CRH=M


GMN@4E6MD19




6
MN;G_J* %[S4J@2I?!+,.B/?X2MX!2Y?2]OFO;!UG3?S&!L&3[H4D?//X:T[
MRZ0N@[4


%?[.LD8H.WR1!/;?6)5?X9EU

M-X4C.\(*&B?Q=]:BI#5I-=? 5%V\XN3C9\UH3S/F.6Z#+R5J6*62?@[SC),
M,;5N*EUGIS&.S%\(V1$%*V1H5T5LQ1!$990JZ*Q=^\1T9\%'2^B T.1=P+2






M?9NS_3K3(M )_G30&V^Z*5:+\YP4.0]?5'YUY.%K='N^-ZW[:





#)ZLZ=XSCJ_;T@+'3G[%)+/4][*'
MG8[4M+SS1

M\I5

ML\TBNM'=XMB+FQ5N
*ABAU9]EO)KXI_HI!]&D7TDO#[\!YP5CQ)=IJG?KJ %

7X$[S


/PD$09BRLL=MN8YY5!



MP=DCB\)2


M1;2*25. LRDR69;?-'4%G&C#I?9VFHAN=IM5@1HZ52E:3FF!E%5-/;@3
N8D

E\$#[I]X

@^R:%O=T'^S

9&*.M7PXX^V?AH^ZHW*VJX94H6VI
?B.(.JD

K^').\YMX500#OF+-T-E
MNREMEZZ:G3

6C^I+
MFHZ?U:^.TYR?B:VK=-L


D/L\(Q?S:9WQ-2H! 7

SQ^
MR



MPD=#IX[\M:


MLRG&5TFASVX/9Y1
5DUMG@R6;

;P2X9T80V0X; .ZS:[H98OZ_


M#[D


@(Y<#)THA*RUZW-$K*;;J
7P%

.H+@0.W:5
K8/LPJ_P;[$E4//O],U&X\'3YL7C
M97

M#9WQ2^L%L']H
\$V&KMW;69\$=^::C$4M@T;H)7-8+5Q+ ?
B9KY^A4[R-
M6$T
3J9RO68O8#@ZLEZ9\T:'6[.INAB&)8_.^7CJ;AWF^$DQ[SPM'-Z=T]

MTX#VQM@X
+/FZ9






M7(@R
T/WC&
;U!J9O.*H$N

I*U:@C!VVJ]7 [

('?OM/
^J-7)*TLT$29P
M:V3






%

0\<
M$\OI4/HDG0R)\3I<8U14@37%C-.*DFA59S




:MOP[

M=AM']G40;
'$[GHN[U[?+*W





M

MS4!/$UVYR7V_W


M]I;=Q4*K-

MH&P5QE1A
U18@.\D8F!]^34










QY#].M'

V/*PG!TR-H%L[D$NA+Y:B,35'GB.0V#*7E^G(CO
L+/';UQ&JR9


MVE9H:@_5HV !:;+UGT?J@0^*R%ZMK'7R9A^'Z\1L!EM,8[W4FI4A;N-+;L

M%+7E5XN)K;SG)'AVESX\CY('DA=
VE^6/S

M)(99Q8WD$W)0?D)YG[UVZK+J@VMTTG=#;%#6-[S\$=7PV*-*\RCEIR:E*
M&VO'IAW9

=
M4)O6@MW$W?^SOS=R'7C#\*ZN/6/
6:+09&S++Y%#=4)CRM#!7*M)Z-8DW.-O







MK.AO$RH$913[N*PN9I\U;]LM#68O6 +*H&E,%%U#W0F?^4_=VQR*#6E7M%






?Z9D7UU71B@GGED*NEU\
84HCMKGMYM
MRCSC_'K=T:.L(&F$5U3R6

MAA#





DH
70S2#'*G88A:\
&C&'X_T(JV
MOUZ'42Q%Y8?

H)L/J$K6KGI:4%HC3\BA^/<XL<)6
*&?+2=D$'KIO.E
M[8ZH9[9!K.4L;:^EE50KI=9G5C%8@'RG5W%!%EW,&4FA6/(;;[54-LCUJQ

ZH

M^'@&D;&MI_#U(+

M'A5'FA80K-G4

M5$MD%NA3K

M3ZN7:

M?'U;4!U


#H! =8052VG=72LRYTYHP!V;8QY0Q_04/'4 #9?_BL]
MQ=NHP+&;XN_K#ZKT^P%U2LS]*T5E







W




B*A[M_%I;
MLE .KSW\KE9L&K

MF/IC
Z.F^P() IY4[G,&VW1#)([N(EXC
M^A'A7G!@ALR6?37U[ZQX=UXA;4;Q#A<L]<OC&2Z(NOZ*IJ*95'P'8DA]%Y9
M;4MEU16QOHM)JZP

0J 4QFBVW5][


MT!/



SQ7]QC_IS_0_*^K6T#_\/U!+ P04

GA+
H37Y^
WKW_LT12H(T



X<5IBG'Z3'[8
M2(+Q.^M]$F].QO


M]TA48:+=I(M%FI1+R$28B+KKK9$\9.BW@J!&3X:3N=7%7I2DG2M+MI2FQJEY



MWUV38;0&2 X*E(0HK(=(.[#D65+Z :5!Z^=BZGF38IG\IM]XHLXG#QFYL09Y
MW5%


/2YH

 /]S1:/C

MQV
4YUG]3?G&T%A

#?T+X(=T\]D%P<J6+*#.TTQ[H(8//
M&1$'M\?N!-IB^1[O2?B]^*Z
F/J4O))#_S
7XEXK$



M7O@XH7?]21 4BZ*\'*X3FW
Y+2?VQK#&+2.FJ\%R]6C6.I*]
:R)RXB_;!CV
M3):'ZUW0PZO &Q^




M4-_Y


[P;H G-B@O_CX.Z(S




2I?0CQJW?LO*WBG*$$SH8LRAP(Z--M F^;B



OD3 MD8CN4!S&URR2








]\UBQR8
F

:U#OGEY 
R[ G8]6T_R\5\;ESP

M6P\


IMKG9//@ -.

MX4*4\2U:^J\K7]F[QQ3G]P@O)*%2^.-86VR.U\?0N1N9/AN0FR6(-!8$UTR
M;PQKI-WKLF!MYT3?(@WHIW=A+SQ0;H!VUM=_:?'A;37= HF24C_H:%(3WY

D


%UPBB)IHHNE4


M



M$.V&$*^86^60J



5LU]$2%S9*W?%0X9^*TCOZ GBC-G\_L638@@$CP3


U=#U6DVW+@5'S\Q
(/WG1.#B:DVM?
M3 N9E(]N%*WB/E6AA:ZDJKU%54%M;*'Q$YZDU^EZ6&Z:BMR5K,;Z *IVDPV
MP+?F]Y-8!NPV2U:IIA.67





Q94I2;2L30LE.O<H

M.1H)UJ6(#%).*G..+2LEL-Q1'!M^7$ 2T05'KO5H+J
DRAY1^)E
MRCFGTT




M]J&X





TITY=
+RLCR\Z)P(F-IL!U]G0Y5YG




AK#

N%5#=7PVV

6S






MJ4';&'

\ISE




Q0K.+%Q04-#O-=$84%X3E
M;IY\*F'3S:+.$]A0A0'&OE)KP K-9/+)DY+8+=.%=;P1^Z5R='!ETK.'C*

G6K R6C;G(;

1MMRFH[V;O#<=
M8\UI$^9R:KF\'Z#'9F_NF$=I./FEX+>W*:SYFV.)U-9;4'=,?N)5AX
PLNSU





M:-[%C45  9M!;T-4(


!-9%P5K:SP5&G4&60-''4&]\+G@OF;O[*U
M5%N=;B#+YMC<^CM29P]Y35Q'BZAB6#9-OF9F*Z+;62U'9OK@8'+GL(+[.E




M5B683
H'5\AC@/!I\6+L0S#G#RBN$<:Y2E!0X/+)M4Y3


!I1O3X

MM+/4%2&20_06(=W@U^RR2
I//KS&)4J5*0@YMBMH5)UF/*(CP*ZRB&'29-_IV?^
LK]


MWR]3


M;]BR^CS*!]2P5UNZ$WAC4 F?)S?%M7 [8@SI2[UJAMAV/Q#L9DEU(A,+:
M0XLM_Z8.,K541V(J[^2@ I':\\^XO\K1.+ ;J0/M69H098X6!JH^Y2B\2@C*
M@EX;)HNT2/*12/HJ=N&= .9$4F F1P9KH'-M:: -^A^\7
:F_!Z3FZ1XE1*

T:*O
MOK]
\1W3U%@+AFV.O). $MD[T9

DH1
U@U!'T1+\J':
M%LJ2@DWN?0LQFU)4/1U8O@QP$O@G+I3Y+P&[D;^30^BJTSW=1XNNUEDJ-'

V;BL V




C Q-S V
S!?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  9Y
M0TMLG.E7 T  &2[   5                =*1  !N9W1F+3(P

P

